Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Idaho:
In 2025, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to update references to the current Internal Revenue Code.. Description: TAXATION -- Amends existing law to update references to the current Internal Revenue Code.
In 2025, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to remove a provision regarding violations of the open meetings law by county officers, to authorize investigations and actions against city officers by the attorney general, and to provide for duties of the attorney general.. Description: CITY AND COUNTY OFFICERS -- Adds to and amends existing law to remove a provision regarding violations of the open meetings law by county officers, to authorize investigations and actions against city officers by the attorney general, and to provide for duties of the attorney general.
In 2025, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide a penalty for possession of less than three ounces of marijuana.. Description: UNIFORM CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Amends existing law to provide a penalty for possession of less than three ounces of marijuana.
In 2025, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to exempt UTVs that are equipped with a roll cage and seat belts from safety helmet requirements.. Description: RULES OF THE ROAD -- Amends existing law to exempt UTVs that are equipped with a roll cage and seat belts from safety helmet requirements.
In 2025, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Code Cleanup Act.. Description: IDAHO CODE CLEANUP -- Adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Code Cleanup Act.
In 2025, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and provides for a joint session of the House and Senate to hear a message from the Governor.. Description: GOVERNOR'S ADDRESS -- States findings of the Legislature and provides for a joint session of the House and Senate to hear a message from the Governor.
In 2025, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and provides for commendation of the Boise State University women's volleyball team.. Description: BOISE STATE VOLLEYBALL -- States findings of the Legislature and provides for commendation of the Boise State University women's volleyball team.
In 2025, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to appoint a committee to undertake and complete a study of natural resource issues.. Description: NATURAL RESOURCE ISSUES STUDY -- States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to appoint a committee to undertake and complete a study of natural resource issues.
In 2025, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and provides that individual legislative members may donate all or a portion of their compensation to the tax relief fund.. Description: LEGISLATIVE COMPENSATION -- States findings of the Legislature and provides that individual legislative members may donate all or a portion of their compensation to the tax relief fund.
In 2025, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and rejects the rate of legislative compensation set by the Citizens' Committee on Legislative Compensation.. Description: LEGISLATIVE COMPENSATION -- States findings of the Legislature and rejects the rate of legislative compensation set by the Citizens' Committee on Legislative Compensation.
In 2025, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to establish a committee to complete a study of Idaho's response to the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: COVID-19 -- States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to establish a committee to complete a study of Idaho's response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of development.. Description: STATE DISASTER PREPAREDNESS -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of development.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for false reports of damage claims.. Description: PESTICIDES AND CHEMIGATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for false reports of damage claims.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law to remove the Syringe and Needle Exchange Act.. Description: SYRINGE AND NEEDLE EXCHANGE -- Repeals existing law to remove the Syringe and Needle Exchange Act.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for Idaho's participation in the Interstate Counseling Compact.. Description: COUNSELING SERVICES -- Adds to existing law to provide for Idaho's participation in the Interstate Counseling Compact.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “Internal Revenue Code.”. Description: TAXATION -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “Internal Revenue Code.”
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the penalty for a first conviction for domestic violence.. Description: DOMESTIC VIOLENCE -- Amends existing law to revise the penalty for a first conviction for domestic violence.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to authorize investigations and actions against city and county officers by the attorney general.. Description: CITY AND COUNTY OFFICERS -- Amends existing law to authorize investigations and actions against city and county officers by the attorney general.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise procedures for a child's immunization data to be included in the registry.. Description: IMMUNIZATIONS -- Amends existing law to revise procedures for a child's immunization data to be included in the registry.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for legislative approval of Medicaid state plan amendments and waivers.. Description: MEDICAID -- Adds to existing law to provide for legislative approval of Medicaid state plan amendments and waivers.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to authorize the Board of Medicine to collect and report data on maternal mortality rates.. Description: MATERNAL MORTALITY -- Adds to existing law to authorize the Board of Medicine to collect and report data on maternal mortality rates.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove and revise provisions regarding class II injection wells.. Description: INJECTION WELLS -- Amends existing law to remove and revise provisions regarding class II injection wells.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding a reduction in the number of supervisors and to revise provisions regarding terms of office, the filling of vacancies, and quorums.. Description: SOIL CONSERVATION DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding a reduction in the number of supervisors and to revise provisions regarding terms of office, the filling of vacancies, and quorums.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exemption from disclosure for certain records regarding wildlife.. Description: RECORDS -- Amends existing law to provide an exemption from disclosure for certain records regarding wildlife.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the crimes of trafficking in fentanyl and drug-induced homicide.. Description: UNIFORM CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Adds to existing law to provide for the crimes of trafficking in fentanyl and drug-induced homicide.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the immunity of volunteer ski and bike patrollers in certain instances.. Description: PARTIES TO ACTIONS -- Adds to existing law to provide for the immunity of volunteer ski and bike patrollers in certain instances.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law relating to the sale, transfer, or disposition of state administrative facilities.. Description: STATE GOVERNMENT -- Amends and repeals existing law relating to the sale, transfer, or disposition of state administrative facilities.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify that income earned on any Indian reservation in Idaho by enrolled tribal members who live outside the state is not subject to Idaho taxes.. Description: INCOME TAXES -- Amends existing law to clarify that income earned on any Indian reservation in Idaho by enrolled tribal members who live outside the state is not subject to Idaho taxes.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the use of technology and procedures to allow vehicles that meet established criteria to lawfully bypass a port of entry.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide for the use of technology and procedures to allow vehicles that meet established criteria to lawfully bypass a port of entry.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that license plates do not automatically expire after ten years and may continue to be used while still legible.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide that license plates do not automatically expire after ten years and may continue to be used while still legible.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding commercial driver's license permit fees, eligibility, and renewal.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLE DRIVER'S LICENSES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding commercial driver's license permit fees, eligibility, and renewal.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to authorize a school employee who possesses an enhanced license to carry concealed weapons to carry on school property in certain instances.. Description: FIREARMS ON SCHOOL PROPERTY -- Amends existing law to authorize a school employee who possesses an enhanced license to carry concealed weapons to carry on school property in certain instances.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to require state agencies to accept cash as a method of payment along with any other accepted methods of payment in certain instances and to prohibit state agencies from charging an additional fee for cash payment.. Description: STATE GOVERNMENT AND STATE AFFAIRS -- Adds to existing law to require state agencies to accept cash as a method of payment along with any other accepted methods of payment in certain instances and to prohibit state agencies from charging an additional fee for cash payment.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define terms and to revise definitions regarding “sex” and “gender.”. Description: INDIVIDUAL'S SEX -- Amends existing law to define terms and to revise definitions regarding “sex” and “gender.”
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to establish the Accelerating Public Charter Schools Act to provide for public charter schools that operate independently from traditional schools.. Description: CHARTER SCHOOLS -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to establish the Accelerating Public Charter Schools Act to provide for public charter schools that operate independently from traditional schools.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to adjust the desired fund size multiplier.. Description: EMPLOYMENT SECURITY LAW -- Amends existing law to adjust the desired fund size multiplier.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a purchase of membership service shall be made within 90 days prior to the date of retirement.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to provide that a purchase of membership service shall be made within 90 days prior to the date of retirement.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for school employee member eligibility for disability retirement.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to provide for school employee member eligibility for disability retirement.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to to revise a provision regarding contributions and investment earnings under supplemental benefit plans and to provide for qualified after-tax contributions.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to to revise a provision regarding contributions and investment earnings under supplemental benefit plans and to provide for qualified after-tax contributions.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish penalties for the disclosure of confidential member records.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to establish penalties for the disclosure of confidential member records.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for qualification equivalency for certain degree requirements through skills, capabilities, work, or relevant experience.. Description: HUMAN RESOURCES DIVISION -- Amends existing law to provide for qualification equivalency for certain degree requirements through skills, capabilities, work, or relevant experience.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding controlled substances.. Description: UNIFORM CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding controlled substances.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for the creation of the Idaho Allied Health Professionals Board and to remove references to various health boards that are to be consolidated under the Idaho Allied Health Professionals Board.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL LICENSES -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for the creation of the Idaho Allied Health Professionals Board and to remove references to various health boards that are to be consolidated under the Idaho Allied Health Professionals Board.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for midwifery licensure under the board of nursing.. Description: MIDWIFERY -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for midwifery licensure under the board of nursing.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require notification by school officials to parents of rights regarding immunizations.. Description: IMMUNIZATIONS -- Amends existing law to require notification by school officials to parents of rights regarding immunizations.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends session law to extend a sunset date to 2029.. Description: IDAHO IMMUNIZATION ASSESSMENT BOARD -- Amends session law to extend a sunset date to 2029.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “drug paraphernalia” to exclude fentanyl testing strips.. Description: UNIFORM CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “drug paraphernalia” to exclude fentanyl testing strips.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding a sale, exchange, or donation of county property.. Description: COUNTY PROPERTY -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding a sale, exchange, or donation of county property.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the accrual of interest on income and sales tax deficiencies.. Description: TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the accrual of interest on income and sales tax deficiencies.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide penalties for improper homestead exemption claims and to provide for information-sharing between certain government entities.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends existing law to provide penalties for improper homestead exemption claims and to provide for information-sharing between certain government entities.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow disbursements from school district activity funds through the use of a debit card.. Description: SCHOOL DISTRICT ACTIVITY FUNDS -- Amends existing law to allow disbursements from school district activity funds through the use of a debit card.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to change the distribution amount for the Idaho Digital Learning Academy funding and to revise certain requirements regarding funding and distributions.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to change the distribution amount for the Idaho Digital Learning Academy funding and to revise certain requirements regarding funding and distributions.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to change the limit on the amount that may distributed under the advanced opportunity scholarship for certain workforce training courses.. Description: ADVANCED OPPORTUNITY SCHOLARSHIP -- Amends existing law to change the limit on the amount that may distributed under the advanced opportunity scholarship for certain workforce training courses.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to make codifier's corrections.. Description: CODIFIER'S CORRECTIONS -- Amends existing law to make codifier's corrections.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding digital copies of agreements entered into by state officers and agencies and to authorize the State Controller to develop a policy regarding agreements.. Description: STATE CONTROLLER -- Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding digital copies of agreements entered into by state officers and agencies and to authorize the State Controller to develop a policy regarding agreements.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the maintenance appropriation to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- JUDICIAL BRANCH -- Relates to the maintenance appropriation to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the maintenance appropriation to the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the maintenance appropriation to the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the maintenance appropriation to General Government for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- GENERAL GOVERNMENT -- Relates to the maintenance appropriation to General Government for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding contested cases and the Office of Administrative Hearings.. Description: IDAHO ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE ACT -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding contested cases and the Office of Administrative Hearings.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Idaho Commission of Pardons and Parole.. Description: CRIMINAL PROCEDURE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Idaho Commission of Pardons and Parole.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to authorize the Governor to develop and execute an interstate compact for border security, to provide that congressional approval shall not be required, and to require certain provisions be included in an interstate compact.. Description: INTERSTATE COMPACT FOR BORDER SECURITY -- Adds to existing law to authorize the Governor to develop and execute an interstate compact for border security, to provide that congressional approval shall not be required, and to require certain provisions be included in an interstate compact.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the crime of visual representations of the sexual abuse of children and to revise provisions regarding the Internet Crimes Against Children Unit.. Description: CRIMES AGAINST CHILDREN -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the crime of visual representations of the sexual abuse of children and to revise provisions regarding the Internet Crimes Against Children Unit.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to include responding to solicitations for services within the practice of architecture and to provide that a firm offering to practice in Idaho shall identify an Idaho-licensed architect who will supervise such services.. Description: ARCHITECTS -- Amends existing law to include responding to solicitations for services within the practice of architecture and to provide that a firm offering to practice in Idaho shall identify an Idaho-licensed architect who will supervise such services.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain special assessments.. Description: IRRIGATION AND DRAINAGE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain special assessments.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Rangeland Improvement Act.. Description: RANGELAND -- Adds to existing law to establish the Rangeland Improvement Act.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to enact the Revised Unclaimed Property Act.. Description: REVISED UNCLAIMED PROPERTY ACT -- Repeals and adds to existing law to enact the Revised Unclaimed Property Act.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the inspection of private premises.. Description: AGRICULTURE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the inspection of private premises.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the maintenance appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LEGISLATIVE BRANCH -- Relates to the maintenance appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require a certain percentage of qualified electors of the district sign a petition for a vote to repeal the district.. Description: AUDITORIUM DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to require a certain percentage of qualified electors of the district sign a petition for a vote to repeal the district.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for local enforcement of the Idaho electrical code and the Idaho plumbing code.. Description: ELECTRICAL CODE AND PLUMBING CODE -- Amends existing law to provide for local enforcement of the Idaho electrical code and the Idaho plumbing code.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a parent or guardian shall not be required to be represented by an attorney at an expungement hearing.. Description: JUVENILE CORRECTIONS ACT -- Amends existing law to provide that a parent or guardian shall not be required to be represented by an attorney at an expungement hearing.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the succession to property of deceased residents of veterans homes.. Description: VETERANS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the succession to property of deceased residents of veterans homes.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions requiring certain contracts to be honored by successor utilities.. Description: DUTIES OF PUBLIC UTILITIES -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions requiring certain contracts to be honored by successor utilities.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a taxpayer's sworn statement that an expenditure was made for an identified deduction is conclusive proof to establish the taxpayer's right to the deduction.. Description: TAXES -- Amends existing law to provide that a taxpayer's sworn statement that an expenditure was made for an identified deduction is conclusive proof to establish the taxpayer's right to the deduction.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow for the designation of essential caregivers for in-person visitation.. Description: ESSENTIAL CAREGIVERS -- Amends existing law to allow for the designation of essential caregivers for in-person visitation.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain fingerprint and criminal history background checks.. Description: DIVISION OF OCCUPATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL LICENSES -- Amends existing law to provide for certain fingerprint and criminal history background checks.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain actions shall be considered cannibalism.. Description: CANNIBALISM -- Amends existing law to provide that certain actions shall be considered cannibalism.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain notice may be given by first class or certified mail and to provide for proof of mailing.. Description: MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS -- Amends existing law to provide that certain notice may be given by first class or certified mail and to provide for proof of mailing.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the prohibition of mask mandates.. Description: MASK MANDATES -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the prohibition of mask mandates.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the crimes of trafficking and commercial sexual activity.. Description: CRIMES AND PUNISHMENTS -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the crimes of trafficking and commercial sexual activity.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to exempt federally recognized Indian tribes from the definition of “foreign government,” such that certain restrictions regarding real property will not apply to them, and to include forest land as one of the kinds of property that a foreign government may not purchase.. Description: PROPERTY -- Amends existing law to exempt federally recognized Indian tribes from the definition of “foreign government,” such that certain restrictions regarding real property will not apply to them, and to include forest land as one of the kinds of property that a foreign government may not purchase.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that subscribing to certain elective oaths of office shall create a vacancy in any other office held.. Description: PUBLIC OFFICE -- Amends existing law to provide that subscribing to certain elective oaths of office shall create a vacancy in any other office held.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions to protect minors from harmful material on the internet.. Description: LIABILITY FOR PUBLISHERS AND DISTRIBUTORS OF MATERIAL HARMFUL TO MINORS ON THE INTERNET -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions to protect minors from harmful material on the internet.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding qualification and requirements for the Idaho Opportunity Scholarship.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding qualification and requirements for the Idaho Opportunity Scholarship.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding medical liens, to update a provision regarding perfection of such liens, and to provide that liens shall relate to the charges for services or treatments provided.. Description: MEDICAL LIENS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding medical liens, to update a provision regarding perfection of such liens, and to provide that liens shall relate to the charges for services or treatments provided.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the respectful disposition of certain unclaimed human remains.. Description: FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND MORTICIANS -- Amends existing law to provide for the respectful disposition of certain unclaimed human remains.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and amends existing law to remove obsolete insurance provisions.. Description: INSURANCE -- Repeals and amends existing law to remove obsolete insurance provisions.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the duration and renewal of occupational and professional licenses.. Description: DIVISION OF OCCUPATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL LICENSES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the duration and renewal of occupational and professional licenses.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding security requirements in certain actions or proceedings involving the sale of timber.. Description: TIMBER -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding security requirements in certain actions or proceedings involving the sale of timber.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding police officer member status.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding police officer member status.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a duty of a sheriff regarding the regulation of traffic on highways and roads.. Description: DUTIES OF SHERIFF -- Amends existing law to revise a duty of a sheriff regarding the regulation of traffic on highways and roads.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “aggravated offense.”. Description: SEXUAL OFFENDER REGISTRATION -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “aggravated offense.”
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the penalty for lewd conduct with a minor child and to revise provisions regarding sentencing in capital cases.. Description: LEWD CONDUCT WITH A MINOR CHILD -- Amends existing law to revise the penalty for lewd conduct with a minor child and to revise provisions regarding sentencing in capital cases.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise duties and penalties regarding the Medicaid Fraud Control Unit.. Description: MEDICAID FRAUD CONTROL UNIT -- Amends existing law to revise duties and penalties regarding the Medicaid Fraud Control Unit.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding tax rates, school facilities funding, and school district bond and tax levy elections.. Description: TAXATION -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding tax rates, school facilities funding, and school district bond and tax levy elections.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to include health care sharing ministries as an eligible medical expense.. Description: MEDICAL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS -- Amends existing law to include health care sharing ministries as an eligible medical expense.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the powers and duties of the district boards of health.. Description: HEALTH DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to revise the powers and duties of the district boards of health.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit pelvic exams of anesthetized and unconscious patients except under certain circumstances.. Description: HEALTH -- Adds to existing law to prohibit pelvic exams of anesthetized and unconscious patients except under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the licensure and practice of pharmacy.. Description: PHARMACISTS -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the licensure and practice of pharmacy.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to modify provisions regarding certified family homes.. Description: CERTIFIED FAMILY HOMES -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to modify provisions regarding certified family homes.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require the superintendent of public instruction to authorize funding from the Public Charter School Revolving Loan Fund upon the approval of the Idaho Housing and Finance Association.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to require the superintendent of public instruction to authorize funding from the Public Charter School Revolving Loan Fund upon the approval of the Idaho Housing and Finance Association.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow parents to provide on-road driver's training for their children and to require the Idaho Digital Learning Alliance to make certain driver education curriculum available to all Idaho students.. Description: DRIVER'S EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to allow parents to provide on-road driver's training for their children and to require the Idaho Digital Learning Alliance to make certain driver education curriculum available to all Idaho students.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a requirement that an individual must not have possessed a driver's license for the last six months to be eligible to receive a certain identification card.. Description: IDENTIFICATION CARDS -- Amends existing law to remove a requirement that an individual must not have possessed a driver's license for the last six months to be eligible to receive a certain identification card.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that commercial motor vehicles may idle and use refrigeration in certain circumstances.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Amends existing law to provide that commercial motor vehicles may idle and use refrigeration in certain circumstances.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit governmental entities in the State of Idaho from compelling employees and students to use certain titles and pronouns.. Description: CIVIL RIGHTS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit governmental entities in the State of Idaho from compelling employees and students to use certain titles and pronouns.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding flood control districts.. Description: FLOOD CONTROL DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding flood control districts.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish terms for a provisional license to practice medicine for graduates of medical schools located outside of the United States and Canada.. Description: MEDICINE -- Amends existing law to establish terms for a provisional license to practice medicine for graduates of medical schools located outside of the United States and Canada.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that a homeowner's association may not prohibit the operation of a family daycare home.. Description: FAMILY DAYCARE HOMES -- Adds to existing law to provide that a homeowner's association may not prohibit the operation of a family daycare home.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise adoptee access to adoption records after a certain age.. Description: ADOPTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise adoptee access to adoption records after a certain age.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a local governmental unit shall not enact, maintain, or enforce an ordinance or a resolution that forces participation in an optional federal housing assistance program or regulates rent, fees, or deposits charged for leasing private residential property.. Description: PROPERTY -- Amends existing law to provide that a local governmental unit shall not enact, maintain, or enforce an ordinance or a resolution that forces participation in an optional federal housing assistance program or regulates rent, fees, or deposits charged for leasing private residential property.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a fee for recipients of purple heart license plates.. Description: PURPLE HEART RECIPIENT LICENSE PLATES -- Amends existing law to remove a fee for recipients of purple heart license plates.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding pesticide and chemigation applicators and licensing, chemical suppliers, and inspections.. Description: CHEMIGATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding pesticide and chemigation applicators and licensing, chemical suppliers, and inspections.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a canvass report after votes are cast for elected offices.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to provide for a canvass report after votes are cast for elected offices.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding adoption of a temporary rule and regarding legislative review of incorporated material, to provide that an agency shall make incorporated material available on its website, and to require the periodic review of administrative rules.. Description: IDAHO ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE ACT -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding adoption of a temporary rule and regarding legislative review of incorporated material, to provide that an agency shall make incorporated material available on its website, and to require the periodic review of administrative rules.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise when a student can be exempted from certain required English language assessments.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise when a student can be exempted from certain required English language assessments.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Artificial Intelligence Advisory Council.. Description: STATE AFFAIRS -- Adds to existing law to establish the Artificial Intelligence Advisory Council.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain special distributors of liquor shall be allowed to continue to operate.. Description: ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES -- Amends existing law to provide that certain special distributors of liquor shall be allowed to continue to operate.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to exempt certain subcontractors from licensure, to increase a dollar amount related to an exemption, and to eliminate a class of licensure.. Description: DIVISION OF OCCUPATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL LICENSES -- Amends existing law to exempt certain subcontractors from licensure, to increase a dollar amount related to an exemption, and to eliminate a class of licensure.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to preempt laws regarding guaranteed income programs that are not expressly authorized by state statute.. Description: GUARANTEED INCOME PROGRAMS -- Adds to existing law to preempt laws regarding guaranteed income programs that are not expressly authorized by state statute.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require certain disclosures in bond and levy elections that include information regarding state tax relief and when such state tax relief is set to expire.. Description: BOND AND LEVY ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to require certain disclosures in bond and levy elections that include information regarding state tax relief and when such state tax relief is set to expire.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the crime of disclosing explicit synthetic media.. Description: DISCLOSING EXPLICIT SYNTHETIC MEDIA -- Adds to existing law to provide for the crime of disclosing explicit synthetic media.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding rental agreements, the disposal of certain property, notice to lessees in default, and access restriction.. Description: SELF-SERVICE STORAGE FACILITIES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding rental agreements, the disposal of certain property, notice to lessees in default, and access restriction.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish provisions for directed payments to qualifying hospitals.. Description: MEDICAID -- Amends existing law to establish provisions for directed payments to qualifying hospitals.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit religious discrimination in adoption and foster care cases.. Description: ADOPTION AND FOSTER CARE -- Adds to existing law to prohibit religious discrimination in adoption and foster care cases.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish military leave for public school and public charter school employees.. Description: MILITARY LEAVE FOR PUBLIC SCHOOL AND PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOL EMPLOYEES -- Adds to existing law to establish military leave for public school and public charter school employees.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the powers of teachers in the classroom regarding when a teacher may physically escort a student out of class and when restraint or seclusion of a student must cease.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise the powers of teachers in the classroom regarding when a teacher may physically escort a student out of class and when restraint or seclusion of a student must cease.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “resident” for vehicle registration, titling, driver's license, and identification card purposes.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “resident” for vehicle registration, titling, driver's license, and identification card purposes.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to exempt Idaho from daylight saving time.. Description: DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME -- Repeals and adds to existing law to exempt Idaho from daylight saving time.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to require nonresidents to procure a license prior to collecting, possessing, or transporting certain antlers or horns and to provide an exception.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Adds to existing law to require nonresidents to procure a license prior to collecting, possessing, or transporting certain antlers or horns and to provide an exception.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide certain deadlines for producing records pursuant to a public records request.. Description: PUBLIC RECORDS -- Amends existing law to provide certain deadlines for producing records pursuant to a public records request.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain disclosures and to provide for a restriction on transfer fees.. Description: HOMEOWNER'S ASSOCIATIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain disclosures and to provide for a restriction on transfer fees.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain notices to community resident associations.. Description: COMMUNITY RESIDENT ASSOCIATIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain notices to community resident associations.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for fencing and harvest during quarantine and to provide for the application of quarantine.. Description: CERVIDAE -- Adds to existing law to provide for fencing and harvest during quarantine and to provide for the application of quarantine.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for compensation for depredation of livestock by grizzly bear and wolves.. Description: DEPREDATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for compensation for depredation of livestock by grizzly bear and wolves.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain credited state service and utilization of unused paid time off for certain eligible nonclassified officers and employees hired by the Office of the State Public Defender before January 1, 2025.. Description: STATE OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES -- Amends existing law to provide for certain credited state service and utilization of unused paid time off for certain eligible nonclassified officers and employees hired by the Office of the State Public Defender before January 1, 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for outcomes-based funding.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide for outcomes-based funding.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish provisions governing pharmacy benefit managers.. Description: PHARMACY BENEFIT MANAGERS -- Amends existing law to establish provisions governing pharmacy benefit managers.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow students of majority age to submit a signed statement for exemption from immunizations requirements.. Description: IMMUNIZATIONS -- Amends existing law to allow students of majority age to submit a signed statement for exemption from immunizations requirements.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit ballot harvesting, to provide certain exceptions, and to establish penalties for violations.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit ballot harvesting, to provide certain exceptions, and to establish penalties for violations.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise penalties for domestic violence and attempted strangulation.. Description: ASSAULT AND BATTERY -- Amends existing law to revise penalties for domestic violence and attempted strangulation.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide immunity for the security teams of religious organizations.. Description: LEGAL IMMUNITY -- Adds to existing law to provide immunity for the security teams of religious organizations.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit state agencies from donating to or sponsoring a nongovernmental event or organization and to provide exceptions.. Description: STATE GOVERNMENT -- Adds to existing law to prohibit state agencies from donating to or sponsoring a nongovernmental event or organization and to provide exceptions.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise certain requirements for electrical contractors.. Description: ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS AND JOURNEYMEN -- Amends existing law to revise certain requirements for electrical contractors.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish a procedure for bidders to challenge an administrator's decision under certain circumstances.. Description: PUBLIC BUILDINGS AND WORKS -- Adds to existing law to establish a procedure for bidders to challenge an administrator's decision under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for agricultural protection areas.. Description: AGRICULTURE -- Adds to existing law to provide for agricultural protection areas.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for an increased fine for a first violation of overtaking a school bus and misdemeanor penalties for second and subsequent violations.. Description: TRAFFIC ENFORCEMENT -- Amends existing law to provide for an increased fine for a first violation of overtaking a school bus and misdemeanor penalties for second and subsequent violations.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for compensation and a procedure.. Description: WOLF DEPREDATION CONTROL BOARD -- Amends existing law to provide for compensation and a procedure.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to prohibit the advertising of illegal products and services and to provide for the apportionment of fines.. Description: ADVERTISING ILLEGAL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES -- Amends and adds to existing law to prohibit the advertising of illegal products and services and to provide for the apportionment of fines.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for duties and authority of the Idaho Department of Lands and to provide for the Good Neighbor Authority Fund.. Description: FORESTS -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for duties and authority of the Idaho Department of Lands and to provide for the Good Neighbor Authority Fund.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the disclosure of information in certain instances and to authorize access to mental health records of a child in certain instances.. Description: CHILDREN'S MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the disclosure of information in certain instances and to authorize access to mental health records of a child in certain instances.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to expand and add to a prohibition against electioneering messages on certain government correspondence.. Description: ELECTIONEERING MESSAGES -- Amends existing law to expand and add to a prohibition against electioneering messages on certain government correspondence.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that a political subdivision shall not enact certain rules, ordinances, or taxes regarding knives, to provide certain exceptions, and to provide that certain rules and ordinances from a political subdivision shall be null and void.. Description: KNIVES -- Adds to existing law to provide that a political subdivision shall not enact certain rules, ordinances, or taxes regarding knives, to provide certain exceptions, and to provide that certain rules and ordinances from a political subdivision shall be null and void.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define terminology and to provide for the declaration of certain conflicts of interest or familial relationships with respect to service contracts with a homeowner's association.. Description: HOMEOWNER'S ASSOCIATIONS -- Amends existing law to define terminology and to provide for the declaration of certain conflicts of interest or familial relationships with respect to service contracts with a homeowner's association.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Commercial Property Assessed Capital Expenditure Act to allow willing owners of certain properties to obtain financing for qualifying improvements.. Description: COMMERCIAL PROPERTY -- Adds to existing law to establish the Commercial Property Assessed Capital Expenditure Act to allow willing owners of certain properties to obtain financing for qualifying improvements.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a scope of review.. Description: ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE ACT -- Amends existing law to provide for a scope of review.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a guardian ad litem may be appointed for a dependent child during divorce proceedings.. Description: DIVORCE ACTIONS -- Amends existing law to provide that a guardian ad litem may be appointed for a dependent child during divorce proceedings.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the boundaries of Cassia County and Minidoka County.. Description: COUNTIES -- Amends existing law to revise the boundaries of Cassia County and Minidoka County.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding voluntary naturopathic doctor licensure requirements.. Description: VOLUNTARY NATUROPATHIC DOCTOR LICENSURE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding voluntary naturopathic doctor licensure requirements.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to modify eligibility for public assistance for pregnant women.. Description: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE -- Adds to existing law to modify eligibility for public assistance for pregnant women.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that the State Board of Education shall have certain authority.. Description: BROADBAND -- Amends existing law to provide that the State Board of Education shall have certain authority.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Strategic Initiatives Grant Program.. Description: STRATEGIC INITIATIVES GRANT PROGRAM -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Strategic Initiatives Grant Program.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define the term “service-only facility.”. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Amends existing law to define the term “service-only facility.”
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the appointment procedures for the Board of Education, including establishing geographical representation of seats on the Board of Education.. Description: BOARD OF EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise the appointment procedures for the Board of Education, including establishing geographical representation of seats on the Board of Education.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding school board recall elections, vacancies, and quorums.. Description: SCHOOL DISTRICT BOARDS OF TRUSTEES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding school board recall elections, vacancies, and quorums.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the boundaries of Benewah County, Bonner County, Clearwater County, Kootenai County, Latah County, and Shoshone County.. Description: COUNTIES -- Amends existing law to revise the boundaries of Benewah County, Bonner County, Clearwater County, Kootenai County, Latah County, and Shoshone County.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Species Conservation for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF SPECIES CONSERVATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Species Conservation for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on the Arts for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON THE ARTS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on the Arts for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to authorize a sheriff's office to seek reimbursement for costs of recapture.. Description: COUNTY JAILS -- Adds to existing law to authorize a sheriff's office to seek reimbursement for costs of recapture.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding signatures for initiative petitions.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding signatures for initiative petitions.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding prisoners who secure employment with a private employer.. Description: STATE BOARD OF CORRECTION -- Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding prisoners who secure employment with a private employer.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding application of the Administrative Procedure Act and to establish provisions regarding a lowest responsible bidder.. Description: STATE PROCUREMENT ACT -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding application of the Administrative Procedure Act and to establish provisions regarding a lowest responsible bidder.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to streamline and simplify relevant code sections pursuant to the Governor's Red Tape Reduction Act.. Description: PUBLIC UTILITIES -- Amends and repeals existing law to streamline and simplify relevant code sections pursuant to the Governor's Red Tape Reduction Act.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise candidate filing deadlines for independent candidates for president and vice president.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise candidate filing deadlines for independent candidates for president and vice president.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to require school districts to establish internet access policies to block certain content and to establish digital literacy instruction for students in grades 6 through 12.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends and adds to existing law to require school districts to establish internet access policies to block certain content and to establish digital literacy instruction for students in grades 6 through 12.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for relief prohibiting the publication of synthetic media in electioneering communications, to provide for an action prohibiting the publication of synthetic media in electioneering communications, and to provide exceptions.. Description: ELECTIONEERING COMMUNICATIONS -- Adds to existing law to provide for relief prohibiting the publication of synthetic media in electioneering communications, to provide for an action prohibiting the publication of synthetic media in electioneering communications, and to provide exceptions.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to require the State Treasurer to compile and prepare a report of state moneys invested in a foreign adversary.. Description: PUBLIC MONEY INVESTMENTS -- Adds to existing law to require the State Treasurer to compile and prepare a report of state moneys invested in a foreign adversary.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit abortion providers from furnishing materials or instruction relating to sex education curricula.. Description: ABORTION -- Amends existing law to prohibit abortion providers from furnishing materials or instruction relating to sex education curricula.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit the use of public funds for gender transition procedures.. Description: NO PUBLIC FUNDS FOR GENDER TRANSITION -- Adds to existing law to prohibit the use of public funds for gender transition procedures.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for equality in financial services.. Description: EQUALITY IN FINANCIAL SERVICES -- Adds to existing law to provide for equality in financial services.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the End Organ Harvesting Act and to prohibit certain genetic technologies.. Description: HEALTH -- Adds to existing law to establish the End Organ Harvesting Act and to prohibit certain genetic technologies.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TAX COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Charter School Commission for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOL COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Charter School Commission for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Energy and Mineral Resources for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF ENERGY AND MINERAL RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Energy and Mineral Resources for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Board of Tax Appeals for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- BOARD OF TAX APPEALS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Board of Tax Appeals for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Drug Policy for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF DRUG POLICY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Drug Policy for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- MILITARY DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: COMMISSION ON AGING- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON AGING- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal year 2025.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for actuarial management personnel.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to provide for actuarial management personnel.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Health Education Programs for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH EDUCATION PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Health Education Programs for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LEGISLATIVE BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to allow for telehealth behavioral health services on public school premises.. Description: BEHAVIORAL HEALTH -- Adds to existing law to allow for telehealth behavioral health services on public school premises.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to create a medicaid budget stabilization fund.. Description: MEDICAID -- Adds to existing law to create a medicaid budget stabilization fund.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding personal eligibility conditions to qualify for unemployment benefits.. Description: EMPLOYMENT SECURITY LAW -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding personal eligibility conditions to qualify for unemployment benefits.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the Kootenai River Water Rights Adjudication.. Description: KOOTENAI RIVER -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the Kootenai River Water Rights Adjudication.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding unlawful acts by manufacturers or distributors and to provide for affiliates and entities.. Description: DEALERS AND SALESMEN LICENSING -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding unlawful acts by manufacturers or distributors and to provide for affiliates and entities.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide that notice of intent prior to an agreement taking effect shall be required in certain instances.. Description: STATE GOVERNMENT -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide that notice of intent prior to an agreement taking effect shall be required in certain instances.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Special Programs for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SPECIAL PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Special Programs for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF CAREER TECHNICAL EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Liquor Division for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE LIQUOR DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Liquor Division for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for nonresident tags and permits for deer, elk, and pronghorn antelope and to provide for the Nonresident Draw Implementation Committee.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Adds to existing law to provide for nonresident tags and permits for deer, elk, and pronghorn antelope and to provide for the Nonresident Draw Implementation Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain credited state service and utilization of unused sick leave for certain eligible nonclassified officers and employees hired by the Office of the State Public Defender before January 1, 2025.. Description: STATE OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES -- Amends existing law to provide for certain credited state service and utilization of unused sick leave for certain eligible nonclassified officers and employees hired by the Office of the State Public Defender before January 1, 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission for the Blind and Visually Impaired for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSISON FOR THE BLIND AND VISUALLY IMPAIRED -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission for the Blind and Visually Impaired for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Agricultural Research and Cooperative Extension Service for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH AND COOPERATIVE EXTENSION SERVICE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Agricultural Research and Cooperative Extension Service for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to provide for the adoption of a certain electrical code, to provide for certain modifications to the electrical code, and to prohibit local governments from requiring certain installations.. Description: ELECTRICAL CODE -- Repeals and adds to existing law to provide for the adoption of a certain electrical code, to provide for certain modifications to the electrical code, and to prohibit local governments from requiring certain installations.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the efficient renewal of occupational licenses.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING REFORM -- Adds to existing law to provide for the efficient renewal of occupational licenses.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide that the state shall not act as the incorporator of a corporation and to establish provisions regarding the reformation or disassociation of certain corporations.. Description: CORPORATIONS -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide that the state shall not act as the incorporator of a corporation and to establish provisions regarding the reformation or disassociation of certain corporations.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to prohibit certain materials from being promoted, given, or made available to a minor by a school or public library, to provide for a cause of action, to provide for damages, and to provide for injunctive relief.. Description: MINORS -- Amends and adds to existing law to prohibit certain materials from being promoted, given, or made available to a minor by a school or public library, to provide for a cause of action, to provide for damages, and to provide for injunctive relief.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding certain time requirements, penalties and damages, and charges for care and to establish provisions regarding willfully and wantonly allowing estrays.. Description: ESTRAYS -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding certain time requirements, penalties and damages, and charges for care and to establish provisions regarding willfully and wantonly allowing estrays.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Stem Action Center for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STEM ACTION CENTER -- Relates to the appropriation to the Stem Action Center for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriations from the Idaho Millennium Income Fund for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- MILLENNIUM INCOME FUND -- Relates to the appropriations from the Idaho Millennium Income Fund for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- JUDICIAL BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Educational Services for the Deaf and the Blind for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- EDUCATIONAL SERVICES FOR THE DEAF AND THE BLIND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Educational Services for the Deaf and the Blind for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF HUMAN RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Workforce Development Council for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Workforce Development Council for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO TRANSPORTATION DEPARTMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to increase the salaries of commissioners of the Public Utilities Commission, State Tax Commission, and Industrial Commission and provides appropriations for those salary increases.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION -- STATE TAX COMMISSION -- INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION -- Amends existing law to increase the salaries of commissioners of the Public Utilities Commission, State Tax Commission, and Industrial Commission and provides appropriations for those salary increases.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit public utilities from requiring the disclosure of full social security numbers as a condition of receiving any product, commodity, or service provided by the public utility and to provide an exception.. Description: PUBLIC UTILITIES -- Adds to existing law to prohibit public utilities from requiring the disclosure of full social security numbers as a condition of receiving any product, commodity, or service provided by the public utility and to provide an exception.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the legislative policy on highway-related expenditures.. Description: HIGHWAYS AND BRIDGES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the legislative policy on highway-related expenditures.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding reports on federal funds required to be submitted by state agencies and to revise provisions regarding the state's annual budget requests.. Description: STATE BUDGET -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding reports on federal funds required to be submitted by state agencies and to revise provisions regarding the state's annual budget requests.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education for community colleges for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- COMMUNITY COLLEGES -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education for community colleges for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for College and Universities and the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITIES -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for College and Universities and the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- PERMANENT BUILDING FUND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education and the State Department of Education for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education and the State Department of Education for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Idaho Launch Grant Program and the In-Demand Careers Fund.. Description: IDAHO LAUNCH GRANT PROGRAM -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Idaho Launch Grant Program and the In-Demand Careers Fund.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that the Governor's appointment of the executive officer of the state board is subject to the advice and consent of the Senate and to revise provisions regarding School Modernization Facilities Fund distributions to school districts.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that the Governor's appointment of the executive officer of the state board is subject to the advice and consent of the Senate and to revise provisions regarding School Modernization Facilities Fund distributions to school districts.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define and provide for a candidate political committee.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to define and provide for a candidate political committee.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding public charter school financial support, charter school authorizers, and eligibility of school districts for School Modernization Facilities Fund distributions and to require Senate approval of a certain Board of Education gubernatorial appointment.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding public charter school financial support, charter school authorizers, and eligibility of school districts for School Modernization Facilities Fund distributions and to require Senate approval of a certain Board of Education gubernatorial appointment.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain judges and magistrate judges shall be eligible to receive a bonus upon retirement and to revise a provision regarding the salary of the justices of the Supreme Court.. Description: JUDICIAL COMPENSATION -- Amends existing law to provide that certain judges and magistrate judges shall be eligible to receive a bonus upon retirement and to revise a provision regarding the salary of the justices of the Supreme Court.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise eligibility requirements for the Idaho Opportunity Scholarship.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise eligibility requirements for the Idaho Opportunity Scholarship.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF LANDS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of the Idaho Digital Learning Academy for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- IDAHO DIGITAL LEARNING ACADEMY DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of the Idaho Digital Learning Academy for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Medicaid for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF MEDICAID -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Medicaid for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to exempt certain farming equipment from sales tax.. Description: TAXATION -- Amends existing law to exempt certain farming equipment from sales tax.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office the Attorney General for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office the Attorney General for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for crimes regarding illegal entry into this state, to provide for an order to return to a foreign nation, and to provide for civil immunity for and indemnification of local government and state officials, employees, and contractors regarding immigration.. Description: IMMIGRATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for crimes regarding illegal entry into this state, to provide for an order to return to a foreign nation, and to provide for civil immunity for and indemnification of local government and state officials, employees, and contractors regarding immigration.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a policy statement.. Description: CHILD PROTECTION -- Amends existing law to revise a policy statement.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Insurance for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF INSURANCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Insurance for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Facilities for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- FACILITIES DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Facilities for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Controller for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE CONTROLLER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Controller for fiscal year 2024.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- DIVISION OF TEACHERS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Education for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Education for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Student Support for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- DIVISION OF STUDENT SUPPORT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Student Support for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- JUDICIAL BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- JUDICIAL BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that the Governor's appointment of the executive officer of the state board is subject to the advice and consent of the Senate, to revise provisions regarding School District Facilities Fund distributions and School Modernization Facilities Fund distributions, and to revise provisions regarding public charter school financial support and charter school authorizers.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that the Governor's appointment of the executive officer of the state board is subject to the advice and consent of the Senate, to revise provisions regarding School District Facilities Fund distributions and School Modernization Facilities Fund distributions, and to revise provisions regarding public charter school financial support and charter school authorizers.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for when pending fee and non-fee rules shall become effective.. Description: IDAHO ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE ACT -- Amends existing law to provide for when pending fee and non-fee rules shall become effective.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- PERMANENT BUILDING FUND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the funding of the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2025.. Description: IDAHO TRANSPORTATION DEPARTMENT -- FUNDING -- Relates to the funding of the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a driver's license shall be revoked or canceled under certain circumstances.. Description: DRIVER'S LICENSES -- Amends existing law to provide that a driver's license shall be revoked or canceled under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the crime of domestic terrorism.. Description: TERRORIST CONTROL ACT -- Amends existing law to provide for the crime of domestic terrorism.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding notice of a solicitation.. Description: STATE PROCUREMENT ACT -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding notice of a solicitation.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding interagency contracts with state institutions of higher education.. Description: STATE GOVERNMENT -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding interagency contracts with state institutions of higher education.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise definitions.. Description: SPACE FORCE -- Amends existing law to revise definitions.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain persons shall not be eligible to apply for any fishing, hunting, or trapping licenses, tags, or permits.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends existing law to provide that certain persons shall not be eligible to apply for any fishing, hunting, or trapping licenses, tags, or permits.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for parental rights during certain child protection investigations.. Description: CHILD PROTECTION -- Adds to existing law to provide for parental rights during certain child protection investigations.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that health benefit plans and student health benefit plans covering prescription contraception must provide reimbursement for a six-month supply except under certain circumstances.. Description: INSURANCE -- Adds to existing law to provide that health benefit plans and student health benefit plans covering prescription contraception must provide reimbursement for a six-month supply except under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to change library board elections from once every six years to once every four years.. Description: LIBRARY BOARD ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to change library board elections from once every six years to once every four years.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding bingo and raffles.. Description: BINGO AND RAFFLES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding bingo and raffles.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a requirement that a notice of hearing be sent by registered or certified mail.. Description: WORKER'S COMPENSATION -- Amends existing law to remove a requirement that a notice of hearing be sent by registered or certified mail.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the quorum requirements for meetings of school district boards of trustees.. Description: SCHOOL DISTRICT TRUSTEES -- Amends existing law to revise the quorum requirements for meetings of school district boards of trustees.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for permits.. Description: GRAZING -- Adds to existing law to provide for permits.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding electioneering activities near polling places, to provide certain qualifications, and to revise penalties for violations.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding electioneering activities near polling places, to provide certain qualifications, and to revise penalties for violations.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding an optional retirement program.. Description: STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding an optional retirement program.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for 24-hour holds for persons with major neurocognitive disorders experiencing an acute crisis.. Description: HEALTH -- Adds to existing law to provide for 24-hour holds for persons with major neurocognitive disorders experiencing an acute crisis.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding licenses for waterfront resorts.. Description: LIQUOR -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding licenses for waterfront resorts.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove entities registered with the federal election commission from the definition of a “political committee.”. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to remove entities registered with the federal election commission from the definition of a “political committee.”
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Defend the Guard Act.. Description: NATIONAL GUARD -- Adds to existing law to establish the Defend the Guard Act.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions requiring certain internet filters on computer devices used by children.. Description: CHILD SAFETY -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions requiring certain internet filters on computer devices used by children.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish requirements regarding the vacation of public rights-of-way that furnish access to state or federal public lands or waters.. Description: PUBLIC RIGHTS-OF-WAY -- Amends existing law to establish requirements regarding the vacation of public rights-of-way that furnish access to state or federal public lands or waters.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that no election needs to be held for unopposed offices in cities with a population under 100,000.. Description: CITY ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to provide that no election needs to be held for unopposed offices in cities with a population under 100,000.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding state employee telework.. Description: STATE EMPLOYEE TELEWORK -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding state employee telework.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the use of telecommunication, email, text message, and other forms of electronic communication.. Description: COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY -- Amends existing law to provide for the use of telecommunication, email, text message, and other forms of electronic communication.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain contracts secured by deeds of trust.. Description: LIENS FOR PERFORMANCE OF FUTURE OBLIGATIONS -- Amends existing law to provide for certain contracts secured by deeds of trust.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the minimum requirements for an audit.. Description: AUDITS OF LOCAL GOVERNMENTAL ENTITIES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the minimum requirements for an audit.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the maintenance appropriation to Public Safety for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SAFETY -- Relates to the maintenance appropriation to Public Safety for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the maintenance appropriations to the executive offices of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Attorney General, State Controller, Secretary of State, and State Treasurer for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- CONSTITUTIONAL OFFICERS -- Relates to the maintenance appropriations to the executive offices of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Attorney General, State Controller, Secretary of State, and State Treasurer for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the maintenance appropriations to the Department of Health and Welfare and the State Independent Living Council for fiscal years 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES -- Relates to the maintenance appropriations to the Department of Health and Welfare and the State Independent Living Council for fiscal years 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the maintenance appropriation to Natural Resources for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- NATURAL RESOURCES -- Relates to the maintenance appropriation to Natural Resources for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the maintenance appropriation to Economic Development for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT -- Relates to the maintenance appropriation to Economic Development for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the Idaho Global Entrepreneurial Mission (IGEM) Grant Program.. Description: DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE -- Repeals existing law relating to the Idaho Global Entrepreneurial Mission (IGEM) Grant Program.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to allow for the placement and use of newborn safety devices.. Description: IDAHO SAFE HAVEN ACT -- Adds to existing law to allow for the placement and use of newborn safety devices.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to require the Secretary of State to prepare voter guides to be distributed to every household in the state no later than 30 days before an election.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends and adds to existing law to require the Secretary of State to prepare voter guides to be distributed to every household in the state no later than 30 days before an election.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit institutions of higher education from requiring diversity statements as a condition of employment or admission.. Description: HIGHER EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to prohibit institutions of higher education from requiring diversity statements as a condition of employment or admission.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide immunity for employers who allow or do not prohibit employees to lawfully carry firearms.. Description: PARTIES TO ACTIONS -- Amends existing law to provide immunity for employers who allow or do not prohibit employees to lawfully carry firearms.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding an electronic payment convenience fee.. Description: PAYMENTS TO THE COURT -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding an electronic payment convenience fee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends Laws of 2023 to define “Idaho residential street address.”. Description: ADDRESS CONFIDENTIALITY FOR JUDICIAL OFFICERS -- Amends Laws of 2023 to define “Idaho residential street address.”
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding an ignition interlock system.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding an ignition interlock system.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define a phrase.. Description: NAVIGATIONAL ENCROACHMENTS -- Amends existing law to define a phrase.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exception to residency requirements in certain adoption proceedings.. Description: ADOPTION -- Amends existing law to provide an exception to residency requirements in certain adoption proceedings.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify requirements for criminal history and background checks for potential temporary caregivers.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to clarify requirements for criminal history and background checks for potential temporary caregivers.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding temporary motor vehicle registration permits.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLE REGISTRATION -- Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding temporary motor vehicle registration permits.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of an employee.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of an employee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for notice of a claim or lien by certified mail.. Description: HOSPITAL AND NURSING CARE LIENS -- Amends existing law to provide for notice of a claim or lien by certified mail.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to permit certain qualified chiropractors to evaluate and authorize return to play for youth athletes who are suspected of having sustained a concussion during school athletic activities.. Description: YOUTH ATHLETES -- Amends existing law to permit certain qualified chiropractors to evaluate and authorize return to play for youth athletes who are suspected of having sustained a concussion during school athletic activities.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise certain dates regarding when candidates must file their declarations of candidacy and when a candidate may withdraw from a race.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise certain dates regarding when candidates must file their declarations of candidacy and when a candidate may withdraw from a race.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit public entities from entering into contracts with entities that boycott certain industry sectors.. Description: STATE GOVERNMENT -- Adds to existing law to prohibit public entities from entering into contracts with entities that boycott certain industry sectors.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for legal representation.. Description: LANDS -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for legal representation.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding annexation of land by cities.. Description: ANNEXATION BY CITIES -- Repeals and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding annexation of land by cities.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to revise and remove provisions regarding the Idaho Rural Development Partnership.. Description: DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE -- Amends and repeals existing law to revise and remove provisions regarding the Idaho Rural Development Partnership.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define terminology and to establish a certain exemption from licensure.. Description: BARBERS AND COSMETOLOGISTS -- Amends existing law to define terminology and to establish a certain exemption from licensure.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the release of certain liens.. Description: LIENS OF MECHANICS AND MATERIALMEN -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the release of certain liens.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise definitions regarding the basis of bearing as it pertains to plats and surveys.. Description: PLATS AND SURVEYS -- Amends existing law to revise definitions regarding the basis of bearing as it pertains to plats and surveys.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to remove an obsolete code section and references to that code section.. Description: LABOR -- Amends and repeals existing law to remove an obsolete code section and references to that code section.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to revise provisions regarding credit unions.. Description: CREDIT UNIONS -- Amends and repeals existing law to revise provisions regarding credit unions.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding personal service contracts and to establish provisions regarding personal service contracts.. Description: PURCHASING -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding personal service contracts and to establish provisions regarding personal service contracts.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide legislative findings and to define terms.. Description: URBAN AGRICULTURE -- Adds to existing law to provide legislative findings and to define terms.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to include instruction for current adoption practices.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends and adds to existing law to include instruction for current adoption practices.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding allowable expenses for a birth mother.. Description: ADOPTION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding allowable expenses for a birth mother.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide eligibility requirements and to provide for services.. Description: VETERANS CEMETERY -- Adds to existing law to provide eligibility requirements and to provide for services.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the preparation and filing of a budget request.. Description: STATE BUDGETS -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the preparation and filing of a budget request.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the council members to elect two cochairs.. Description: IDAHO COUNCIL ON INDIAN AFFAIRS -- Amends existing law to provide for the council members to elect two cochairs.
In 2024, Idaho enrolled a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that idle moneys may be invested in physical gold and silver in certain instances, to provide for storage of physical gold and silver, and to provide for a maximum allowed investment.. Description: STATE TREASURER -- Amends existing law to provide that idle moneys may be invested in physical gold and silver in certain instances, to provide for storage of physical gold and silver, and to provide for a maximum allowed investment.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the reemployment of certain retired members under certain circumstances.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to provide for the reemployment of certain retired members under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the number of registered electors required for a cemetery maintenance district to have commissioners elected at large.. Description: CEMETERY MAINTENANCE DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to revise the number of registered electors required for a cemetery maintenance district to have commissioners elected at large.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow for the establishment of specialty license plates for the benefit of the Idaho State Board of Education and to establish a Don't Tread on Me license plate to generate funds for an existing gun safety education program.. Description: LICENSE PLATES -- Amends existing law to allow for the establishment of specialty license plates for the benefit of the Idaho State Board of Education and to establish a Don't Tread on Me license plate to generate funds for an existing gun safety education program.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a weight restriction for owners of noncommercial vehicles to obtain special license plates.. Description: SPECIAL LICENSE PLATE PROGRAMS -- Amends existing law to remove a weight restriction for owners of noncommercial vehicles to obtain special license plates.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain maintenance of a public right-of-way shall not constitute upkeep or maintenance as a highway.. Description: DESIGNATION OF HIGHWAYS AND PUBLIC RIGHTS-OF-WAY -- Amends existing law to provide that certain maintenance of a public right-of-way shall not constitute upkeep or maintenance as a highway.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a disabled veteran may obtain disabled veteran license plates for up to two vehicles.. Description: DISABLED VETERAN LICENSE PLATES -- Amends existing law to provide that a disabled veteran may obtain disabled veteran license plates for up to two vehicles.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide requirements for launch and transport of conveyances and to provide that a portion of annual revenue deposited in the invasive species fund may be made available to counties, cities, and other local entities for certain equipment and supplies.. Description: INVASIVE SPECIES -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide requirements for launch and transport of conveyances and to provide that a portion of annual revenue deposited in the invasive species fund may be made available to counties, cities, and other local entities for certain equipment and supplies.
In 2024, Idaho enrolled a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise terminology and to clarify specified terms.. Description: PUBLIC UTILITIES -- Amends existing law to revise terminology and to clarify specified terms.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the crime of aggravated driving while reckless, to provide penalties, and to provide that evidence of conviction shall be admissible in a civil action for damages.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Adds to existing law to provide for the crime of aggravated driving while reckless, to provide penalties, and to provide that evidence of conviction shall be admissible in a civil action for damages.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the shielding of certain records regarding unlawful detainer.. Description: UNLAWFUL DETAINER -- Adds to existing law to provide for the shielding of certain records regarding unlawful detainer.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exemption for certain violations for licensed children's residential care facilities, registered children's institutions, and behavioral health youth crisis centers that provide emergency runaway services.. Description: RUNAWAYS -- Amends existing law to provide an exemption for certain violations for licensed children's residential care facilities, registered children's institutions, and behavioral health youth crisis centers that provide emergency runaway services.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for parental rights in medical decision-making.. Description: PARENTAL RIGHTS -- Adds to existing law to provide for parental rights in medical decision-making.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding irrigation district lands.. Description: IRRIGATION DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding irrigation district lands.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the modification of boundaries of divisions in irrigation districts.. Description: IRRIGATION DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to provide for the modification of boundaries of divisions in irrigation districts.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law regarding irrigation and drainage rights-of-way.. Description: RIGHTS-OF-WAY -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law regarding irrigation and drainage rights-of-way.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding common ground water supply for the Eastern Snake Plain Aquifer.. Description: WATER -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding common ground water supply for the Eastern Snake Plain Aquifer.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to exclude grazing leases from certain hearing requirements and to provide that all state lands may be leased for a period of up to 40 years for grazing leases.. Description: GRAZING LEASES -- Amends existing law to exclude grazing leases from certain hearing requirements and to provide that all state lands may be leased for a period of up to 40 years for grazing leases.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that there shall be no statute of limitations for the crime of incest.. Description: TIME OF COMMENCING CRIMINAL ACTIONS -- Amends existing law to provide that there shall be no statute of limitations for the crime of incest.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding collection of debts owed to a court.. Description: DEBTS OWED TO COURTS -- Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding collection of debts owed to a court.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for requirements regarding reporting for a sentencing hearing.. Description: JUVENILE CORRECTIONS ACT -- Amends existing law to provide for requirements regarding reporting for a sentencing hearing.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow for disclosure of deidentified health records for research and statistical purposes.. Description: MEDICAL RECORDS -- Amends existing law to allow for disclosure of deidentified health records for research and statistical purposes.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that a counselor or therapist practicing in Idaho shall not be required to counsel a client in support of goals, outcomes, or behaviors that conflict with the sincerely held religious, moral, or ethical principles of the counselor or therapist.. Description: COUNSELORS AND THERAPISTS -- Adds to existing law to provide that a counselor or therapist practicing in Idaho shall not be required to counsel a client in support of goals, outcomes, or behaviors that conflict with the sincerely held religious, moral, or ethical principles of the counselor or therapist.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish provisions for electroconvulsive treatment for children.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to establish provisions for electroconvulsive treatment for children.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish a medicaid legislative review panel.. Description: MEDICAID -- Adds to existing law to establish a medicaid legislative review panel.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain qualified expenses for the Empowering Parents Grant program will be reimbursed, to establish provisions for reimbursements, and to provide that unused funds may be forfeited by a participant.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that certain qualified expenses for the Empowering Parents Grant program will be reimbursed, to establish provisions for reimbursements, and to provide that unused funds may be forfeited by a participant.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to increase the Advanced Opportunities funding for both public school students and nonpublic school students, to remove a spending cap for certain eligible courses, and to revise provisions regarding the administration of the program for nonpublic school students.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to increase the Advanced Opportunities funding for both public school students and nonpublic school students, to remove a spending cap for certain eligible courses, and to revise provisions regarding the administration of the program for nonpublic school students.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require school district boards of trustees to adopt certain rules of procedure for the conduct of their meetings.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to require school district boards of trustees to adopt certain rules of procedure for the conduct of their meetings.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to allow public schools to display only certain flags and banners on school property and to prohibit schools from displaying certain flags and banners.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to allow public schools to display only certain flags and banners on school property and to prohibit schools from displaying certain flags and banners.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a brewer's license.. Description: BEER -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a brewer's license.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish a next of kin database and a procedure for next of kin to be notified in the event of certain emergency situations.. Description: DRIVER'S LICENSES -- Adds to existing law to establish a next of kin database and a procedure for next of kin to be notified in the event of certain emergency situations.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding public defense for indigent persons in this state.. Description: PUBLIC DEFENSE -- Amends and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding public defense for indigent persons in this state.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit adoption placement or advertisement by unlicensed entities.. Description: ADOPTION -- Amends existing law to prohibit adoption placement or advertisement by unlicensed entities.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a penalty for vehicular manslaughter.. Description: MANSLAUGHTER -- Amends existing law to revise a penalty for vehicular manslaughter.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding presidential primaries, primary election dates, and candidate filing deadlines.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding presidential primaries, primary election dates, and candidate filing deadlines.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Soil and Water Conservation Commission for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SOIL AND WATER CONSERVATION COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Soil and Water Conservation Commission for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding concealed weapons on certain property owned by the State of Idaho.. Description: CONCEALED WEAPONS -- Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding concealed weapons on certain property owned by the State of Idaho.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exception for certain public officials for the use of public property or resources while advocating for or against an initiative or referendum.. Description: PUBLIC OFFICIALS -- Amends existing law to provide an exception for certain public officials for the use of public property or resources while advocating for or against an initiative or referendum.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require paid signature gatherers to disclose that they are being paid and to revise provisions regarding the collection of signatures for ballot measures.. Description: BALLOT MEASURES -- Amends existing law to require paid signature gatherers to disclose that they are being paid and to revise provisions regarding the collection of signatures for ballot measures.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the salary of the justices of the Supreme Court.. Description: SALARIES OF JUDGES -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the salary of the justices of the Supreme Court.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the placement of a child in congregate care settings.. Description: CONGREGATE CARE -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the placement of a child in congregate care settings.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the Office of Health and Social Services ombudsman.. Description: HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the Office of Health and Social Services ombudsman.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding licenses issued to resort city restaurants.. Description: LIQUOR -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding licenses issued to resort city restaurants.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Fish and Game for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF FISH AND GAME -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Fish and Game for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Utilities Commission for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Utilities Commission for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO COMMISSION FOR LIBRARIES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Historical Society for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE HISTORICAL SOCIETY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Historical Society for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Lieutenant Governor for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Lieutenant Governor for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “in-demand careers” for the Idaho Launch Grant program.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “in-demand careers” for the Idaho Launch Grant program.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain distribution of funds to public charter schools.. Description: PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS -- Amends existing law to provide for certain distribution of funds to public charter schools.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain distribution of funds to public charter schools.. Description: PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS -- Amends existing law to provide for certain distribution of funds to public charter schools.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding voting machines, certain duties of election officials, and the payment of election expenses by counties and provides for public voting machine accuracy tests.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding voting machines, certain duties of election officials, and the payment of election expenses by counties and provides for public voting machine accuracy tests.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding medical records and costs.. Description: MEDICAL RECORDS -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding medical records and costs.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the to the Department of Insurance for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF INSURANCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the to the Department of Insurance for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Lottery for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE LOTTERY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Lottery for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to Idaho Public Television for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO PUBLIC TELEVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to Idaho Public Television for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Industrial Commission for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Industrial Commission for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Treasurer for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TREASURER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Treasurer for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Veterans Services for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF VETERANS SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Veterans Services for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding comprehensive plans and areas of impact.. Description: PLANNING AND ZONING -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding comprehensive plans and areas of impact.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Finance for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Finance for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Hispanic Affairs for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON HISPANIC AFFAIRS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Hispanic Affairs for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Independent Living Council for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE INDEPENDENT LIVING COUNCIL -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Independent Living Council for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE CONTROLLER -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Employee Retirement System for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PERSI -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Employee Retirement System for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands and the Endowment Fund Investment Board for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE BOARD OF LAND COMMISSIONERS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands and the Endowment Fund Investment Board for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF WATER RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise a provision regarding a false report of explosives and to provide for the crime of false reports of violence or emergency in public or private places.. Description: FIREARMS, EXPLOSIVES, AND OTHER DEADLY WEAPONS -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise a provision regarding a false report of explosives and to provide for the crime of false reports of violence or emergency in public or private places.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Labor for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF LABOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Labor for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish a presidential preference primary election.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Adds to existing law to establish a presidential preference primary election.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to transfer the Emergency Medical Services Bureau to within the Office of Emergency Management, to designate EMS as an essential government service, and to create the Emergency Medical Services Sustainability Fund.. Description: EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES -- Amends existing law to transfer the Emergency Medical Services Bureau to within the Office of Emergency Management, to designate EMS as an essential government service, and to create the Emergency Medical Services Sustainability Fund.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Administrative Hearings for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATIVE HEARINGS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Administrative Hearings for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a license to retail liquor and to establish provisions regarding the transfer and issuance of a license.. Description: LIQUOR -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a license to retail liquor and to establish provisions regarding the transfer and issuance of a license.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Public Defender for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE STATE PUBLIC DEFENDER -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Public Defender for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE APPELLATE PUBLIC DEFENDER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- FAMILY AND COMMUNITY SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify that military retirement benefits are exempt regardless of the age or disability status of the retired military member or such member's widow or widower.. Description: INCOME TAXES -- Amends existing law to clarify that military retirement benefits are exempt regardless of the age or disability status of the retired military member or such member's widow or widower.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding petitions for waivers of or variances from certain occupational licensing requirements and practices.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding petitions for waivers of or variances from certain occupational licensing requirements and practices.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission of Pardons and Parole for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION OF PARDONS AND PAROLE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission of Pardons and Parole for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Juvenile Corrections for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF JUVENILE CORRECTIONS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Juvenile Corrections for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Attorney General for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Attorney General for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE POLICE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Behavioral Health Services Division for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Behavioral Health Services Division for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the minimum and maximum distribution amounts for school districts from the School Modernization Facilities Fund.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise the minimum and maximum distribution amounts for school districts from the School Modernization Facilities Fund.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF OCCUPATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL LICENSES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to clarify the duties of the state board of land commissioners in the lease of state endowment trust lands, to require bonds under certain circumstances, and to provide for rulemaking.. Description: ENDOWMENT TRUST LANDS -- Adds to existing law to clarify the duties of the state board of land commissioners in the lease of state endowment trust lands, to require bonds under certain circumstances, and to provide for rulemaking.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Services Office for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LEGISLATIVE SERVICES OFFICE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Services Office for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation and transfer of moneys to the General Fund for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Relates to the appropriation and transfer of moneys to the General Fund for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the eligibility of school districts for School Modernization Facilities Fund distributions and to require Senate approval of a certain Board of Education gubernatorial appointment.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the eligibility of school districts for School Modernization Facilities Fund distributions and to require Senate approval of a certain Board of Education gubernatorial appointment.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- OTHER PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- MEDICAID -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands and the Office of the Attorney General for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF LANDS -- OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands and the Office of the Attorney General for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating the findings of the Legislature and urging the United States Congress to pass the Hearing Protection Act.. Description: SUPPRESSORS -- Stating the findings of the Legislature and urging the United States Congress to pass the Hearing Protection Act.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Health and Social Services Ombudsman and the Department of Health and Welfare for Indirect Support Services for fiscal year 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES OMBUDSMAN -- DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND WELFARE FOR INDIRECT SUPPORT SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Health and Social Services Ombudsman and the Department of Health and Welfare for Indirect Support Services for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- WELFARE DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Provides for a joint session of the House and Senate to hear a message from the Governor.. Description: GOVERNOR'S ADDRESS -- Provides for a joint session of the House and Senate to hear a message from the Governor.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Proposes an amendment to Joint Rule 11 to provide that the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee shall be cochairmen of the Joint Finance-Appropriations Committee.. Description: JOINT RULE 11 -- Proposes an amendment to Joint Rule 11 to provide that the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee shall be cochairmen of the Joint Finance-Appropriations Committee.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: A proclamation commending Douglas Robert Gwin for his service to the United States as a high-speed radio operator during World War II.. Description: DOUGLAS ROBERT GWIN -- A proclamation commending Douglas Robert Gwin for his service to the United States as a high-speed radio operator during World War II.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and encourages the Idaho State Department of Education to review and consider the adoption of age-appropriate Holocaust education in school districts and public charter schools.. Description: HOLOCAUST EDUCATION -- States findings of the Legislature and encourages the Idaho State Department of Education to review and consider the adoption of age-appropriate Holocaust education in school districts and public charter schools.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature regarding the University of Idaho's proposed affiliation with the University of Phoenix and authorizes the Speaker of the House and the President Pro Tempore to act as agents of the Legislature in a potential legal action.. Description: EDUCATION -- States findings of the Legislature regarding the University of Idaho's proposed affiliation with the University of Phoenix and authorizes the Speaker of the House and the President Pro Tempore to act as agents of the Legislature in a potential legal action.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature, directs the Department of Insurance to collect certain data, and recognizes October 9, 2024, as PANDAS/PANS Awareness Day.. Description: HEALTH -- States findings of the Legislature, directs the Department of Insurance to collect certain data, and recognizes October 9, 2024, as PANDAS/PANS Awareness Day.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and commends Special Deputy Paul Nettleton on his 50 years of exemplary service to the Owyhee County Sheriff's Office and the people of Owyhee County.. Description: PAUL NETTLETON -- States findings of the Legislature and commends Special Deputy Paul Nettleton on his 50 years of exemplary service to the Owyhee County Sheriff's Office and the people of Owyhee County.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and rejects certain rules of the Department of Administration relating to Rules of the Division of Purchasing.. Description: RULE REJECTION -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- States findings of the Legislature and rejects certain rules of the Department of Administration relating to Rules of the Division of Purchasing.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and directs the Department of Health and Welfare to develop, apply for, and report on waivers for Medicaid and to develop work requirements for waivers.. Description: MEDICAID -- States findings of the Legislature and directs the Department of Health and Welfare to develop, apply for, and report on waivers for Medicaid and to develop work requirements for waivers.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and declares the years 2024 through 2027 as the period of commemoration for America250 in Idaho.. Description: SEMIQUINCENTENNIAL -- States findings of the Legislature and declares the years 2024 through 2027 as the period of commemoration for America250 in Idaho.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the State Board of Education reviewed by the House Education Committee, with an exception.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE EDUCATION COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the State Board of Education reviewed by the House Education Committee, with an exception.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the State Tax Commission reviewed by the House Revenue and Taxation Committee and the Senate Local Government and Taxation Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE REVENUE AND TAXATION AND SENATE LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND TAXATION COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the State Tax Commission reviewed by the House Revenue and Taxation Committee and the Senate Local Government and Taxation Committee.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Board of Tax Appeals reviewed by the House Revenue and Taxation Committee, with exceptions.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE REVENUE AND TAXATION COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Board of Tax Appeals reviewed by the House Revenue and Taxation Committee, with exceptions.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and recognizes Mother's Day through Father's Day as Traditional Family Values Month to raise awareness about the challenges facing traditional families and the alarming rate at which the traditional American family is declining.. Description: TRADITIONAL FAMILY VALUES MONTH -- States findings of the Legislature and recognizes Mother's Day through Father's Day as Traditional Family Values Month to raise awareness about the challenges facing traditional families and the alarming rate at which the traditional American family is declining.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho Department of Lands reviewed by the House Resources and Conservation Committee, with an exception.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE RESOURCES AND CONSERVATION COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho Department of Lands reviewed by the House Resources and Conservation Committee, with an exception.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide requirements for postelection audits ordered by the Secretary of State.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to provide requirements for postelection audits ordered by the Secretary of State.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Environmental Quality reviewed by the House Environment, Energy, and Technology Committee and the Senate Resources and Environment Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE ENVIRONMENT, ENERGY, AND TECHNOLOGY AND SENATE RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Environmental Quality reviewed by the House Environment, Energy, and Technology Committee and the Senate Resources and Environment Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending and temporary rules of the Department of Health and Welfare and the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the House Health and Welfare Committee and the Senate Health and Welfare Committee, with exceptions.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE HEALTH AND WELFARE AND SENATE HEALTH AND WELFARE COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending and temporary rules of the Department of Health and Welfare and the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the House Health and Welfare Committee and the Senate Health and Welfare Committee, with exceptions.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Health and Welfare reviewed by the House Health and Welfare Committee, with an exception.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE HEALTH AND WELFARE COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Health and Welfare reviewed by the House Health and Welfare Committee, with an exception.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Agriculture, the Idaho State Police State Brand Board, the Division of Occupational Licenses, and the Idaho Potato Commission reviewed by the House Agricultural Affairs Committee and the Senate Agricultural Affairs Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE AGRICULTURAL AFFAIRS AND SENATE AGRICULTURAL AFFAIRS COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Agriculture, the Idaho State Police State Brand Board, the Division of Occupational Licenses, and the Idaho Potato Commission reviewed by the House Agricultural Affairs Committee and the Senate Agricultural Affairs Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Juvenile Corrections, the Idaho State Police, the Commission of Pardons and Parole, and the Office of Administrative Hearings reviewed by the House Judiciary, Rules and Administration Committee and the Senate Judiciary and Rules Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE JUDICIARY, RULES AND ADMINISTRATION AND SENATE JUDICIARY AND RULES COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Juvenile Corrections, the Idaho State Police, the Commission of Pardons and Parole, and the Office of Administrative Hearings reviewed by the House Judiciary, Rules and Administration Committee and the Senate Judiciary and Rules Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and rejects and does not approve pending rules of the Department of Juvenile Corrections reviewed by the House Judiciary, Rules, and Administration Committee and the Senate Judiciary and Rules Committee.. Description: RULE REJECTION -- HOUSE JUDICIARY, RULES, AND ADMINISTRATION AND SENATE JUDICIARY AND RULES COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and rejects and does not approve pending rules of the Department of Juvenile Corrections reviewed by the House Judiciary, Rules, and Administration Committee and the Senate Judiciary and Rules Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Environmental Quality reviewed by the House Environment, Energy, and Technology Committee and the Senate Resources and Environment Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE ENVIRONMENT, ENERGY, AND TECHNOLOGY AND SENATE RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Environmental Quality reviewed by the House Environment, Energy, and Technology Committee and the Senate Resources and Environment Committee.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require that certain information be provided on all property valuation assessment notices.. Description: PROPERTY VALUATION NOTICES -- Amends existing law to require that certain information be provided on all property valuation assessment notices.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Board of Tax Appeals reviewed by the House Revenue and Taxation Committee and the Senate Local Government and Taxation Committee, with exceptions.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE REVENUE AND TAXATION AND SENATE LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND TAXATION COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Board of Tax Appeals reviewed by the House Revenue and Taxation Committee and the Senate Local Government and Taxation Committee, with exceptions.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and adopts pending rules of the Department of Finance, the Department of Insurance, and the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the House Business Committee and the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE BUSINESS AND SENATE COMMERCE AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and adopts pending rules of the Department of Finance, the Department of Insurance, and the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the House Business Committee and the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho Department of Lands reviewed by the House Resources and Conservation Committee and the Senate Resources and Environment Committee, with an exception.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE RESOURCES AND CONSERVATION AND SENATE RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho Department of Lands reviewed by the House Resources and Conservation Committee and the Senate Resources and Environment Committee, with an exception.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves a recess of the Legislature April 4 through April 9, reconvening on April 10.. Description: SESSION RECESS -- States findings of the Legislature and approves a recess of the Legislature April 4 through April 9, reconvening on April 10.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Racing Commission, the Idaho State Liquor Division, the Idaho Public Utilities Commission, and the Endowment Fund Investment Board reviewed by the House State Affairs Committee and the Senate State Affairs Committee, with an exception.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE AND SENATE STATE AFFAIRS COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Racing Commission, the Idaho State Liquor Division, the Idaho Public Utilities Commission, and the Endowment Fund Investment Board reviewed by the House State Affairs Committee and the Senate State Affairs Committee, with an exception.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the State Board of Education to commence preliminary conversations with the state of Utah to establish an operating agreement for Idaho students to participate in Utah's veterinary program.. Description: VETERINARIANS -- States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the State Board of Education to commence preliminary conversations with the state of Utah to establish an operating agreement for Idaho students to participate in Utah's veterinary program.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and declares support for the development of clean and safe nuclear energy.. Description: ENERGY -- States findings of the Legislature and declares support for the development of clean and safe nuclear energy.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature, declares the importance of civics education, and supports teaching responsible citizenship in Idaho public schools.. Description: EDUCATION -- States findings of the Legislature, declares the importance of civics education, and supports teaching responsible citizenship in Idaho public schools.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature honoring and commending Lieutenant General Erik Peterson and declares March 31, 2024, as Lieutenant General Erik Peterson Day.. Description: LIEUTENANT GENERAL ERIK PETERSON -- States findings of the Legislature honoring and commending Lieutenant General Erik Peterson and declares March 31, 2024, as Lieutenant General Erik Peterson Day.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and adopts rules of the Joint Finance-Appropriations Committee for the 2024 legislative session and throughout the 2024 interim period.. Description: JOINT FINANCE-APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and adopts rules of the Joint Finance-Appropriations Committee for the 2024 legislative session and throughout the 2024 interim period.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho Transportation Department reviewed by the Senate Transportation Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE TRANSPORTATION COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho Transportation Department reviewed by the Senate Transportation Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Police and the Idaho Transportation Department reviewed by the Senate Transportation Committee and the House Transportation and Defense Committee, with an exception.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE TRANSPORTATION AND HOUSE TRANSPORTATION AND DEFENSE COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Police and the Idaho Transportation Department reviewed by the Senate Transportation Committee and the House Transportation and Defense Committee, with an exception.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the State Board of Education and the State Board of Career Technical Education reviewed by the Senate Education Committee and the House Education Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE EDUCATION AND HOUSE EDUCATION COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the State Board of Education and the State Board of Career Technical Education reviewed by the Senate Education Committee and the House Education Committee.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the State Board of Education reviewed by the Senate Education Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE EDUCATION COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the State Board of Education reviewed by the Senate Education Committee.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Board of Tax Appeals reviewed by the Senate Local Government and Taxation Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND TAXATION COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Board of Tax Appeals reviewed by the Senate Local Government and Taxation Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the Senate Health and Welfare Committee and the House Environment, Energy, and Technology Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE HEALTH AND WELFARE AND HOUSE ENVIRONMENT, ENERGY, AND TECHNOLOGY COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the Senate Health and Welfare Committee and the House Environment, Energy, and Technology Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Environmental Quality reviewed by the Senate Resources and Environment Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Environmental Quality reviewed by the Senate Resources and Environment Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho Department of Fish and Game, the Idaho Department of Lands, the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses, the Department of Parks and Recreation, and the Idaho Department of Water Resources reviewed by the Senate Resources and Environment Committee and the House Resources and Conservation Committee, with exceptions.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT AND HOUSE RESOURCES AND CONSERVATION COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho Department of Fish and Game, the Idaho Department of Lands, the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses, the Department of Parks and Recreation, and the Idaho Department of Water Resources reviewed by the Senate Resources and Environment Committee and the House Resources and Conservation Committee, with exceptions.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho Department of Lands reviewed by the Senate Resources and Environment Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho Department of Lands reviewed by the Senate Resources and Environment Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Health and Welfare reviewed by the Senate Health and Welfare Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE HEALTH AND WELFARE COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Department of Health and Welfare reviewed by the Senate Health and Welfare Committee.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Division of Human Resources and Personnel Commission, the Idaho Industrial Commission, and the Public Employees Retirement System of Idaho reviewed by the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee and the House Commerce and Human Resources Committee, with exceptions.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE COMMERCE AND HUMAN RESOURCES AND HOUSE COMMERCE AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Division of Human Resources and Personnel Commission, the Idaho Industrial Commission, and the Public Employees Retirement System of Idaho reviewed by the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee and the House Commerce and Human Resources Committee, with exceptions.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Racing Commission, the Idaho State Liquor Division, the Idaho Public Utilities Commission, and the Endowment Fund Investment Board reviewed by the Senate State Affairs Committee and the House State Affairs Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE STATE AFFAIRS AND HOUSE STATE AFFAIRS COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Racing Commission, the Idaho State Liquor Division, the Idaho Public Utilities Commission, and the Endowment Fund Investment Board reviewed by the Senate State Affairs Committee and the House State Affairs Committee.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Lottery Commission reviewed by the Senate State Affairs Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE STATE AFFAIRS COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Idaho State Lottery Commission reviewed by the Senate State Affairs Committee.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses and the Department of Insurance reviewed by the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee, with an exception.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE COMMERCE AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses and the Department of Insurance reviewed by the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee, with an exception.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee and the House Business Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE COMMERCE AND HUMAN RESOURCES AND HOUSE BUSINESS COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves pending rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee and the House Business Committee.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and denounces racism and hate speech.. Description: DENOUNCE RACISM AND HATE SPEECH -- States findings of the Legislature and denounces racism and hate speech.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that individuals who are not citizens of the United States cannot vote in any election in the State of Idaho.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to provide that individuals who are not citizens of the United States cannot vote in any election in the State of Idaho.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Proposes an amendment to the state constitution to limit the length of any extraordinary or special session of the Legislature.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- Proposes an amendment to the state constitution to limit the length of any extraordinary or special session of the Legislature.
In 2024, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and opposes the Bureau of Land Management's proposed rule entitled “Conservation and Landscape Health.”. Description: LANDS -- States findings of the Legislature and opposes the Bureau of Land Management's proposed rule entitled “Conservation and Landscape Health.”
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and requests the President of the United States and the Senate and the House of Representatives of the United States take action to secure the border, to stop illegal immigration, and to adopt and implement targeted immigration reform.. Description: IMMIGRATION -- States findings of the Legislature and requests the President of the United States and the Senate and the House of Representatives of the United States take action to secure the border, to stop illegal immigration, and to adopt and implement targeted immigration reform.
In 2024, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and opposes the removal or breaching of the dams on the Columbia-Snake River system and its tributaries.. Description: WATER -- States findings of the Legislature and opposes the removal or breaching of the dams on the Columbia-Snake River system and its tributaries.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise definitions and to remove requirements regarding supervisory registration.. Description: PHYSICIANS AND PHYSICIAN ASSISTANTS -- Amends existing law to revise definitions and to remove requirements regarding supervisory registration.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding controlled substances.. Description: UNIFORM CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding controlled substances.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the Food Stamp Revolving Fund, which is no longer in use.. Description: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE -- Repeals existing law relating to the Food Stamp Revolving Fund, which is no longer in use.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to disqualify a driver convicted of human trafficking from holding a commercial driver's license for a specified period.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to disqualify a driver convicted of human trafficking from holding a commercial driver's license for a specified period.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for temporary vehicle permits pursuant to board rule.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide for temporary vehicle permits pursuant to board rule.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the electronic renewal of commercial driver's licenses and to provide for the sharing of residency information between the Idaho State Tax Commission and the Idaho Transportation Department.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide for the electronic renewal of commercial driver's licenses and to provide for the sharing of residency information between the Idaho State Tax Commission and the Idaho Transportation Department.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to an obsolete provision regarding the American Trucking Association Settlement Fund.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Repeals existing law relating to an obsolete provision regarding the American Trucking Association Settlement Fund.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the use of private moneys for the purpose of election administration.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the use of private moneys for the purpose of election administration.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove obsolete language and to clarify language regarding certain personnel practices.. Description: HUMAN RESOURCES DIVISION -- Amends existing law to remove obsolete language and to clarify language regarding certain personnel practices.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for correct references to the Division of Human Resources, to allow for pay increases, and to remove a provision regarding hearings before the division.. Description: HUMAN RESOURCES -- Amends existing law to provide for correct references to the Division of Human Resources, to allow for pay increases, and to remove a provision regarding hearings before the division.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the hiring of employees under approved apprenticeship programs.. Description: DIVISION OF HUMAN RESOURCES -- Amends existing law to provide for the hiring of employees under approved apprenticeship programs.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “overtime work.”. Description: STATE PERSONNEL SYSTEM -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “overtime work.”
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a sunset clause from a provision that makes psychological injuries suffered by first responders compensable.. Description: WORKER'S COMPENSATION -- Amends existing law to remove a sunset clause from a provision that makes psychological injuries suffered by first responders compensable.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “Internal Revenue Code.”. Description: TAXATION -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “Internal Revenue Code.”
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the withholding of sales and use tax from city and county governments in certain instances.. Description: SALES AND USE TAX -- Adds to existing law to provide for the withholding of sales and use tax from city and county governments in certain instances.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to replace references to the Division of Building Safety with the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL LICENSES -- Amends existing law to replace references to the Division of Building Safety with the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Launch Grant Program and to revise provisions regarding the In-Demand Careers Fund.. Description: WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT -- Amends and adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Launch Grant Program and to revise provisions regarding the In-Demand Careers Fund.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to authorize the director of the Department of Administration to control the use of the roadways adjoining the Capitol building.. Description: CAPITOL BUILDING AND GROUNDS -- Adds to existing law to authorize the director of the Department of Administration to control the use of the roadways adjoining the Capitol building.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certified medication assistants.. Description: NURSES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certified medication assistants.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding who may be present at sessions of a grand jury.. Description: GRAND JURIES -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding who may be present at sessions of a grand jury.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define “unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.”. Description: PUBLIC RECORDS -- Amends existing law to define “unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.”
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify the uses that may be made of certain funds by special purpose taxing districts.. Description: SALES TAX -- Amends existing law to clarify the uses that may be made of certain funds by special purpose taxing districts.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “daylight hours” with respect to certain drivers.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “daylight hours” with respect to certain drivers.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the issuance of special placards together with disabled veteran license plates.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide for the issuance of special placards together with disabled veteran license plates.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove school bond and levy election dates in August and March.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to remove school bond and levy election dates in August and March.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the income tax credit for capital investment.. Description: INCOME TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the income tax credit for capital investment.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding application of use taxes to articles acquired more than 90 days prior.. Description: USE TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding application of use taxes to articles acquired more than 90 days prior.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for mental and behavioral health care.. Description: TELEHEALTH ACCESS ACT -- Adds to existing law to provide for mental and behavioral health care.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that no counselor or therapist will be required to counsel or serve a client regarding goals, outcomes, or behaviors that conflict with the sincerely held principles of the counselor or therapist.. Description: COUNSELORS AND THERAPISTS -- Adds to existing law to provide that no counselor or therapist will be required to counsel or serve a client regarding goals, outcomes, or behaviors that conflict with the sincerely held principles of the counselor or therapist.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a residential care or assisted living facility resident shall be entitled to in-person visitation subject to certain precautions.. Description: RESIDENTIAL CARE AND ASSISTED LIVING -- Amends existing law to provide that a residential care or assisted living facility resident shall be entitled to in-person visitation subject to certain precautions.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding obsolete websites.. Description: NOTICES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding obsolete websites.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that reporting child abuse, abandonment, or neglect falsely is a misdemeanor.. Description: CRIME -- Adds to existing law to provide that reporting child abuse, abandonment, or neglect falsely is a misdemeanor.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to remove the Joint Legislative Oversight Committee, to place the Office of Performance Evaluations under the Legislative Council, and to revise the office's duties.. Description: OFFICE OF PERFORMANCE EVALUATIONS -- Amends and repeals existing law to remove the Joint Legislative Oversight Committee, to place the Office of Performance Evaluations under the Legislative Council, and to revise the office's duties.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to revise provisions affected by the repeal of the County Indigent Program and the Catastrophic Health Care Cost Program.. Description: COUNTY INDIGENT SERVICES AND FINANCES -- Amends and repeals existing law to revise provisions affected by the repeal of the County Indigent Program and the Catastrophic Health Care Cost Program.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding vulnerable child protection.. Description: VULNERABLE CHILD PROTECTION ACT -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding vulnerable child protection.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to authorize counseling services to an adult receiving service through a drug or mental health court.. Description: DRUG COURTS AND MENTAL HEALTH COURTS -- Adds to existing law to authorize counseling services to an adult receiving service through a drug or mental health court.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for attorney licensure by the Idaho Supreme Court, to prohibit additional methods of demonstrating competency to qualify for universal licensure, to provide for conditional licensure under certain conditions, and to provide for universal work recognition.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for attorney licensure by the Idaho Supreme Court, to prohibit additional methods of demonstrating competency to qualify for universal licensure, to provide for conditional licensure under certain conditions, and to provide for universal work recognition.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding evidence of a taxpayer's expenditures.. Description: INCOME TAX -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding evidence of a taxpayer's expenditures.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to enact the Idaho Dietary Supplement Act, which provides that the production, marketing, distribution, sale, and use of dietary supplements that were legal as of July 1, 2022, in Idaho shall remain legal in Idaho, regardless of any changes to federal law or regulation.. Description: IDAHO DIETARY SUPPLEMENT ACT -- Adds to existing law to enact the Idaho Dietary Supplement Act, which provides that the production, marketing, distribution, sale, and use of dietary supplements that were legal as of July 1, 2022, in Idaho shall remain legal in Idaho, regardless of any changes to federal law or regulation.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise eligibility requirements for the Conrad J-1 Visa Waiver Program and the National Interest Waiver Program.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to revise eligibility requirements for the Conrad J-1 Visa Waiver Program and the National Interest Waiver Program.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the same county services administrative fee for all title transactions.. Description: COUNTIES -- Amends existing law to provide for the same county services administrative fee for all title transactions.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to limit funding regarding the Transportation Expansion and Congestion Mitigation Fund to the expansion of travel lanes and congestion mitigation.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to limit funding regarding the Transportation Expansion and Congestion Mitigation Fund to the expansion of travel lanes and congestion mitigation.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the filling of a vacancy on a council and to provide for the filling of a vacancy in certain instances.. Description: CITY COUNCILS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the filling of a vacancy on a council and to provide for the filling of a vacancy in certain instances.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding electronic publication of legal notices.. Description: LEGAL NOTICES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding electronic publication of legal notices.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to require financial literacy courses in certain grades.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to require financial literacy courses in certain grades.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding motor vehicles eligible for biennial registration.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLE REGISTRATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding motor vehicles eligible for biennial registration.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding county duties associated with certain notices.. Description: NOXIOUS WEEDS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding county duties associated with certain notices.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify that animal remedies for certain animals that include ingredients from industrial hemp are not considered adulterated.. Description: COMMERCIAL FEED -- Amends existing law to clarify that animal remedies for certain animals that include ingredients from industrial hemp are not considered adulterated.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the promotion and development of clean energy resources for declared purposes, to revise provisions regarding powers of the Idaho Energy Resources Authority, and to provide for clean energy generation projects.. Description: ENERGY RESOURCES -- Amends existing law to provide for the promotion and development of clean energy resources for declared purposes, to revise provisions regarding powers of the Idaho Energy Resources Authority, and to provide for clean energy generation projects.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide that all state officers and agencies shall report agreements entered into to the State Controller.. Description: STATE CONTROLLER -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide that all state officers and agencies shall report agreements entered into to the State Controller.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the distribution of sales tax to certain special purpose taxing districts.. Description: SALES TAX -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the distribution of sales tax to certain special purpose taxing districts.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for advancements in pay based on certain factors and to provide for retention bonuses in certain circumstances.. Description: HUMAN RESOURCES -- Amends existing law to provide for advancements in pay based on certain factors and to provide for retention bonuses in certain circumstances.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the assumption of risk and legal responsibility by recreational participants for injuries associated with recreational activities in state parks.. Description: RECREATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for the assumption of risk and legal responsibility by recreational participants for injuries associated with recreational activities in state parks.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit any type of local government entity from restricting certain types of utility connections.. Description: PROHIBITIONS ON UTILITY CONNECTIONS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit any type of local government entity from restricting certain types of utility connections.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the unique design elements of radio amateur license plates.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Amends existing law to provide for the unique design elements of radio amateur license plates.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise committee members, to allow for certain distributions of appropriated moneys, to require certain distributions, and to authorize certain funding increases.. Description: EDUCATION OPPORTUNITY RESOURCE COMMITTEE -- Amends existing law to revise committee members, to allow for certain distributions of appropriated moneys, to require certain distributions, and to authorize certain funding increases.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding certain procedures for charter and virtual schools.. Description: CHARTER SCHOOLS -- Amends existing law regarding certain procedures for charter and virtual schools.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the deadline for submitting sales tax and withholding tax returns.. Description: TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise the deadline for submitting sales tax and withholding tax returns.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding automatic subscription renewal cancellation.. Description: CONSUMER PROTECTION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding automatic subscription renewal cancellation.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding release from registration requirements.. Description: SEXUAL OFFENDER REGISTRATION -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding release from registration requirements.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding flood control district commissioners.. Description: FLOOD DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding flood control district commissioners.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to revise provisions regarding the Oil and Gas Conservation Commission, spacing units, oil and gas wells, the integration of tracts, reporting requirements, public data, confidentiality of well and trade information, rules, and royalties and to provide for minimum surface use bonds.. Description: OIL AND GAS -- Amends and repeals existing law to revise provisions regarding the Oil and Gas Conservation Commission, spacing units, oil and gas wells, the integration of tracts, reporting requirements, public data, confidentiality of well and trade information, rules, and royalties and to provide for minimum surface use bonds.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding accepted voter identification at the polls.. Description: VOTERS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding accepted voter identification at the polls.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the date by which a write-in candidate shall file a declaration of intent.. Description: CANDIDATES -- Amends existing law to revise the date by which a write-in candidate shall file a declaration of intent.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding termination, cancellation, and renewal of franchise agreements and related protests, hearings, and costs.. Description: DEALERS AND SALESMEN LICENSING -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding termination, cancellation, and renewal of franchise agreements and related protests, hearings, and costs.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish a strategic initiatives grant program.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to establish a strategic initiatives grant program.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends House Bill 51 to provide an effective date of January 1, 2024.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends House Bill 51 to provide an effective date of January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to consolidate presidential primaries with the primary election.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends and repeals existing law to consolidate presidential primaries with the primary election.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for catalytic converters and certain valuable metals.. Description: SCRAP DEALERS -- Amends existing law to provide for catalytic converters and certain valuable metals.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a fur buyer license and to revise provisions regarding taxidermist and fur buyer licenses.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends existing law to provide for a fur buyer license and to revise provisions regarding taxidermist and fur buyer licenses.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for trapping license certificates.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends existing law to provide for trapping license certificates.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that criminal history records shall be shielded from disclosure under certain circumstances.. Description: CRIMINAL HISTORY RECORDS -- Amends existing law to provide that criminal history records shall be shielded from disclosure under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for limited licenses for medical school graduates who are not accepted into a residency program.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Adds to existing law to provide for limited licenses for medical school graduates who are not accepted into a residency program.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit requiring, for certain purposes, a COVID-19 vaccine or a vaccine offered under emergency use authorization.. Description: HEALTH -- Adds to existing law to prohibit requiring, for certain purposes, a COVID-19 vaccine or a vaccine offered under emergency use authorization.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to classify rattlesnakes as predatory wildlife.. Description: PREDATORY WILDLIFE -- Amends existing law to classify rattlesnakes as predatory wildlife.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that charging a fee for any statement of a unit owner's or member's account is a violation of specified law.. Description: CONDOMINIUMS AND HOMEOWNER'S ASSOCIATIONS -- Amends existing law to provide that charging a fee for any statement of a unit owner's or member's account is a violation of specified law.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding work requirements for participants in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.. Description: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE -- Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding work requirements for participants in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise terminology and other provisions regarding virtual health care.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise terminology and other provisions regarding virtual health care.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain disclosures and school policies.. Description: PARENTAL RIGHTS -- Amends existing law to provide for certain disclosures and school policies.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit certain kinds of restrictions on internal accessory dwelling units.. Description: ACCESSORY DWELLING UNITS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit certain kinds of restrictions on internal accessory dwelling units.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish procedures to verify the integrity of the employment security program.. Description: EMPLOYMENT SECURITY PROGRAM -- Adds to existing law to establish procedures to verify the integrity of the employment security program.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit state agencies from donating to or sponsoring a nongovernmental event or organization and to provide exceptions.. Description: STATE GOVERNMENT -- Adds to existing law to prohibit state agencies from donating to or sponsoring a nongovernmental event or organization and to provide exceptions.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends Laws of 2022 to change the effective date for the new income tax rates to January 1, 2023.. Description: INCOME TAXES -- Amends Laws of 2022 to change the effective date for the new income tax rates to January 1, 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a foreign government or foreign state-controlled enterprise shall not purchase, acquire, or hold any interest in certain types of property in Idaho.. Description: PROPERTY -- Amends existing law to provide that a foreign government or foreign state-controlled enterprise shall not purchase, acquire, or hold any interest in certain types of property in Idaho.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that agency policy statements and guidance documents shall not have the force and effect of law.. Description: ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE ACT -- Adds to existing law to provide that agency policy statements and guidance documents shall not have the force and effect of law.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit the use of ranked choice voting in Idaho.. Description: VOTING -- Adds to existing law to prohibit the use of ranked choice voting in Idaho.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that idle moneys may be invested in physical gold and silver in certain instances.. Description: STATE TREASURER -- Amends existing law to provide that idle moneys may be invested in physical gold and silver in certain instances.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding advanced opportunities.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding advanced opportunities.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding prayer.. Description: ESTABLISHMENT CLAUSE AND FREE SPEECH COMPLIANCE -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding prayer.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define “congestion mitigation.”. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to define “congestion mitigation.”
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for execution by firing squad and to provide for certain requirements prior to an execution.. Description: METHODS OF EXECUTION -- Amends existing law to provide for execution by firing squad and to provide for certain requirements prior to an execution.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to provide authority to administer CPR or use an automated external defibrillator and to provide legal immunity.. Description: HEALTH -- Repeals and adds to existing law to provide authority to administer CPR or use an automated external defibrillator and to provide legal immunity.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to enact the Revised Unclaimed Property Act.. Description: REVISED UNCLAIMED PROPERTY ACT -- Repeals and adds to existing law to enact the Revised Unclaimed Property Act.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit public contracts with companies that boycott certain business sectors.. Description: STATE GOVERNMENT AND STATE AFFAIRS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit public contracts with companies that boycott certain business sectors.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require that credit unions and banks holding state funds not boycott certain industries.. Description: CREDIT UNIONS AND BANKS -- Amends existing law to require that credit unions and banks holding state funds not boycott certain industries.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide that procurement decisions shall not be based on environmental, social, and governance standards.. Description: PUBLIC PROCUREMENT -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide that procurement decisions shall not be based on environmental, social, and governance standards.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that changes in financial eligibility requirements for public assistance programs must be provided in statute.. Description: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE -- Adds to existing law to provide that changes in financial eligibility requirements for public assistance programs must be provided in statute.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify provisions regarding essential caregivers and to require health care facilities to establish policies regarding certain visitation requests.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to clarify provisions regarding essential caregivers and to require health care facilities to establish policies regarding certain visitation requests.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Educational Services for the Deaf and the Blind for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- EDUCATIONAL SERVICES FOR THE DEAF AND THE BLIND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Educational Services for the Deaf and the Blind for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to create property tax relief by creating the School District Facilities Fund and the Homeowner Property Tax Relief Account, both of which are funded by state moneys.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends and adds to existing law to create property tax relief by creating the School District Facilities Fund and the Homeowner Property Tax Relief Account, both of which are funded by state moneys.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the display of the national motto in certain circumstances.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for the display of the national motto in certain circumstances.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the public school health insurance participation fund.. Description: HEALTH INSURANCE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the public school health insurance participation fund.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the legislative review of administrative rules.. Description: ADMINISTRATIVE RULES -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the legislative review of administrative rules.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriations to deficiency warrant funds for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEFICIENCY WARRANTS -- Relates to the appropriations to deficiency warrant funds for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- TEACHERS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Indirect Support Services for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- INDIRECT SUPPORT SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Indirect Support Services for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare Child Welfare Division for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- CHILD WELFARE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare Child Welfare Division for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify that certain schools and after-school programs do not need a daycare license.. Description: HEALTH AND SAFETY -- Amends existing law to clarify that certain schools and after-school programs do not need a daycare license.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish a rural nursing loan repayment program.. Description: HEALTH -- Adds to existing law to establish a rural nursing loan repayment program.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for enforcement of provisions applicable to pharmacy benefit managers.. Description: INSURANCE -- Amends existing law to provide for enforcement of provisions applicable to pharmacy benefit managers.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise eligibility and other provisions regarding Armed Forces and public safety officer scholarships.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise eligibility and other provisions regarding Armed Forces and public safety officer scholarships.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to require cash be accepted for entry fees to school athletic events.. Description: SCHOOL ATHLETIC EVENTS -- Adds to existing law to require cash be accepted for entry fees to school athletic events.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit the name of any public official or any electioneering message from appearing on tax commission correspondence or county property tax correspondence.. Description: ETHICS IN GOVERNMENT -- Adds to existing law to prohibit the name of any public official or any electioneering message from appearing on tax commission correspondence or county property tax correspondence.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION AND THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF IDAHO -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to update terminology in the Medical Consent and Natural Death Act.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends and repeals existing law to update terminology in the Medical Consent and Natural Death Act.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit pelvic exams of anesthetized and unconscious patients except under certain circumstances.. Description: HEALTH -- Adds to existing law to prohibit pelvic exams of anesthetized and unconscious patients except under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise definitions.. Description: SEX EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise definitions.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for duties of assessors and to provide for the valuation of income-producing property.. Description: PROPERTY VALUATION FOR TAX PURPOSES -- Amends existing law to provide for duties of assessors and to provide for the valuation of income-producing property.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding underground facilities damage prevention.. Description: UNDERGROUND FACILITIES DAMAGE PREVENTION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding underground facilities damage prevention.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to establish the State Public Defender Act.. Description: STATE PUBLIC DEFENDER ACT -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to establish the State Public Defender Act.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish a policy regarding maintenance, construction, and development of bridges and highways.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to establish a policy regarding maintenance, construction, and development of bridges and highways.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Unfair Service Agreements Act.. Description: UNFAIR SERVICE AGREEMENTS ACT -- Adds to existing law to establish the Unfair Service Agreements Act.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding the unlawfulness of an alien voting in Idaho.. Description: VOTING -- Amends existing law regarding the unlawfulness of an alien voting in Idaho.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding elections for a school board of trustees.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding elections for a school board of trustees.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the crime of abortion trafficking, to provide certain requirements for and restrictions on a civil action, and to provide prosecution authority for the attorney general.. Description: ABORTION -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the crime of abortion trafficking, to provide certain requirements for and restrictions on a civil action, and to provide prosecution authority for the attorney general.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide in-person visitation rights for residents in certain facilities and to provide that visitation shall not be precluded based on vaccination status.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to provide in-person visitation rights for residents in certain facilities and to provide that visitation shall not be precluded based on vaccination status.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to increase the distribution of cigarette and tobacco product taxes to the Central Cancer Registry Fund.. Description: TAXATION -- Amends existing law to increase the distribution of cigarette and tobacco product taxes to the Central Cancer Registry Fund.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify provisions regarding deferral of property tax.. Description: TAXATION -- Amends existing law to clarify provisions regarding deferral of property tax.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Board of Tax Appeals for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- BOARD OF TAX APPEALS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Board of Tax Appeals for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF HUMAN RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Independent Living Council for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE INDEPENDENT LIVING COUNCIL -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Independent Living Council for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Finance for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Finance for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Drug Policy for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF DRUG POLICY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Drug Policy for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding property tax reduction for certain permanently disabled veterans.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding property tax reduction for certain permanently disabled veterans.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the issuance of absentee ballots.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the issuance of absentee ballots.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Industrial Commission for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Industrial Commission for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- MILITARY DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding expungement of juvenile records.. Description: JUVENILE CORRECTIONS ACT -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding expungement of juvenile records.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to enact the Gestational Agreements Act.. Description: GESTATIONAL AGREEMENTS ACT -- Adds to existing law to enact the Gestational Agreements Act.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that certain persons and institutions must take reasonable steps to restrict the access of minors in certain instances, to provide for a civil action in certain instances, and to prohibit the use of public facilities and public assets for sexual exhibitions.. Description: SEXUAL EXHIBITIONS -- Adds to existing law to provide that certain persons and institutions must take reasonable steps to restrict the access of minors in certain instances, to provide for a civil action in certain instances, and to prohibit the use of public facilities and public assets for sexual exhibitions.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Career Ready Students Program and the Added Cost Funding Support Program.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to establish the Career Ready Students Program and the Added Cost Funding Support Program.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish career exploration courses.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to establish career exploration courses.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a property tax budget may be reduced by initiative or referendum.. Description: PROPERTY TAX BUDGETS -- Amends existing law to provide that a property tax budget may be reduced by initiative or referendum.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit state employees from using or downloading TikTok on a state-issued device, to provide that the state shall implement controls to prevent the use of TikTok on state-issued devices, and to provide a penalty.. Description: COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY -- Adds to existing law to prohibit state employees from using or downloading TikTok on a state-issued device, to provide that the state shall implement controls to prevent the use of TikTok on state-issued devices, and to provide a penalty.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to Idaho Public Television for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO PUBLIC TELEVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to Idaho Public Television for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Endowment Fund Investment Board for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- ENDOWMENT FUND INVESTMENT BOARD -- Relates to the appropriation to the Endowment Fund Investment Board for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Lottery for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE LOTTERY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Lottery for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding classroom behavior management.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding classroom behavior management.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Juvenile Corrections for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF JUVENILE CORRECTIONS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Juvenile Corrections for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Treasurer for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TREASURER -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Treasurer for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain electronic filing and a fee waiver and to revise provisions regarding the online insurance verification system.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLE FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY -- Amends existing law to provide for certain electronic filing and a fee waiver and to revise provisions regarding the online insurance verification system.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require that a taxing district include certain information when communicating with voters regarding a bond or levy proposal.. Description: BONDS AND LEVIES -- Amends existing law to require that a taxing district include certain information when communicating with voters regarding a bond or levy proposal.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for preemption, retroactive application, and future application.. Description: ENERGY CODE -- Amends existing law to provide for preemption, retroactive application, and future application.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the income tax deduction for household and dependent care services.. Description: INCOME TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the income tax deduction for household and dependent care services.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to implement the Fair Pharmacy Audits Act.. Description: FAIR PHARMACY AUDITS ACT -- Adds to existing law to implement the Fair Pharmacy Audits Act.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to create property tax relief by creating the School District Facilities Fund and the Homeowner Property Tax Relief Account, both of which are funded by state moneys.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to create property tax relief by creating the School District Facilities Fund and the Homeowner Property Tax Relief Account, both of which are funded by state moneys.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit a public entity from entering into certain contracts with companies owned or operated by the government of China.. Description: STATE GOVERNMENT -- Adds to existing law to prohibit a public entity from entering into certain contracts with companies owned or operated by the government of China.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit the use of merchant firearms codes.. Description: FIREARMS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit the use of merchant firearms codes.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a tobacco tax cap of fifty cents per cigar.. Description: TOBACCO TAXES -- Amends existing law to provide for a tobacco tax cap of fifty cents per cigar.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SECRETARY OF STATE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LEGISLATIVE BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Idaho State Capitol Commission for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- CAPITOL COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Idaho State Capitol Commission for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Fish and Game for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF FISH AND GAME -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Fish and Game for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Defense Commission for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC DEFENSE COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Defense Commission for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that no in-person student instruction shall take place on certain election days.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to provide that no in-person student instruction shall take place on certain election days.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a county-wide highway district may operate and expand certain transportation programs and facilities.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide that a county-wide highway district may operate and expand certain transportation programs and facilities.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow legislative appropriations for upper divisions in community college districts.. Description: COMMUNITY COLLEGES -- Amends existing law to allow legislative appropriations for upper divisions in community college districts.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Utilities Commission for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Utilities Commission for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Medicaid for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND WELFARE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Medicaid for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding intervention by the Legislature in an action regarding an Idaho statute, to provide for the authority to intervene in certain instances, and to provide applicability.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding intervention by the Legislature in an action regarding an Idaho statute, to provide for the authority to intervene in certain instances, and to provide applicability.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Administrative Hearings for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATIVE HEARINGS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Administrative Hearings for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the treatment of certain property located within a revenue allocation area.. Description: URBAN RENEWAL -- Amends existing law to provide for the treatment of certain property located within a revenue allocation area.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- OTHER PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission of Pardons and Parole for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION OF PARDONS AND PAROLE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission of Pardons and Parole for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Agricultural Research and Cooperative Extension Service for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH AND COOPERATIVE EXTENSION SERVICE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Agricultural Research and Cooperative Extension Service for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for certain electrical codes, to revise provisions regarding electricians and apprentices, and to establish residential electrician licensure.. Description: ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS AND JOURNEYMEN -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for certain electrical codes, to revise provisions regarding electricians and apprentices, and to establish residential electrician licensure.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit certain limitations on immigration enforcement by a political subdivision of this state, to provide for a cause of action in certain instances, and to provide for the withholding of sales and use tax revenue in certain instances.. Description: IMMIGRATION -- Adds to existing law to prohibit certain limitations on immigration enforcement by a political subdivision of this state, to provide for a cause of action in certain instances, and to provide for the withholding of sales and use tax revenue in certain instances.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding voter identification and proof of residence.. Description: VOTER IDENTIFICATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding voter identification and proof of residence.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise a provision regarding interstate trafficking in prostitution, to provide for the crime of receiving proceeds of illegal sexual activity, and to provide for human trafficking victim protection.. Description: CRIMES AND PUNISHMENT -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise a provision regarding interstate trafficking in prostitution, to provide for the crime of receiving proceeds of illegal sexual activity, and to provide for human trafficking victim protection.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Charter School Commission for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOL COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Charter School Commission for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO COMMISSION FOR LIBRARIES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation and transfer of moneys to the Charter School Revolving Loan Fund for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Relates to the appropriation and transfer of moneys to the Charter School Revolving Loan Fund for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the salaries of judges.. Description: JUDGES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the salaries of judges.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that the owner of certain livestock shall not be liable for damage caused by such livestock that stray from an open range to a herd district unless the district is enclosed by fences, cattle guards, or cattle gates.. Description: HERD DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to provide that the owner of certain livestock shall not be liable for damage caused by such livestock that stray from an open range to a herd district unless the district is enclosed by fences, cattle guards, or cattle gates.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Behavioral Services for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Behavioral Services for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Soil and Water Conservation Commission for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SOIL AND WATER CONSERVATION COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Soil and Water Conservation Commission for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Education for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Education for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Transportation for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Transportation for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation from the Millennium Income Fund for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- MILLENNIUM INCOME FUND -- Relates to the appropriation from the Millennium Income Fund for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Public Health Services for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Public Health Services for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE POLICE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police and the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE POLICE AND JUDICIAL BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police and the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the transfer of moneys for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPT OF WATER RESOURCES AND DEPT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY -- Relates to the transfer of moneys for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Liquor Division for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE LIQUOR DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Liquor Division for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- CAREER TECHNICAL EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Department of Education and the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Department of Education and the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Defense Commission and the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC DEFENSE COMMISSION AND DIVISION OF HUMAN RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Defense Commission and the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- JUDICIAL BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- MEDICAID -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “abortion” and to provide that certain actions and attempts shall not be considered criminal abortions.. Description: CRIMES -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “abortion” and to provide that certain actions and attempts shall not be considered criminal abortions.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends HB292 to provide for the distribution of certain sales tax funds regarding transportation congestion, the Homeowner Property Tax Relief Account, and the School District Facilities Fund.. Description: PROPERTY TAX RELIEF -- Amends HB292 to provide for the distribution of certain sales tax funds regarding transportation congestion, the Homeowner Property Tax Relief Account, and the School District Facilities Fund.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission and various cash transfers for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- TAX COMMISSION AND CASH TRANSFERS -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission and various cash transfers for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to procedures for state-owned dwellings.. Description: DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- Repeals existing law relating to procedures for state-owned dwellings.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require that daycare facilities provide citation to the immunization exemption law in communications with parents.. Description: IMMUNIZATIONS -- Amends existing law to require that daycare facilities provide citation to the immunization exemption law in communications with parents.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow a vehicle traveling slower than the normal speed of traffic to turn off at the next available location where it is safe and reasonable for the vehicle to pull over.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to allow a vehicle traveling slower than the normal speed of traffic to turn off at the next available location where it is safe and reasonable for the vehicle to pull over.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Institutional Controls Program.. Description: BUNKER HILL -- Adds to existing law to establish the Institutional Controls Program.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to limit applicability to full-time students.. Description: EXTENDED LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES -- Amends existing law to limit applicability to full-time students.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to authorize the issuance of a license to certain establishments in a resort city.. Description: ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES -- Amends existing law to authorize the issuance of a license to certain establishments in a resort city.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a public works contractor shall not be required to provide access to a multiple-occupancy restroom, multiple-occupancy shower facility, or multiple-occupancy changing room on any basis other than sex.. Description: GOVERNMENT -- Amends existing law to provide that a public works contractor shall not be required to provide access to a multiple-occupancy restroom, multiple-occupancy shower facility, or multiple-occupancy changing room on any basis other than sex.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certificates of number and invasive species stickers, to provide for certain fees, and to provide for the assessment of certain penalties.. Description: BOATING -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certificates of number and invasive species stickers, to provide for certain fees, and to provide for the assessment of certain penalties.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide unemployment insurance benefits to victims of domestic violence and spouses of transferred military members.. Description: UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE -- Amends existing law to provide unemployment insurance benefits to victims of domestic violence and spouses of transferred military members.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a requirement for promulgation of administrative rules regarding eligibility determinations for participation in state employee health insurance plans.. Description: STATE GOVERNMENT -- Amends existing law to remove a requirement for promulgation of administrative rules regarding eligibility determinations for participation in state employee health insurance plans.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit certain outlet control structures.. Description: PRIEST LAKE -- Amends existing law to prohibit certain outlet control structures.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove provisions regarding violations and compliance.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Amends existing law to remove provisions regarding violations and compliance.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Office of Administrative Hearings and its officers.. Description: OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATIVE HEARINGS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Office of Administrative Hearings and its officers.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding commutations and pardons for offenses punishable by death or life imprisonment and to provide for conspiracies to commit certain offenses.. Description: COMMUTATIONS AND PARDONS -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding commutations and pardons for offenses punishable by death or life imprisonment and to provide for conspiracies to commit certain offenses.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding serving interpreters with a subpoena.. Description: WITNESSES -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding serving interpreters with a subpoena.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding reports and investigations of maltreatment of vulnerable adults.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding reports and investigations of maltreatment of vulnerable adults.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to prohibit a child protection investigation based on a child's immunization status and to provide that a court shall not grant an order terminating a parent and child relationship based on a child's immunization status.. Description: JUVENILE PROCEEDINGS -- Amends and adds to existing law to prohibit a child protection investigation based on a child's immunization status and to provide that a court shall not grant an order terminating a parent and child relationship based on a child's immunization status.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the enforcement of federal immigration law by governmental entities in this state.. Description: IMMIGRATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for the enforcement of federal immigration law by governmental entities in this state.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain water rights and property of irrigation and canal companies exempt from taxation do not require certain approval.. Description: PROPERTY EXEMPT FROM TAXATION -- Amends existing law to provide that certain water rights and property of irrigation and canal companies exempt from taxation do not require certain approval.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding expenditures, to provide for the selection of projects, and to revise provisions regarding loans and grants.. Description: WATER MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding expenditures, to provide for the selection of projects, and to revise provisions regarding loans and grants.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the appropriation of ground water for supplemental irrigation use.. Description: IRRIGATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for the appropriation of ground water for supplemental irrigation use.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise deadlines for the transmission of certain court fees to the state treasurer.. Description: COURT FEES -- Amends existing law to revise deadlines for the transmission of certain court fees to the state treasurer.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the payment of a fee to change court venue.. Description: COURT FEES -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the payment of a fee to change court venue.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding raw milk and raw milk products.. Description: RAW MILK -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding raw milk and raw milk products.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that fees imposed on residential tenants shall be reasonable and to prohibit certain fees, fines, assessments, interests, and other costs.. Description: PROPERTY -- Adds to existing law to provide that fees imposed on residential tenants shall be reasonable and to prohibit certain fees, fines, assessments, interests, and other costs.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to authorize a county treasurer to make certain investments.. Description: COUNTY TREASURER AND TAX COLLECTOR -- Adds to existing law to authorize a county treasurer to make certain investments.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to exempt certain public charter schools from having to demonstrate strong academic results to qualify for the Public Charter School Facilities Program and to revise a limitation on issuing bonds under the Public Charter School Facilities Program.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to exempt certain public charter schools from having to demonstrate strong academic results to qualify for the Public Charter School Facilities Program and to revise a limitation on issuing bonds under the Public Charter School Facilities Program.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to remove the Public Charter School Debt Reserve Fund and to provide for a revolving loan fund.. Description: CHARTER SCHOOLS -- Repeals and adds to existing law to remove the Public Charter School Debt Reserve Fund and to provide for a revolving loan fund.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends exisitng law to make codifier's corrections.. Description: CODIFIER'S CORRECTIONS -- Amends exisitng law to make codifier's corrections.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding issuance of a liquor license to a golf course.. Description: ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding issuance of a liquor license to a golf course.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exemption from postelection audits for selected ballots.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to provide an exemption from postelection audits for selected ballots.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for notice of restriction, regulation, and prohibition on endowment land and to provide for punishment and violations.. Description: ENDOWMENT LAND -- Adds to existing law to provide for notice of restriction, regulation, and prohibition on endowment land and to provide for punishment and violations.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the liability of outfitters and guides.. Description: OUTFITTERS AND GUIDES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the liability of outfitters and guides.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the practice of optometry to include certain therapeutic laser procedures under certain circumstances.. Description: OPTOMETRISTS -- Amends existing law to provide for the practice of optometry to include certain therapeutic laser procedures under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a certain exemption regarding the securing of loads on a public highway.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to revise a certain exemption regarding the securing of loads on a public highway.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the reemployment of certain retired members under certain circumstances.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to provide for the reemployment of certain retired members under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to prohibit cities and towns from supporting certain military companies or organizations and to provide exceptions.. Description: MILITARY AND MILITIA -- Repeals and adds to existing law to prohibit cities and towns from supporting certain military companies or organizations and to provide exceptions.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide address confidentiality for judicial officers.. Description: ADDRESS CONFIDENTIALITY FOR JUDICIAL OFFICERS -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide address confidentiality for judicial officers.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide that plats shall show certain pipelines, to require filing of certain information with counties, and to require certain notice regarding zoning ordinance changes and development proposals.. Description: PIPELINES -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide that plats shall show certain pipelines, to require filing of certain information with counties, and to require certain notice regarding zoning ordinance changes and development proposals.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the careless exposure of barbed wire and to revise penalties.. Description: FENCES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the careless exposure of barbed wire and to revise penalties.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain temporary permits and to establish a limitation regarding their issuance.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLE TITLES -- Amends existing law to provide for certain temporary permits and to establish a limitation regarding their issuance.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for teacher apprenticeships.. Description: TEACHER APPRENTICESHIPS -- Amends existing law to provide for teacher apprenticeships.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain funding for career technical centers and certain authority of the Division of Career Technical Education.. Description: CAREER TECHNICAL CENTERS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain funding for career technical centers and certain authority of the Division of Career Technical Education.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit instruction on human sexuality, sexual orientation, or gender identity prior to fifth grade.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to prohibit instruction on human sexuality, sexual orientation, or gender identity prior to fifth grade.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the disinterment of a body.. Description: DISINTERMENT -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the disinterment of a body.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding comprehensive plans and annexing an area of city impact.. Description: PLANNING AND ZONING -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding comprehensive plans and annexing an area of city impact.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for a voters' guide with candidate information to be prepared by the Secretary of State.. Description: VOTERS -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for a voters' guide with candidate information to be prepared by the Secretary of State.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding procuring services or personal property.. Description: PURCHASING BY POLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding procuring services or personal property.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide an exception to requirements for wildlife held captive in Idaho.. Description: WILDLIFE -- Adds to existing law to provide an exception to requirements for wildlife held captive in Idaho.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding outfitter and guide licensure.. Description: OUTFITTERS AND GUIDES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding outfitter and guide licensure.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a time for filing claims by a minor in a child abuse case.. Description: TORT CLAIMS AGAINST GOVERNMENTAL ENTITIES -- Amends existing law to provide for a time for filing claims by a minor in a child abuse case.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for criminal forfeiture for certain crimes against children and vulnerable adults.. Description: CRIMINAL FORFEITURE -- Adds to existing law to provide for criminal forfeiture for certain crimes against children and vulnerable adults.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the execution of an electronic will.. Description: UNIFORM ELECTRONIC WILLS ACT -- Adds to existing law to provide for the execution of an electronic will.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for temporary registration of experienced international medical graduates who are in the United States as asylees, humanitarian parolees, or refugees and to require that registrants agree to practice in a health professional shortage area.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to provide for temporary registration of experienced international medical graduates who are in the United States as asylees, humanitarian parolees, or refugees and to require that registrants agree to practice in a health professional shortage area.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide legislative intent and to direct the Idaho Department of Health and Welfare to convene the Alzheimer's disease and related dementias alliance and to annually provide a certain report.. Description: ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE AND RELATED DEMENTIAS -- Adds to existing law to provide legislative intent and to direct the Idaho Department of Health and Welfare to convene the Alzheimer's disease and related dementias alliance and to annually provide a certain report.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Medicaid Management Information Systems Dedicated Fund in the state treasury.. Description: MEDICAID -- Adds to existing law to establish the Medicaid Management Information Systems Dedicated Fund in the state treasury.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to authorize the director of the Department of Environmental Quality to enter into certain voluntary contracts and agreements.. Description: ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY -- Amends existing law to authorize the director of the Department of Environmental Quality to enter into certain voluntary contracts and agreements.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish privacy and safety standards in public schools.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to establish privacy and safety standards in public schools.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding applicability.. Description: SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding applicability.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a tobacco tax cap of fifty cents per cigar.. Description: TOBACCO TAXES -- Amends existing law to provide for a tobacco tax cap of fifty cents per cigar.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding sunrise review and to revise provisions regarding sunset review.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL LICENSES -- Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding sunrise review and to revise provisions regarding sunset review.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to recognize Bear Lake's benefits and to provide for its enhancement, protection, and preservation.. Description: BEAR LAKE -- Adds to existing law to recognize Bear Lake's benefits and to provide for its enhancement, protection, and preservation.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Psychiatric Hospitalization for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITALIZATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Psychiatric Hospitalization for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a development impact fee advisory committee and to provide for a development impact fee advisory committee for intergovernmental agreements between governmental entities and certain districts.. Description: DEVELOPMENT IMPACT FEES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a development impact fee advisory committee and to provide for a development impact fee advisory committee for intergovernmental agreements between governmental entities and certain districts.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE APPELLATE PUBLIC DEFENDER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Historical Society for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE HISTORICAL SOCIETY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Historical Society for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF LANDS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding intervention by the Legislature in an action regarding an Idaho statute.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding intervention by the Legislature in an action regarding an Idaho statute.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that retail liquor by the drink licenses issued on or after July 1, 2023, may not be sold, leased, or transferred and to provide that retail liquor by the drink licenses issued before July 1, 2023, may be sold or transferred only once.. Description: ALCOHOL -- Amends existing law to provide that retail liquor by the drink licenses issued on or after July 1, 2023, may not be sold, leased, or transferred and to provide that retail liquor by the drink licenses issued before July 1, 2023, may be sold or transferred only once.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding police officer member status.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding police officer member status.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the crime of domestic terrorism.. Description: TERRORIST CONTROL ACT -- Amends existing law to provide for the crime of domestic terrorism.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to various agencies to correct the fund source for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- FUND CORRECTION -- Relates to the appropriation to various agencies to correct the fund source for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the enrollment and transfer of pupils.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the enrollment and transfer of pupils.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exception to residency requirements in certain adoption proceedings.. Description: ADOPTION -- Amends existing law to provide an exception to residency requirements in certain adoption proceedings.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to designate Oryctodromeus as the state dinosaur.. Description: STATE SYMBOLS -- Adds to existing law to designate Oryctodromeus as the state dinosaur.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Coronavirus Stop Act to prohibit certain actions related to coronavirus.. Description: CORONAVIRUS -- Adds to existing law to establish the Coronavirus Stop Act to prohibit certain actions related to coronavirus.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Attorney General for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- ATTORNEY GENERAL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Attorney General for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Employee Retirement System of Idaho for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PERSI -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Employee Retirement System of Idaho for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Species Conservation for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF SPECIES CONSERVATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Species Conservation for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON AGING -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Insurance for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF INSURANCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Insurance for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the STEM Action Center for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STEM ACTION CENTER -- Relates to the appropriation to the STEM Action Center for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission for the Blind and Visually Impaired for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION FOR THE BLIND AND VISUALLY IMPAIRED -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission for the Blind and Visually Impaired for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding licenses for waterfront resorts.. Description: LIQUOR -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding licenses for waterfront resorts.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for seasonal restrictions regarding antlers and horns to protect wintering big game.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Adds to existing law to provide for seasonal restrictions regarding antlers and horns to protect wintering big game.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Health Education Programs for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH EDUCATION PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Health Education Programs for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding membership of and appointments to the judicial council, to revise a provision regarding a duty of the judicial council, to provide for certain duties of the judicial council, and to provide for nonpartisan ballots for the election of judges of the court of appeals.. Description: STATE JUDICIARY -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding membership of and appointments to the judicial council, to revise a provision regarding a duty of the judicial council, to provide for certain duties of the judicial council, and to provide for nonpartisan ballots for the election of judges of the court of appeals.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Liquor Division for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE LIQUOR DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Liquor Division for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Veterans Services for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF VETERANS SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Veterans Services for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding appointments to the Multistate Tax Compact Advisory Committee.. Description: MULTISTATE TAX COMPACT -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding appointments to the Multistate Tax Compact Advisory Committee.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding teacher spending accounts.. Description: SCHOOLS -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding teacher spending accounts.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify requirements for criminal history and background checks for potential temporary caregivers.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to clarify requirements for criminal history and background checks for potential temporary caregivers.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Lieutenant Governor for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Lieutenant Governor for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the salaries of judges.. Description: JUDGES -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the salaries of judges.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise an exemption regarding motor vehicles and to define a term.. Description: JUDGMENTS IN CIVIL ACTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise an exemption regarding motor vehicles and to define a term.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education for Community Colleges for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMUNITY COLLEGES -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education for Community Colleges for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the Empowering Parents Program and to provide for tuition grants.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the Empowering Parents Program and to provide for tuition grants.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Labor for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF LABOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Labor for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OITS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Wolf Depredation Control Board for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- WOLF DEPREDATION CONTROL BOARD -- Relates to the appropriation to the Wolf Depredation Control Board for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the Idaho Launch Grant Program and the Idaho In-Demand Careers Fund.. Description: WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL -- Amends and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the Idaho Launch Grant Program and the Idaho In-Demand Careers Fund.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- JUDICIAL BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Judicial Branch for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on the Arts for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON THE ARTS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on the Arts for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Historical Society for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE HISTORICAL SOCIETY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Historical Society for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- FAMILY AND COMMUNITY SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the defensive display or declaration of a firearm and to provide that the defensive display or declaration of a firearm shall not be required in certain instances.. Description: PREVENTION OF PUBLIC OFFENSES -- Amends existing law to provide for the defensive display or declaration of a firearm and to provide that the defensive display or declaration of a firearm shall not be required in certain instances.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF LANDS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- WELFARE DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for College and Universities and the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITIES -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for College and Universities and the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Special Programs for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SPECIAL PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Special Programs for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Hispanic Affairs for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON HISPANIC AFFAIRS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Hispanic Affairs for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Workforce Development Council for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Workforce Development Council for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE CONTROLLER -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF WATER RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TAX COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends House Bill 138 to revise provisions regarding primary elections at which presidential candidates are nominated.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends House Bill 138 to revise provisions regarding primary elections at which presidential candidates are nominated.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO TRANSPORTATION DEPARTMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- MILITARY DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Energy and Mineral Resources for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF ENERGY AND MINERAL RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Energy and Mineral Resources for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY -- Relates to the appropriation to the to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho enrolled a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exemption from a certain requirement and to provide a requirement for a license issued to a theater.. Description: ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES -- Amends existing law to provide an exemption from a certain requirement and to provide a requirement for a license issued to a theater.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Medicaid for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- MEDICAID -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for the Division of Medicaid for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for a sales tax rebate on certain road construction materials.. Description: SALES TAX -- Adds to existing law to provide for a sales tax rebate on certain road construction materials.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- PERMANENT BUILDING FUND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Attorney General for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- ATTORNEY GENERAL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Attorney General for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE APPELLATE PUBLIC DEFENDER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to increase the salaries of commissioners of the Public Utilities Commission, State Tax Commission, and Industrial Commission and provides appropriations for those salary increases.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION -- STATE TAX COMMISSION -- INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION -- Amends existing law to increase the salaries of commissioners of the Public Utilities Commission, State Tax Commission, and Industrial Commission and provides appropriations for those salary increases.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF OCCUPATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL LICENSES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal years 2023 and 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare and the Department of Labor for fiscal year 2023.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- CHILD CARE GRANTS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare and the Department of Labor for fiscal year 2023.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Administrators for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- ADMINISTRATORS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Administrators for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- TEACHERS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Operations for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- OPERATIONS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Operations for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Children's Programs for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- CHILDREN'S PROGRAMS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Children's Programs for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Facilities for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- FACILITIES DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Facilities for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Central Services for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- CENTRAL SERVICES DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Central Services for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Educational Services for the Deaf and the Blind for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- EDUCATIONAL SERVICES FOR THE DEAF AND THE BLIND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Educational Services for the Deaf and the Blind for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to appropriations and transfers for fiscal year 2023 and year-end appropriations and transfers for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Relates to appropriations and transfers for fiscal year 2023 and year-end appropriations and transfers for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Workforce Development Council for fiscal year 2024.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Workforce Development Council for fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and provides for a joint session of the House and Senate to hear a message from the Governor.. Description: GOVERNOR'S ADDRESS -- States findings of the Legislature and provides for a joint session of the House and Senate to hear a message from the Governor.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and expresses support of the Electoral College system.. Description: ELECTORAL COLLEGE -- States findings of the Legislature and expresses support of the Electoral College system.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to appoint a committee to undertake and complete a study of natural resource issues.. Description: NATURAL RESOURCE ISSUES STUDY -- States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to appoint a committee to undertake and complete a study of natural resource issues.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature, expresses concern over the proposed Lava Ridge Project, and supports a no-build option.. Description: LAVA RIDGE -- States findings of the Legislature, expresses concern over the proposed Lava Ridge Project, and supports a no-build option.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and rejects certain rules of the Department of Health and Welfare relating to residential assisted living facilities.. Description: RULE REJECTION -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- States findings of the Legislature and rejects certain rules of the Department of Health and Welfare relating to residential assisted living facilities.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and recognizes the importance of a strong and enduring partnership with Taiwan and supports Taiwan's meaningful participation in important international organizations.. Description: TAIWAN -- States findings of the Legislature and recognizes the importance of a strong and enduring partnership with Taiwan and supports Taiwan's meaningful participation in important international organizations.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and supports ongoing investments in the state's water infrastructure.. Description: WATER -- States findings of the Legislature and supports ongoing investments in the state's water infrastructure.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves fee and non-fee rules of the Department of Insurance reviewed by the House Business Committee and the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE BUSINESS AND SENATE COMMERCE AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves fee and non-fee rules of the Department of Insurance reviewed by the House Business Committee and the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to establish a task force to complete a study and make recommendations regarding a comprehensive Medicaid managed care program.. Description: MEDICAID -- States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to establish a task force to complete a study and make recommendations regarding a comprehensive Medicaid managed care program.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Department of Environmental Quality reviewed by the House Environment, Energy, and Technology Committee and the Senate Resources and Environment Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE ENVIRONMENT, ENERGY, AND TECHNOLOGY AND SENATE RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Department of Environmental Quality reviewed by the House Environment, Energy, and Technology Committee and the Senate Resources and Environment Committee.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the House Environment, Energy, and Technology Committee and the Senate Health and Welfare Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE ENVIRONMENT, ENERGY, AND TECHNOLOGY AND SENATE HEALTH AND WELFARE COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the House Environment, Energy, and Technology Committee and the Senate Health and Welfare Committee.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and rejects a certain rule of the Idaho State Police relating to Rules Governing the Sex Offender Registry.. Description: RULE REJECTION -- IDAHO STATE POLICE -- States findings of the Legislature and rejects a certain rule of the Idaho State Police relating to Rules Governing the Sex Offender Registry.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the House Business Committee and the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee with exceptions.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE BUSINESS AND SENATE COMMERCE AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the House Business Committee and the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee with exceptions.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Department of Health and Welfare reviewed by the House Health and Welfare Committee and the Senate Health and Welfare Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE HEALTH AND WELFARE AND SENATE HEALTH AND WELFARE COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Department of Health and Welfare reviewed by the House Health and Welfare Committee and the Senate Health and Welfare Committee.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the House Health and Welfare Committee and the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE HEALTH AND WELFARE AND SENATE COMMERCE AND HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the House Health and Welfare Committee and the Senate Commerce and Human Resources Committee.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Idaho Transportation Department reviewed by the House Transportation and Defense Committee and the Senate Transportation Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- HOUSE TRANSPORTATION AND DEFENSE AND SENATE TRANSPORTATION COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Idaho Transportation Department reviewed by the House Transportation and Defense Committee and the Senate Transportation Committee.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and rejects certain rules of the State Board of Education relating to Rules Governing Public Charter Schools and Rules of the Public Charter School Commission.. Description: RULE REJECTION -- STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- States findings of the Legislature and rejects certain rules of the State Board of Education relating to Rules Governing Public Charter Schools and Rules of the Public Charter School Commission.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves the recess of the Legislature until April 6.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves the recess of the Legislature until April 6.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and requests that the Department of Health and Welfare develop draft legislation establishing a statewide planning, coordination, and funding system for emergency medical services.. Description: HEALTH -- States findings of the Legislature and requests that the Department of Health and Welfare develop draft legislation establishing a statewide planning, coordination, and funding system for emergency medical services.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Department of Agriculture, the Idaho Sheep and Goat Health Board, and the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the Senate Agricultural Affairs Committee and the House Agricultural Affairs Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE AGRICULTURAL AFFAIRS AND HOUSE AGRICULTURAL AFFAIRS COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Department of Agriculture, the Idaho Sheep and Goat Health Board, and the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses reviewed by the Senate Agricultural Affairs Committee and the House Agricultural Affairs Committee.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature, honoring and commending Glenn Harris for his years of service to the Legislature and wishing him well in his retirement.. Description: GLENN HARRIS -- States findings of the Legislature, honoring and commending Glenn Harris for his years of service to the Legislature and wishing him well in his retirement.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and rejects a certain rule of the State Tax Commission relating to Income Tax Administrative Rules.. Description: RULE REJECTION -- STATE TAX COMMISSION -- States findings of the Legislature and rejects a certain rule of the State Tax Commission relating to Income Tax Administrative Rules.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Idaho State Police / Idaho Public Safety and Security Information Systems and the Sexual Offender Management Board reviewed by the Senate Judiciary and Rules Committee and the House Judiciary, Rules, and Administration Committee.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE JUDICIARY AND RULES AND HOUSE JUDICIARY, RULES, AND ADMINISTRATION COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Idaho State Police / Idaho Public Safety and Security Information Systems and the Sexual Offender Management Board reviewed by the Senate Judiciary and Rules Committee and the House Judiciary, Rules, and Administration Committee.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and rejects a certain rule of the State Board of Education relating to Registration of Postsecondary Educational Institutions and Proprietary Schools.. Description: RULE REJECTION -- STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- States findings of the Legislature and rejects a certain rule of the State Board of Education relating to Registration of Postsecondary Educational Institutions and Proprietary Schools.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Department of Fish and Game, the Department of Lands, and the Idaho Department of Water Resources/Idaho Water Resource Board reviewed by the Senate Resources and Environment Committee and the House Resources and Conservation Committee with an exception.. Description: RULE APPROVAL -- SENATE RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT AND HOUSE RESOURCES AND CONSERVATION COMMITTEES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves fee rules of the Department of Fish and Game, the Department of Lands, and the Idaho Department of Water Resources/Idaho Water Resource Board reviewed by the Senate Resources and Environment Committee and the House Resources and Conservation Committee with an exception.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Proposes a state constitutional amendment to require any referendum petition or initiative petition to be signed by at least 6% of legal voters at the last general election in each legislative district.. Description: REFERENDA AND INITIATIVES -- Proposes a state constitutional amendment to require any referendum petition or initiative petition to be signed by at least 6% of legal voters at the last general election in each legislative district.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and resolves that the Idaho Legislature stands ready to begin discussions with the Oregon Legislature regarding the potential to relocate the Oregon/Idaho state boundary.. Description: OREGON AND IDAHO BORDERS -- States findings of the Legislature and resolves that the Idaho Legislature stands ready to begin discussions with the Oregon Legislature regarding the potential to relocate the Oregon/Idaho state boundary.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and calls on Congress to restrict the jurisdiction of the federal courts from hearing cases regarding state legislative authority to legislate on abortion.. Description: ABORTION -- States findings of the Legislature and calls on Congress to restrict the jurisdiction of the federal courts from hearing cases regarding state legislative authority to legislate on abortion.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature declaring opposition to EPA proposed rules regarding water quality standards.. Description: WATER QUALITY STANDARDS -- States findings of the Legislature declaring opposition to EPA proposed rules regarding water quality standards.
In 2023, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and urges the delisting of grizzly bear in the lower 48 states.. Description: GRIZZLY BEAR -- States findings of the Legislature and urges the delisting of grizzly bear in the lower 48 states.
In 2023, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and requests the President of the United States and the Senate and the House of Representatives of the United States take action with all deliberate speed to adopt and implement targeted immigration reform.. Description: IMMIGRATION -- States findings of the Legislature and requests the President of the United States and the Senate and the House of Representatives of the United States take action with all deliberate speed to adopt and implement targeted immigration reform.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for hands-free use of certain devices.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide for hands-free use of certain devices.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that idle moneys may be invested in physical gold and silver in certain instances.. Description: STATE TREASURER -- Amends existing law to provide that idle moneys may be invested in physical gold and silver in certain instances.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Appropriates and transfers $34,300 from the General Fund to the Hazardous Substance Emergency Response Fund for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Appropriates and transfers $34,300 from the General Fund to the Hazardous Substance Emergency Response Fund for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding the subsequent property roll and removes obsolete language regarding widows.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends existing law regarding the subsequent property roll and removes obsolete language regarding widows.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LEGISLATIVE BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exemption from local licensing and fee requirements for businesses owned and operated by persons under age 18 and to excuse them from paying sales and use tax in certain instances.. Description: BUSINESSES OWNED BY MINORS -- Amends existing law to provide an exemption from local licensing and fee requirements for businesses owned and operated by persons under age 18 and to excuse them from paying sales and use tax in certain instances.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exception to a limitation on public charter school funding.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide an exception to a limitation on public charter school funding.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the exchange of certain lands.. Description: ENDOWMENT LAND -- Repeals existing law relating to the exchange of certain lands.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding board compensation.. Description: IDAHO BOARD OF SCALING PRACTICES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding board compensation.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to state parks.. Description: STATE PARKS -- Repeals existing law relating to state parks.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to revise provisions regarding the apprehension, release, and detention of juveniles and to remove reference to habitual status offenders.. Description: JUVENILE CORRECTIONS ACT -- Amends and repeals existing law to revise provisions regarding the apprehension, release, and detention of juveniles and to remove reference to habitual status offenders.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the number of judges and resident chambers in the Third Judicial District.. Description: JUDICIAL DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to revise the number of judges and resident chambers in the Third Judicial District.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise legislative intent, to revise a definition, and to define terms regarding juvenile corrections.. Description: JUVENILE CORRECTIONS ACT -- Amends existing law to revise legislative intent, to revise a definition, and to define terms regarding juvenile corrections.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that voting records of the former Sexual Offender Classification Board shall be exempt from disclosure and to authorize the Sexual Offender Management Board to manage and maintain the records of the former Sexual Offender Classification Board.. Description: SEXUAL OFFENDER CLASSIFICATION BOARD -- Amends existing law to provide that voting records of the former Sexual Offender Classification Board shall be exempt from disclosure and to authorize the Sexual Offender Management Board to manage and maintain the records of the former Sexual Offender Classification Board.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the applicability of the sales and use tax to manufactured homes.. Description: SALES TAX -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the applicability of the sales and use tax to manufactured homes.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the Idaho Tuberculosis Hospital because Idaho does not maintain a tuberculosis hospital.. Description: IDAHO TUBERCULOSIS HOSPITAL -- Repeals existing law relating to the Idaho Tuberculosis Hospital because Idaho does not maintain a tuberculosis hospital.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove obsolete provisions and to revise provisions regarding disclosure of records.. Description: VITAL STATISTICS -- Amends existing law to remove obsolete provisions and to revise provisions regarding disclosure of records.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for discipline if a nurse enters a guilty plea for a relevant crime.. Description: NURSING -- Amends existing law to provide for discipline if a nurse enters a guilty plea for a relevant crime.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the prescribing of certain drugs via telehealth in compliance with federal law.. Description: TELEHEALTH ACCESS -- Amends existing law to provide for the prescribing of certain drugs via telehealth in compliance with federal law.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide certain responsibilities to the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses.. Description: CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Amends existing law to provide certain responsibilities to the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to update the Idaho Pharmacy Act.. Description: PHARMACY -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to update the Idaho Pharmacy Act.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit certain reporting requirements.. Description: PRIVATE FOUNDATIONS AND CHARITABLE TRUSTS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit certain reporting requirements.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide a time extension for certain extraordinary medical collection action requirements.. Description: IDAHO PATIENT ACT -- Adds to existing law to provide a time extension for certain extraordinary medical collection action requirements.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law relating to the administrative determination of adverse claims, hearings and orders of local ground water boards, appeals from certain actions, and penalties.. Description: WATER -- Amends and repeals existing law relating to the administrative determination of adverse claims, hearings and orders of local ground water boards, appeals from certain actions, and penalties.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the authority of those performing security duties at the Orchard training area and to remove a POST training requirement.. Description: MILITARY -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the authority of those performing security duties at the Orchard training area and to remove a POST training requirement.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to appropriations for veterans memorials.. Description: VETERANS MEMORIALS -- Repeals existing law relating to appropriations for veterans memorials.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the authorization of males 18 years of age or older to contract under the G.I. Bill of Rights.. Description: SERVICE MEMBERS -- Repeals existing law relating to the authorization of males 18 years of age or older to contract under the G.I. Bill of Rights.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide an alternative method to evidence perfection of a motor vehicle title.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Adds to existing law to provide an alternative method to evidence perfection of a motor vehicle title.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the Idaho Food Quality Assurance Institute.. Description: FOOD QUALITY ASSURANCE INSTITUTE -- Repeals existing law relating to the Idaho Food Quality Assurance Institute.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide nutrient management standards on dairy farms.. Description: DAIRIES -- Amends existing law to provide nutrient management standards on dairy farms.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain authority of the Water Resource Board and the Department of Water Resources.. Description: WATER -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain authority of the Water Resource Board and the Department of Water Resources.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Internal Revenue Code.. Description: INCOME TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Internal Revenue Code.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that original birth certificates and other records will be made available upon request to adoptees for adoptions that occur on or after July 1, 2021.. Description: VITAL STATISTICS -- Amends existing law to provide that original birth certificates and other records will be made available upon request to adoptees for adoptions that occur on or after July 1, 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, adds to, and repeals existing law regarding the Veterinary Practice Act.. Description: VETERINARIANS -- Amends, adds to, and repeals existing law regarding the Veterinary Practice Act.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals, amends, and adds to existing law to provide for bond and levy election disclosures and penalties for violations.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Repeals, amends, and adds to existing law to provide for bond and levy election disclosures and penalties for violations.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to clarify who has the authority to close schools or limit school activities or programs for the purpose of stopping the spread of infectious disease.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends and adds to existing law to clarify who has the authority to close schools or limit school activities or programs for the purpose of stopping the spread of infectious disease.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for policies regarding the prevention and spread of infectious disease at colleges and universities.. Description: HIGHER EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for policies regarding the prevention and spread of infectious disease at colleges and universities.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the term of an alcohol permit or license.. Description: ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES -- Amends existing law to revise the term of an alcohol permit or license.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for a uniform system of accounting and financial transparency from local governmental entities and education providers.. Description: LOCAL GOVERNMENT -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for a uniform system of accounting and financial transparency from local governmental entities and education providers.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to limit the application of health ordinances to city limits.. Description: CITIES -- Amends existing law to limit the application of health ordinances to city limits.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for electronic transmission of documents.. Description: WAGE CLAIMS -- Amends existing law to provide for electronic transmission of documents.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals, adds to, and amends existing law to enact the Annuity Consumer Protections Act.. Description: ANNUITY CONSUMER PROTECTIONS ACT -- Repeals, adds to, and amends existing law to enact the Annuity Consumer Protections Act.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding reciprocal jurisdictions and credit for reinsurance procedures.. Description: INSURANCE -- Amends and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding reciprocal jurisdictions and credit for reinsurance procedures.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the maximum number on a board of directors for certain insurers.. Description: INSURANCE -- Amends existing law to revise the maximum number on a board of directors for certain insurers.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow for the placement of Purple Heart license plates on more than one vehicle or motorcycle owned by a qualifying person.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to allow for the placement of Purple Heart license plates on more than one vehicle or motorcycle owned by a qualifying person.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for revised snowmobile and off-highway vehicle licensing and oversight.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide for revised snowmobile and off-highway vehicle licensing and oversight.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the protection of certain monuments and memorials.. Description: MONUMENTS AND MEMORIALS -- Adds to existing law to provide for the protection of certain monuments and memorials.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding bait.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding bait.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain fees.. Description: PARKS AND RECREATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain fees.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to authorize a designee from the State Board of Education to serve on the Data Oversight Council and to provide for a vice chairman.. Description: CRIMINAL JUSTICE INTEGRATED DATA SYSTEM -- Amends existing law to authorize a designee from the State Board of Education to serve on the Data Oversight Council and to provide for a vice chairman.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding membership, to provide for the terms of members, and to provide for vacancies.. Description: DISTRICT MAGISTRATES COMMISSIONS -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding membership, to provide for the terms of members, and to provide for vacancies.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for a family law temporary restricted driver's license.. Description: FAMILY LAW LICENSE SUSPENSIONS -- Adds to existing law to provide for a family law temporary restricted driver's license.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for water quality innovation and pollutant trading.. Description: WATER QUALITY -- Adds to existing law to provide for water quality innovation and pollutant trading.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the duties of the Attorney General's office and to provide that state departments and agencies may contract for legal services outside of the Attorney General's office.. Description: ATTORNEY GENERAL -- Amends existing law to revise the duties of the Attorney General's office and to provide that state departments and agencies may contract for legal services outside of the Attorney General's office.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove obsolete language.. Description: REAL ESTATE LICENSE LAW -- Amends existing law to remove obsolete language.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow remote participation in meetings.. Description: NONPROFIT CORPORATIONS -- Amends existing law to allow remote participation in meetings.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require certain disclosures.. Description: INDEPENDENT EXPENDITURES -- Amends existing law to require certain disclosures.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a certain election date for school districts.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to remove a certain election date for school districts.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify the application and effect of the Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts on certain instruments and notarial acts.. Description: INSTRUMENTS -- Amends existing law to clarify the application and effect of the Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts on certain instruments and notarial acts.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission for the Blind and Visually Impaired for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION FOR THE BLIND AND VISUALLY IMPAIRED -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission for the Blind and Visually Impaired for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding intergovernmental agreements relating to development impact fees.. Description: DEVELOPMENT IMPACT FEES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding intergovernmental agreements relating to development impact fees.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that school employees at category 3 contract status shall not advance beyond such status until they complete certain requirements.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that school employees at category 3 contract status shall not advance beyond such status until they complete certain requirements.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Treasurer for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TREASURER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Treasurer for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a hospital trustee may not be an employee of or have an ownership interest in certain other facilities and to revise provisions regarding hospital boards.. Description: HOSPITALS -- Amends existing law to provide that a hospital trustee may not be an employee of or have an ownership interest in certain other facilities and to revise provisions regarding hospital boards.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Energy and Mineral Resources for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF ENERGY AND MINERAL RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Energy and Mineral Resources for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit the Department of Lands from engaging legal counsel from the Attorney General's office.. Description: DEPARTMENT OF LANDS -- Amends existing law to prohibit the Department of Lands from engaging legal counsel from the Attorney General's office.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding hearings.. Description: BOARD OF TAX APPEALS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding hearings.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the ability of certain disabled veterans to transfer their veteran's property tax reduction and homestead exemption upon a change of homestead.. Description: VETERANS -- Amends existing law to provide for the ability of certain disabled veterans to transfer their veteran's property tax reduction and homestead exemption upon a change of homestead.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain persons shall not be prohibited from possessing weapons on school property.. Description: FIREARMS -- Amends existing law to provide that certain persons shall not be prohibited from possessing weapons on school property.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON AGING -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding development impact fee advisory committees.. Description: DEVELOPMENT IMPACT FEES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding development impact fee advisory committees.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding industrial hemp.. Description: INDUSTRIAL HEMP -- Amends and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding industrial hemp.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Broadband Fund and the Idaho Broadband Advisory Board.. Description: BROADBAND -- Adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Broadband Fund and the Idaho Broadband Advisory Board.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding delivery of title upon sale or disposition.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding delivery of title upon sale or disposition.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for exemptions from operating fees regarding certain uses of off-highway vehicles.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for exemptions from operating fees regarding certain uses of off-highway vehicles.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow for wider sidewalks or side paths if necessary.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to allow for wider sidewalks or side paths if necessary.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish the POW/MIA Memorial Highway in Idaho.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to establish the POW/MIA Memorial Highway in Idaho.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho enrolled a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a declaration of disaster emergency by the Governor.. Description: EMERGENCY DECLARATIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a declaration of disaster emergency by the Governor.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for at-large elections in certain political subdivisions.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Adds to existing law to provide for at-large elections in certain political subdivisions.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the Permanent Building Fund.. Description: DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- Repeals existing law relating to the Permanent Building Fund.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a state employee may donate sick leave as well as vacation leave.. Description: HUMAN RESOURCES DIVISION -- Amends existing law to provide that a state employee may donate sick leave as well as vacation leave.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit discrimination against certain persons on the basis of their vaccination status and to prohibit state contracts with companies that engage in such discrimination.. Description: MEDICAL CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT -- Adds to existing law to prohibit discrimination against certain persons on the basis of their vaccination status and to prohibit state contracts with companies that engage in such discrimination.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to provide that a state agency may not enter into a noncompetitive contract with a state institution of higher education unless authorized by the administrator of the Division of Purchasing.. Description: PUBLIC PROCUREMENT -- Adds to and amends existing law to provide that a state agency may not enter into a noncompetitive contract with a state institution of higher education unless authorized by the administrator of the Division of Purchasing.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify eligibility requirements.. Description: EMPLOYMENT SECURITY -- Amends existing law to clarify eligibility requirements.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to require the Building Code Board to adopt certain International Building Code provisions allowing for the use of mass timber.. Description: BUILDING CODE ACT -- Adds to existing law to require the Building Code Board to adopt certain International Building Code provisions allowing for the use of mass timber.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding an administrative hearing on a license suspension.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding an administrative hearing on a license suspension.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends session laws of the 2020 First Extraordinary Session to extend a sunset date to July 1, 2022.. Description: CORONAVIRUS LIMITED IMMUNITY ACT -- Amends session laws of the 2020 First Extraordinary Session to extend a sunset date to July 1, 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to revise and restructure the Commission of Pardons and Parole into a new chapter of Idaho Code.. Description: IDAHO COMMISSION OF PARDONS AND PAROLE -- Adds to and amends existing law to revise and restructure the Commission of Pardons and Parole into a new chapter of Idaho Code.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a tenant's security deposit shall be held in a separate account.. Description: SECURITY DEPOSITS -- Amends existing law to provide that a tenant's security deposit shall be held in a separate account.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain counties may opt out of vehicle inspection and maintenance programs under specified conditions.. Description: VEHICLE INSPECTION AND MAINTENANCE -- Amends existing law to provide that certain counties may opt out of vehicle inspection and maintenance programs under specified conditions.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the transfer of property between government bodies.. Description: GOVERNMENT PROPERTY -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the transfer of property between government bodies.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the definition of “public safety facilities.”. Description: DEVELOPMENT IMPACT FEES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the definition of “public safety facilities.”
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for a motor vehicle registration fee discount for active duty military members stationed outside of Idaho.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for a motor vehicle registration fee discount for active duty military members stationed outside of Idaho.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain vehicles are permitted to display only a rear license plate.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide that certain vehicles are permitted to display only a rear license plate.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding certain optional charges related to technical review and to remove certain sunset provisions from session laws.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding certain optional charges related to technical review and to remove certain sunset provisions from session laws.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain fee increases to provide additional funding to counties.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide for certain fee increases to provide additional funding to counties.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to designate the Bobby Chambers Memorial Highway.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Adds to existing law to designate the Bobby Chambers Memorial Highway.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for custom vehicle license plates.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for custom vehicle license plates.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove the prohibition of holding reindeer for domestic purposes north of the Salmon River.. Description: DOMESTIC CERVIDAE -- Amends existing law to remove the prohibition of holding reindeer for domestic purposes north of the Salmon River.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding rulemaking.. Description: DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding rulemaking.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain agency performance measures.. Description: STATE PLANNING AND COORDINATION -- Amends existing law to provide for certain agency performance measures.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding Idaho taxable income.. Description: INCOME TAX -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding Idaho taxable income.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding sales tax exemption certificates and resale certificates.. Description: SALES TAX -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding sales tax exemption certificates and resale certificates.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that students may receive credit for extended learning opportunities or by demonstrating prior knowledge of a content area.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to provide that students may receive credit for extended learning opportunities or by demonstrating prior knowledge of a content area.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish the School Safety and Security Program in the Office of the State Board of Education.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to establish the School Safety and Security Program in the Office of the State Board of Education.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a board of school district trustees may enter into a negotiation agreement with a local education organization.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that a board of school district trustees may enter into a negotiation agreement with a local education organization.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for in-person instruction when possible during an emergency.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide for in-person instruction when possible during an emergency.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for certain apprenticeship programs.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Adds to existing law to provide for certain apprenticeship programs.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for irrigation corporation boundary adjustments.. Description: WATER -- Adds to existing law to provide for irrigation corporation boundary adjustments.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding notification of change in ownership of water rights.. Description: WATER RIGHTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding notification of change in ownership of water rights.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that lands annexed to a district may be contiguous or noncontiguous to the existing district.. Description: FLOOD CONTROL DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to provide that lands annexed to a district may be contiguous or noncontiguous to the existing district.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding notices of claim associated with the use of stockwater on federal land and to revise provisions regarding the director's determination of specified elements to define and administer the water rights acquired under state law.. Description: WATER -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding notices of claim associated with the use of stockwater on federal land and to revise provisions regarding the director's determination of specified elements to define and administer the water rights acquired under state law.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for motorized use restrictions in recreational access agreements.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Adds to existing law to provide for motorized use restrictions in recreational access agreements.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for a delegation of parental powers to a temporary caregiver through a power of attorney and to provide requirements for temporary care assistance programs.. Description: DOMESTIC RELATIONS -- Adds to existing law to provide for a delegation of parental powers to a temporary caregiver through a power of attorney and to provide requirements for temporary care assistance programs.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a lien for child support delinquency attaches to certain property and to provide for calculation of a self-employed parent's financial resources for purposes of determining child support.. Description: CHILD SUPPORT -- Amends existing law to provide that a lien for child support delinquency attaches to certain property and to provide for calculation of a self-employed parent's financial resources for purposes of determining child support.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify qualifications of a precinct committeeman.. Description: PRECINCT COMMITTEEMAN -- Amends existing law to clarify qualifications of a precinct committeeman.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND WELFARE -- WELFARE DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that persons qualified to drive school buses who have retired may be rehired while still receiving PERSI benefits.. Description: PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- Amends existing law to provide that persons qualified to drive school buses who have retired may be rehired while still receiving PERSI benefits.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE POLICE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TAX COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Reduces appropriations for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OMNIBUS -- Reduces appropriations for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding federal Food and Drug Administration-approved labeling.. Description: PHARMACISTS -- Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding federal Food and Drug Administration-approved labeling.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the applicability of the sales and use tax to certain nonresidents and nonresident business entities purchasing vehicles in Idaho.. Description: SALES TAX -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the applicability of the sales and use tax to certain nonresidents and nonresident business entities purchasing vehicles in Idaho.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the market value of a residential property on appeal by a taxpayer.. Description: PROPERTY -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the market value of a residential property on appeal by a taxpayer.
In 2021, Idaho enrolled a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the responsibilities of the state tax commissioners.. Description: STATE TAX COMMISSION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the responsibilities of the state tax commissioners.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- MEDICAID -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for a rebuttable presumption regarding evidence of expenditures.. Description: INCOME TAXES -- Adds to existing law to provide for a rebuttable presumption regarding evidence of expenditures.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit the use of public funds for abortion.. Description: PUBLIC FUNDS FOR ABORTION -- Adds to existing law to prohibit the use of public funds for abortion.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for teacher certificates specific to a local education agency.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for teacher certificates specific to a local education agency.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a commission on continuous improvement plans and student achievement measures and to revise provisions regarding staff evaluations, college and career advising, and literacy intervention.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide for a commission on continuous improvement plans and student achievement measures and to revise provisions regarding staff evaluations, college and career advising, and literacy intervention.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit certain ballot collection activities.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit certain ballot collection activities.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Hispanic Affairs for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON HISPANIC AFFAIRS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Hispanic Affairs for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- PERMANENT BUILDING FUND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Juvenile Corrections for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF JUVENILE CORRECTIONS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Juvenile Corrections for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to increase fees for snowmobile use, to allocate such funds, and to establish a state snowmobile avalanche fund.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to increase fees for snowmobile use, to allocate such funds, and to establish a state snowmobile avalanche fund.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE APPELLATE PUBLIC DEFENDER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the independent candidate filing deadline for president or vice president.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the independent candidate filing deadline for president or vice president.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the alcoholic content of beer, to provide for a certain tax and revenue distribution, and to provide for the distribution of certain revenue to the Idaho Grape Growers and Wine Producers Account.. Description: ALCOHOL -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the alcoholic content of beer, to provide for a certain tax and revenue distribution, and to provide for the distribution of certain revenue to the Idaho Grape Growers and Wine Producers Account.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the prevention of a child's removal from the custody of a parent or guardian under certain circumstances.. Description: JUVENILES -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the prevention of a child's removal from the custody of a parent or guardian under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding preservation of public health by cities.. Description: CITIES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding preservation of public health by cities.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for sage grouse game tags, to revise provisions regarding fees for swan, sage grouse, and sharptail grouse, and to revise provisions regarding violations.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends existing law to provide for sage grouse game tags, to revise provisions regarding fees for swan, sage grouse, and sharptail grouse, and to revise provisions regarding violations.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and amends existing law to revise construction requirements and to provide for certain fees.. Description: PHOSPHATE -- Repeals and amends existing law to revise construction requirements and to provide for certain fees.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that the Department of Correction shall apply for a special use permit when establishing a new community reentry center.. Description: COMMUNITY REENTRY CENTERS -- Adds to existing law to provide that the Department of Correction shall apply for a special use permit when establishing a new community reentry center.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the installation of an ignition interlock device, to provide for a petition for relief in certain instances, and to revise provisions regarding judicial review.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the installation of an ignition interlock device, to provide for a petition for relief in certain instances, and to revise provisions regarding judicial review.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding a candidate's campaign account limits.. Description: CAMPAIGN FINANCE -- Amends existing law regarding a candidate's campaign account limits.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to prohibit foreign contributions, independent expenditures, and electioneering communications.. Description: CAMPAIGN FINANCE -- Amends and adds to existing law to prohibit foreign contributions, independent expenditures, and electioneering communications.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide that an emergency or disaster declaration shall not be considered a compelling governmental interest sufficient to restrict parental rights.. Description: DOMESTIC RELATIONS -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide that an emergency or disaster declaration shall not be considered a compelling governmental interest sufficient to restrict parental rights.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that a school district or public charter school may use part of its salary-based apportionment to pay for its employees to be covered by the state employee health insurance plan.. Description: PUBLIC SCHOOL FUNDING -- Adds to existing law to provide that a school district or public charter school may use part of its salary-based apportionment to pay for its employees to be covered by the state employee health insurance plan.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for permission to participate in instruction regarding human sexuality.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide for permission to participate in instruction regarding human sexuality.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that advanced opportunities funds may be used for college entrance examinations, preliminary college entrance examinations, and certain other costs.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that advanced opportunities funds may be used for college entrance examinations, preliminary college entrance examinations, and certain other costs.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the treatment of certain federal relief moneys when calculating Idaho taxable income.. Description: INCOME TAX -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the treatment of certain federal relief moneys when calculating Idaho taxable income.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the assessment of certain property actively devoted to agriculture.. Description: PROPERTY ASSESSMENTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the assessment of certain property actively devoted to agriculture.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain applicants shall not be deemed ineligible for a waterfront resort liquor license.. Description: ALCOHOL -- Amends existing law to provide that certain applicants shall not be deemed ineligible for a waterfront resort liquor license.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definitions of “disaster,” “militia,” and “disaster emergency account” and to define “epidemic” and “pandemic.”. Description: STATE DISASTER PREPAREDNESS ACT -- Amends existing law to revise the definitions of “disaster,” “militia,” and “disaster emergency account” and to define “epidemic” and “pandemic.”
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to define terms and to revise state budget terminology to be uniform and consistent.. Description: STATE BUDGETS -- Amends and adds to existing law to define terms and to revise state budget terminology to be uniform and consistent.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission of Pardons and Parole for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION OF PARDONS AND PAROLE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission of Pardons and Parole for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Workforce Development Council for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Workforce Development Council for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding public charter school facilities funds.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding public charter school facilities funds.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the state share of the Transportation Support Program following an emergency.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide for the state share of the Transportation Support Program following an emergency.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for cloud seeding in Idaho.. Description: WATER -- Adds to existing law to provide for cloud seeding in Idaho.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the water management account.. Description: WATER -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the water management account.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding extensions of time for construction, work, or application of water to full beneficial use.. Description: WATER -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding extensions of time for construction, work, or application of water to full beneficial use.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Defense Commission for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC DEFENSE COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Defense Commission for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on the Arts for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON THE ARTS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on the Arts for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SUPREME COURT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for proof of a lien and to provide that certain fees and costs are recoverable for a prevailing party.. Description: LIENS -- Adds to existing law to provide for proof of a lien and to provide that certain fees and costs are recoverable for a prevailing party.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the adjustable basis of depreciable property.. Description: INCOME TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the adjustable basis of depreciable property.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the right of a taxpayer to appear in person or through a representative of his choice at a hearing of the Board of Tax Appeals.. Description: TAX APPEALS -- Adds to existing law to provide for the right of a taxpayer to appear in person or through a representative of his choice at a hearing of the Board of Tax Appeals.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the sunset provision for the Committee on Federalism.. Description: COMMITTEE ON FEDERALISM -- Repeals existing law relating to the sunset provision for the Committee on Federalism.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding professional endorsements.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding professional endorsements.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission for the Blind and Visually Impaired for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION FOR THE BLIND AND VISUALLY IMPAIRED -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission for the Blind and Visually Impaired for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to Idaho Public Television for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO PUBLIC TELEVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to Idaho Public Television for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Catastrophic Health Care Program for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- CATASTROPHIC HEALTH CARE PROGRAM -- Relates to the appropriation to the Catastrophic Health Care Program for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise distribution provisions regarding certain fines and forfeitures.. Description: PUBLIC SHOOTING RANGES -- Amends existing law to revise distribution provisions regarding certain fines and forfeitures.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding verification of signatures of electors and petition signers.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding verification of signatures of electors and petition signers.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide a bill of rights for businesses during a disaster emergency or public health order.. Description: BUSINESS -- Amends existing law to provide a bill of rights for businesses during a disaster emergency or public health order.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide certain exemptions regarding electrical contractors and journeymen and to provide for preemption of local jurisdictions and the state fire marshal as to such exemptions.. Description: ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS AND JOURNEYMEN -- Amends existing law to provide certain exemptions regarding electrical contractors and journeymen and to provide for preemption of local jurisdictions and the state fire marshal as to such exemptions.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for reimbursement to parents for eligible education expenses under certain circumstances.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for reimbursement to parents for eligible education expenses under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish the Strong Students Grant Program and the Strong Students Scholarship Program, which provide funds to eligible students for certain education expenses.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to establish the Strong Students Grant Program and the Strong Students Scholarship Program, which provide funds to eligible students for certain education expenses.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that school officials shall provide parents and guardians with certain information in communications regarding student immunizations.. Description: IMMUNIZATIONS -- Amends existing law to provide that school officials shall provide parents and guardians with certain information in communications regarding student immunizations.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit the providing of college credit to influence a student's vote.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to prohibit the providing of college credit to influence a student's vote.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain printed material regarding Down syndrome be made available to physicians, hospitals, or other facilities providing abortion and abortion-related services.. Description: ABORTION -- Amends existing law to provide that certain printed material regarding Down syndrome be made available to physicians, hospitals, or other facilities providing abortion and abortion-related services.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Liquor Division for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE LIQUOR DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Liquor Division for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Lottery for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE LOTTERY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Lottery for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the regulatory boards, medical boards, and the Division of Building Safety for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Relates to the appropriation to the regulatory boards, medical boards, and the Division of Building Safety for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and amends existing law to revise right-of-way provisions.. Description: IRRIGATION -- Repeals and amends existing law to revise right-of-way provisions.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO TRANSPORTATION DEPARTMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the property tax deferral program.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the property tax deferral program.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Industrial Commission for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Industrial Commission for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Fish and Game for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF FISH AND GAME -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Fish and Game for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the state-directed opioid settlement fund.. Description: PUBLIC FUNDS -- Adds to existing law to establish the state-directed opioid settlement fund.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to provide for additional county aid to public health districts and to revise provisions regarding health districts.. Description: HEALTH -- Adds to and amends existing law to provide for additional county aid to public health districts and to revise provisions regarding health districts.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the affected business entity tax.. Description: INCOME TAX -- Adds to existing law to provide for the affected business entity tax.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education for Community Colleges for fiscal years 2021 and 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMUNITY COLLEGES -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education for Community Colleges for fiscal years 2021 and 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for city officer elections in even-numbered years, to provide for the transition of certain city elections from at large to by district, and to revise provisions regarding the redistricting of city council districts.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to provide for city officer elections in even-numbered years, to provide for the transition of certain city elections from at large to by district, and to revise provisions regarding the redistricting of city council districts.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for a procedure regarding nonrecognition of certain federal actions.. Description: FEDERALISM PROCEDURE -- Adds to existing law to provide for a procedure regarding nonrecognition of certain federal actions.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Endowment Fund Investment Board for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- ENDOWMENT FUND INVESTMENT BOARD -- Relates to the appropriation to the Endowment Fund Investment Board for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- FAMILY AND COMMUNITY SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO TRANSPORTATION DEPARTMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that school boards shall have the authority to adopt policies and procedures regarding student clubs and organizations.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that school boards shall have the authority to adopt policies and procedures regarding student clubs and organizations.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding income tax rates and the Tax Relief Fund and to provide for a onetime income tax rebate.. Description: INCOME TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding income tax rates and the Tax Relief Fund and to provide for a onetime income tax rebate.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Employee Retirement System of Idaho for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PERSI -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Employee Retirement System of Idaho for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for placement of juveniles in the custody of the Department of Health and Welfare in qualified residential treatment programs when appropriate and to provide for an extension of foster care.. Description: JUVENILES -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for placement of juveniles in the custody of the Department of Health and Welfare in qualified residential treatment programs when appropriate and to provide for an extension of foster care.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE POLICE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE CONTROLLER -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the prohibition of mask mandates.. Description: MASK MANDATES -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the prohibition of mask mandates.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LEGISLATIVE BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to increase funding for state and local transportation through sales tax.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to increase funding for state and local transportation through sales tax.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SUPREME COURT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding voter identification.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding voter identification.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Catastrophic Health Care Program for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- CATASTROPHIC HEALTH CARE PROGRAM -- Relates to the appropriation to the Catastrophic Health Care Program for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF OCCUPATIONAL AND PROFESSIONAL LICENSES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding city appropriation ordinances.. Description: CITIES -- Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding city appropriation ordinances.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions for postelection audits of selected ballots.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions for postelection audits of selected ballots.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding appointments and elections to fill vacant school trustee positions after a recall or resignation following a recall petition.. Description: SCHOOL TRUSTEE ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding appointments and elections to fill vacant school trustee positions after a recall or resignation following a recall petition.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Administrators for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- ADMINISTRATORS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Administrators for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Operations for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- OPERATIONS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Operations for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Children's Programs for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- CHILDREN'S PROGRAMS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Children's Programs for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Facilities for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- FACILITIES DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Facilities for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Central Services for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- CENTRAL SERVICES DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Central Services for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Educational Services for the Deaf and the Blind for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- EDUCATIONAL SERVICES FOR THE DEAF AND THE BLIND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Educational Services for the Deaf and the Blind for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a declaration of disaster emergency by the Governor.. Description: EMERGENCY DECLARATIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a declaration of disaster emergency by the Governor.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to increase funding for state and local transportation through sales tax.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to increase funding for state and local transportation through sales tax.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit certain local regulations and taxes relating to tobacco products and electronic smoking devices.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to prohibit certain local regulations and taxes relating to tobacco products and electronic smoking devices.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Protecting Critical Thinking in Higher Education Act.. Description: PROTECTING CRITICAL THINKING IN HIGHER EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to establish the Protecting Critical Thinking in Higher Education Act.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit an abortion following detection of a fetal heartbeat.. Description: FETAL HEARTBEAT PREBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT -- Adds to existing law to prohibit an abortion following detection of a fetal heartbeat.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriations to the Office of the State Controller and the Legislative Services Office for fiscal years 2021 and 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Relates to the appropriations to the Office of the State Controller and the Legislative Services Office for fiscal years 2021 and 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- WELFARE DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE POLICE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Education for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Education for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO COMMISSION FOR LIBRARIES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- FAMILY AND COMMUNITY SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to clarify the effective dates for certain acts or sections of acts enacted by the First Regular Session of the Sixty-sixth Idaho Legislature.. Description: LEGISLATIVE SESSION -- EFFECTIVE DATES -- Adds to existing law to clarify the effective dates for certain acts or sections of acts enacted by the First Regular Session of the Sixty-sixth Idaho Legislature.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding dignity and nondiscrimination in public education and to prohibit the expenditure of moneys for certain purposes.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding dignity and nondiscrimination in public education and to prohibit the expenditure of moneys for certain purposes.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding income taxes, to revise provisions regarding the Tax Relief Fund, and to establish the 2021 Idaho Tax Rebate Fund.. Description: TAXATION -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding income taxes, to revise provisions regarding the Tax Relief Fund, and to establish the 2021 Idaho Tax Rebate Fund.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding motor vehicles.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding motor vehicles.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND WELFARE -- MEDICAID -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Lieutenant Governor for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Lieutenant Governor for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- MILITARY DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- TEACHERS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Operations for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- OPERATIONS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Operations for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for College and Universities and the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITIES -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for College and Universities and the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Children's Programs for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- CHILDREN'S PROGRAMS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Children's Programs for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the homeowner exemption, the circuitbreaker tax reduction, the disabled veterans tax reduction, the property tax deferral program, and the taxation of personal property.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the homeowner exemption, the circuitbreaker tax reduction, the disabled veterans tax reduction, the property tax deferral program, and the taxation of personal property.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding taxable income and the State Tax Commission.. Description: TAXATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding taxable income and the State Tax Commission.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a declaration of disaster emergency by the Governor and to provide that the Governor may not alter, adjust, or create any provisions of the Idaho Code.. Description: EMERGENCY DECLARATIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a declaration of disaster emergency by the Governor and to provide that the Governor may not alter, adjust, or create any provisions of the Idaho Code.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a declaration of disaster emergency by the Governor.. Description: EMERGENCY DECLARATIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a declaration of disaster emergency by the Governor.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise effective dates.. Description: EFFECTIVE DATES -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise effective dates.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- WELFARE DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the public health districts for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC HEALTH DISTRICTS -- Relates to the appropriation to the public health districts for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- PERMANENT BUILDING FUND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Children's Programs for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- CHILDREN'S PROGRAMS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Children's Programs for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON AGING -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- WELFARE DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO TRANSPORTATION DEPARTMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the expenditure of certain funds.. Description: NONCOGNIZABLE FUNDS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the expenditure of certain funds.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide effective dates.. Description: EFFECTIVE DATES -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide effective dates.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- PERMANENT BUILDING FUND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit certain discrimination based upon immunization status.. Description: IMMUNIZATIONS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit certain discrimination based upon immunization status.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide a religious exemption for any mandated medical treatment.. Description: RELIGIOUS FREEDOM -- Adds to existing law to provide a religious exemption for any mandated medical treatment.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to require exemptions from employee immunization requirements.. Description: EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS -- Adds to existing law to require exemptions from employee immunization requirements.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that vaccine-related injuries shall be compensable and to provide for construction of the law in favor of compensation for the victims of such injuries.. Description: WORKER'S COMPENSATION -- Adds to existing law to provide that vaccine-related injuries shall be compensable and to provide for construction of the law in favor of compensation for the victims of such injuries.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit employers from requiring proof of the COVID-19 vaccine.. Description: LABOR CONTRACTS -- Amends existing law to prohibit employers from requiring proof of the COVID-19 vaccine.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit proof of vaccination for certain purposes and to provide penalties and exceptions.. Description: IMMUNIZATIONS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit proof of vaccination for certain purposes and to provide penalties and exceptions.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to authorize water districts to charge fees to certain water delivery organizations and water users.. Description: WATER DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to authorize water districts to charge fees to certain water delivery organizations and water users.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding school-required actons to prevent the spread of infectious disease.. Description: SCHOOLS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding school-required actons to prevent the spread of infectious disease.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Twenty-seventh Payroll Fund.. Description: TWENTY-SEVENTH PAYROLL FUND -- Adds to existing law to establish the Twenty-seventh Payroll Fund.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to enact the Idaho Literacy Achievement and Accountability Act.. Description: IDAHO LITERACY ACHIEVEMENT AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to enact the Idaho Literacy Achievement and Accountability Act.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that local salary schedules for public school staff salaries shall include certain minimum amounts and to clarify eligibility requirements for professional endorsements and advanced professional endorsements.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that local salary schedules for public school staff salaries shall include certain minimum amounts and to clarify eligibility requirements for professional endorsements and advanced professional endorsements.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify that the state fire marshal and the state fire marshal's deputies are considered firefighters for purposes of the Public Employee Retirement System (PERSI) and certain worker's compensation benefits for first responders.. Description: STATE FIRE MARSHAL -- Amends existing law to clarify that the state fire marshal and the state fire marshal's deputies are considered firefighters for purposes of the Public Employee Retirement System (PERSI) and certain worker's compensation benefits for first responders.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding burial expenses.. Description: WORKER'S COMPENSATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding burial expenses.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding plane coordinate systems used in Idaho.. Description: LAND SURVEYING -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding plane coordinate systems used in Idaho.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove obsolete language and to prohibit certain limitations on filing a complaint with the board.. Description: DENTISTRY -- Amends existing law to remove obsolete language and to prohibit certain limitations on filing a complaint with the board.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the regulations and requirements regarding commercial transactions.. Description: COMMERCIAL TRANSACTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise the regulations and requirements regarding commercial transactions.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the regulations and requirements for collection agencies.. Description: COLLECTION AGENCIES -- Amends existing law to revise the regulations and requirements for collection agencies.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the protection of domestic water.. Description: DOMESTIC WATER -- Repeals existing law relating to the protection of domestic water.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to replace the Respiratory Care Practice Act.. Description: RESPIRATORY CARE PRACTICE ACT -- Repeals and adds to existing law to replace the Respiratory Care Practice Act.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain synthetic drugs and controlled substances.. Description: CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Amends existing law to provide for certain synthetic drugs and controlled substances.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Repeals and amends existing law to remove provisions relating to the State Historical Society.. Description: STATE HISTORICAL SOCIETY -- Repeals and amends existing law to remove provisions relating to the State Historical Society.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding the limitation of liability of landowners toward persons entering land for recreational purposes.. Description: LANDOWNERS -- Amends existing law regarding the limitation of liability of landowners toward persons entering land for recreational purposes.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Appropriates and transfers $4,000,000 from the General Fund to the Legislative Legal Defense Fund for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LEGISLATIVE BRANCH -- Appropriates and transfers $4,000,000 from the General Fund to the Legislative Legal Defense Fund for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Appropriates and transfers $279,000 from the General Fund to the Pest Control Deficiency Fund for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Appropriates and transfers $279,000 from the General Fund to the Pest Control Deficiency Fund for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove hiring authority from various individual licensing boards.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Amends existing law to remove hiring authority from various individual licensing boards.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that various occupational licensing boards shall be integrated into the Division of Occupational and Professional Licensing.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Amends existing law to provide that various occupational licensing boards shall be integrated into the Division of Occupational and Professional Licensing.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for a claim of compensation for a wrongful conviction.. Description: IDAHO WRONGFUL CONVICTION ACT -- Adds to existing law to provide for a claim of compensation for a wrongful conviction.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise Legislative Account distributions.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- Amends existing law to revise Legislative Account distributions.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission of Pardons and Parole for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION OF PARDONS AND PAROLE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission of Pardons and Parole for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and repeals existing law relating to the State Appellate Public Defender Act.. Description: STATE APPELLATE PUBLIC DEFENDER ACT -- Adds to and repeals existing law relating to the State Appellate Public Defender Act.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding a hearing on the appropriateness of an appointment.. Description: TEMPORARY GUARDIANS -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding a hearing on the appropriateness of an appointment.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding when a court may continue a hearing.. Description: HOSPITALIZATION OF THE MENTALLY ILL -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding when a court may continue a hearing.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and amends existing law to remove provisions relating to obsolete public assistance programs.. Description: PUBLIC ASSISTANCE -- Repeals and amends existing law to remove provisions relating to obsolete public assistance programs.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for a workforce readiness and career technical education diploma.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for a workforce readiness and career technical education diploma.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding excessive increased prices during an emergency.. Description: CONSUMER PROTECTION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding excessive increased prices during an emergency.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding professional service contracts.. Description: PUBLIC CONTRACTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding professional service contracts.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that school board hearings on student discipline must be held in executive session.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that school board hearings on student discipline must be held in executive session.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide a certain limitation on the use of eminent domain by an urban renewal district and to provide that property of an urban renewal agency shall revert to the municipality upon dissolution.. Description: URBAN RENEWAL -- Amends existing law to provide a certain limitation on the use of eminent domain by an urban renewal district and to provide that property of an urban renewal agency shall revert to the municipality upon dissolution.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide advanced opportunities funding for nonpublic school students, subject to appropriation.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to provide advanced opportunities funding for nonpublic school students, subject to appropriation.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the creation of innovation classrooms in which an alternative curriculum will be taught.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for the creation of innovation classrooms in which an alternative curriculum will be taught.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that waterfront resort licenses shall remain valid and may be transferred in certain instances.. Description: ALCOHOL -- Amends existing law to provide that waterfront resort licenses shall remain valid and may be transferred in certain instances.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions of the Idaho Bank Act.. Description: BANKING -- Amends existing law to revise provisions of the Idaho Bank Act.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain information be included in an annual report submitted to the Governor and Legislature by the administrator of the Division of Human Resources.. Description: PERSONNEL SYSTEM -- Amends existing law to provide that certain information be included in an annual report submitted to the Governor and Legislature by the administrator of the Division of Human Resources.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to make codifier's corrections.. Description: CODIFIER'S CORRECTIONS -- Amends existing law to make codifier's corrections.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “sport shooting range” and to define “expanding” and “increasing.”. Description: SPORT SHOOTING RANGES -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “sport shooting range” and to define “expanding” and “increasing.”
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that licensing boards and entities under the Department of Self-Governing Agencies shall be organized under the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSES -- Amends existing law to provide that licensing boards and entities under the Department of Self-Governing Agencies shall be organized under the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain persons shall not be an appointed trustee of the library board and to revise a provision regarding the hiring of library employees.. Description: PUBLIC LIBRARIES -- Amends existing law to provide that certain persons shall not be an appointed trustee of the library board and to revise a provision regarding the hiring of library employees.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the approval or extension of orders applicable to all persons in a county or public health district and to provide for an infraction.. Description: PUBLIC HEALTH DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to provide for the approval or extension of orders applicable to all persons in a county or public health district and to provide for an infraction.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain election deadlines.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding certain election deadlines.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding write-in candidates and signature verifications.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding write-in candidates and signature verifications.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the storage of records belonging to the Secretary of State.. Description: SECRETARY OF STATE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the storage of records belonging to the Secretary of State.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the issuance of absentee ballots for a primary election.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the issuance of absentee ballots for a primary election.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding the Governor's ability to use a faxed signature on notary public appointments and commissions.. Description: NOTARIES PUBLIC -- Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding the Governor's ability to use a faxed signature on notary public appointments and commissions.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the administration of elections.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the administration of elections.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for an adjournment date sine die and to provide exceptions.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- Amends existing law to provide for an adjournment date sine die and to provide exceptions.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding resolving issues with absentee ballots.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding resolving issues with absentee ballots.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding absentee ballots.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding absentee ballots.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding the filling of vacancies.. Description: IRRIGATION DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law regarding the filling of vacancies.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain real property is not subject to adverse possession.. Description: IRRIGATION -- Amends existing law to provide that certain real property is not subject to adverse possession.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Repeals and amends existing law to revise right-of-way provisions.. Description: IRRIGATION -- Repeals and amends existing law to revise right-of-way provisions.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for a kindergarten jump-start program and training for parents.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for a kindergarten jump-start program and training for parents.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the printing and preserving of session laws.. Description: SESSION LAWS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the printing and preserving of session laws.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the recording of death certificates and to clarify that certain documents must be recorded.. Description: COUNTY RECORDERS -- Amends existing law to provide for the recording of death certificates and to clarify that certain documents must be recorded.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the Agricultural Best Management Practices (BMP) Fund.. Description: ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY -- Adds to existing law to provide for the Agricultural Best Management Practices (BMP) Fund.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Catastrophic Health Care Program for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- CATASTROPHIC HEALTH CARE PROGRAM -- Relates to the appropriation to the Catastrophic Health Care Program for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to provide that the manager of the State Insurance Fund shall be the custodian of the fund and to provide that employees of the fund hired after a certain date shall participate in a certain sick leave program.. Description: INSURANCE -- Amends and repeals existing law to provide that the manager of the State Insurance Fund shall be the custodian of the fund and to provide that employees of the fund hired after a certain date shall participate in a certain sick leave program.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a more streamlined licensure by endorsement process for military members, veterans, and spouses.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Amends existing law to provide for a more streamlined licensure by endorsement process for military members, veterans, and spouses.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding sunrise review to provide for the addition of sunset review.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Amends existing law regarding sunrise review to provide for the addition of sunset review.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit a public entity from entering into certain contracts with companies that boycott Israel.. Description: ANTI-BOYCOTT AGAINST ISRAEL ACT -- Adds to existing law to prohibit a public entity from entering into certain contracts with companies that boycott Israel.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to raise the age of legal possession and use of tobacco products and electronic smoking devices to 21.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to raise the age of legal possession and use of tobacco products and electronic smoking devices to 21.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for certain limitations on fees for residential tenants.. Description: FORCIBLE ENTRY AND UNLAWFUL DETAINER -- Adds to existing law to provide for certain limitations on fees for residential tenants.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding rape where the victim is under the age of 16 or is 16 or 17 years of age and repeals existing law relating to rape of a spouse.. Description: RAPE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding rape where the victim is under the age of 16 or is 16 or 17 years of age and repeals existing law relating to rape of a spouse.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for reimbursement for new in-state hospitals serving as Medicaid providers.. Description: MEDICAID -- Amends existing law to provide for reimbursement for new in-state hospitals serving as Medicaid providers.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide requirements for physician assistants who practice at certain facilities or practices or who own a medical practice.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Amends existing law to provide requirements for physician assistants who practice at certain facilities or practices or who own a medical practice.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO TRANSPORTATION DEPARTMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for board members to be compensated via honorarium.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to provide for board members to be compensated via honorarium.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish a catastrophic line of duty benefit for public safety officers.. Description: PERSI -- Adds to existing law to establish a catastrophic line of duty benefit for public safety officers.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of highways to include certain public transportation and pedestrian infrastructure.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of highways to include certain public transportation and pedestrian infrastructure.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for vacation of certain rights-of-way without compensation.. Description: HIGHWAYS AND BRIDGES -- Amends existing law to provide for vacation of certain rights-of-way without compensation.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for electronic motor vehicle registration.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide for electronic motor vehicle registration.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish an Idaho Air Travel Enhancement Program.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Adds to existing law to establish an Idaho Air Travel Enhancement Program.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain on-track equipment on railroad tracks.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide for certain on-track equipment on railroad tracks.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise bond and levy expiration date information.. Description: BONDS AND LEVIES -- Amends existing law to revise bond and levy expiration date information.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a highway district shall be financially responsible for certain urban renewal projects if it reaches an agreement with the urban renewal agency.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide that a highway district shall be financially responsible for certain urban renewal projects if it reaches an agreement with the urban renewal agency.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise signature requirements for ballot initiative or referendum petitions.. Description: BALLOT INITIATIVES -- Amends existing law to revise signature requirements for ballot initiative or referendum petitions.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding city election procedures and to provide that city elections shall be held in even years beginning in 2024.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding city election procedures and to provide that city elections shall be held in even years beginning in 2024.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide certain requirements for a special session convened by the Legislature.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- Adds to existing law to provide certain requirements for a special session convened by the Legislature.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove provisions regarding a performance framework and to revise provisions regarding the Public Charter School Commission.. Description: PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS -- Amends existing law to remove provisions regarding a performance framework and to revise provisions regarding the Public Charter School Commission.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding expulsion or denial of enrollment for students who possess dangerous or deadly weapons or firearms on school property.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding expulsion or denial of enrollment for students who possess dangerous or deadly weapons or firearms on school property.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding when a sheriff can auction abandoned property.. Description: PROPERTY -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding when a sheriff can auction abandoned property.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF WATER RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise references to soil conservation districts and the state Soil and Water Conservation Commission and to remove provisions regarding the Idaho OnePlan.. Description: SOIL CONSERVATION -- Amends existing law to revise references to soil conservation districts and the state Soil and Water Conservation Commission and to remove provisions regarding the Idaho OnePlan.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain moneys regarding Lava Hot Springs are continuously appropriated.. Description: LAVA HOT SPRINGS -- Amends existing law to provide that certain moneys regarding Lava Hot Springs are continuously appropriated.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding contracts with providers of dental services.. Description: INSURANCE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding contracts with providers of dental services.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for virtual care access.. Description: VIRTUAL CARE ACCESS -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for virtual care access.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definitions of “burglary” and “commercial burglary.”. Description: BURGLARY -- Amends existing law to revise the definitions of “burglary” and “commercial burglary.”
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding garnishment procedures.. Description: GARNISHMENTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding garnishment procedures.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to limit the time during which a temporary guardianship may be extended, to provide that a court must take certain action prior to the end of the extension period, and to provide that no temporary guardianship may last longer than 12 months.. Description: GUARDIANS OF MINORS -- Amends existing law to limit the time during which a temporary guardianship may be extended, to provide that a court must take certain action prior to the end of the extension period, and to provide that no temporary guardianship may last longer than 12 months.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Disaster Emergency Account.. Description: STATE DISASTER EMERGENCY ACCOUNT -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Disaster Emergency Account.
In 2021, Idaho enrolled a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the authority of the Governor during a state of extreme peril and to provide that the Governor may not alter, adjust, or suspend any provision of Idaho Code in certain instances.. Description: MARTIAL LAW -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the authority of the Governor during a state of extreme peril and to provide that the Governor may not alter, adjust, or suspend any provision of Idaho Code in certain instances.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the salaries of justices of the Idaho Supreme Court.. Description: JUDGES -- Amends existing law to revise the salaries of justices of the Idaho Supreme Court.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- MILITARY DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define terms, to revise definitions, and to revise the powers and duties of the director of the Department of Health and Welfare.. Description: HEALTH AND WELFARE -- Amends existing law to define terms, to revise definitions, and to revise the powers and duties of the director of the Department of Health and Welfare.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Veterans Services for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF VETERANS SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Veterans Services for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Utilities Commission for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Utilities Commission for fiscal year 2022.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding dry needling by physical therapists.. Description: OCCUPATIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding dry needling by physical therapists.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Energy and Mineral Resources for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF ENERGY AND MINERAL RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Energy and Mineral Resources for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding standards for Medicare supplement policies and certificates.. Description: INSURANCE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding standards for Medicare supplement policies and certificates.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Labor for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF LABOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Labor for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Soil and Water Conservation Commission for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SOIL AND WATER CONSERVATION COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Soil and Water Conservation Commission for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Species Conservation for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF SPECIES CONSERVATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Species Conservation for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Agricultural Research and Cooperative Extension Service for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH AND COOPERATIVE EXTENSION SERVICE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Agricultural Research and Cooperative Extension Service for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the STEM Action Center for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STEM ACTION CENTER -- Relates to the appropriation to the STEM Action Center for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho enrolled a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the circulation and signing of petitions for a ballot initiative.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the circulation and signing of petitions for a ballot initiative.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON AGING -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Insurance for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF INSURANCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Insurance for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- CAREER TECHNICAL EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Bond Payments Program for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- BOND PAYMENTS PROGRAM -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Bond Payments Program for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Idaho State Capitol Commission for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- CAPITOL COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Idaho State Capitol Commission for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Finance for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Finance for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Independent Living Council for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE INDEPENDENT LIVING COUNCIL -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Independent Living Council for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF LANDS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO COMMISSION FOR LIBRARIES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- WELFARE DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF HUMAN RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit the use of private moneys for the administration of elections.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit the use of private moneys for the administration of elections.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exception from restriction on entering or remaining upon the premises of a retail wine establishment.. Description: ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES -- Amends existing law to provide an exception from restriction on entering or remaining upon the premises of a retail wine establishment.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- PERMANENT BUILDING FUND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Health Education Programs for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH EDUCATION PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Health Education Programs for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Wolf Depredation Control Board for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- WOLF DEPREDATION CONTROL BOARD -- Relates to the appropriation to the Wolf Depredation Control Board for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OITS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the retention of a percentage of advance deposit wagering moneys by the Idaho State Racing Commission for racing administration.. Description: PARI-MUTUEL BETTING -- Amends existing law to provide for the retention of a percentage of advance deposit wagering moneys by the Idaho State Racing Commission for racing administration.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for College and Universities and the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal years 2021 and 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITIES -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for College and Universities and the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal years 2021 and 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Historical Society for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE HISTORICAL SOCIETY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Historical Society for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- OTHER PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit an abortion following detection of a fetal heartbeat.. Description: FETAL HEARTBEAT PREBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT -- Adds to existing law to prohibit an abortion following detection of a fetal heartbeat.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SECRETARY OF STATE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- MEDICAID -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Treasurer for fiscal years 2021 and 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TREASURER -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Treasurer for fiscal years 2021 and 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Special Programs for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SPECIAL PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Special Programs for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Drug Policy for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF DRUG POLICY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Drug Policy for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF WATER RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SUPREME COURT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Charter School Commission for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOL COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Charter School Commission for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Labor for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF LABOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Labor for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Board of Tax Appeals for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- BOARD OF TAX APPEALS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Board of Tax Appeals for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TAX COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends Senate Bill 1027 to revise provisions regarding compensation related to a wrongful conviction.. Description: IDAHO WRONGFUL CONVICTION ACT -- Amends Senate Bill 1027 to revise provisions regarding compensation related to a wrongful conviction.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Lieutenant Governor for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Lieutenant Governor for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Appropriates and transfers moneys from the General Fund to the Innocence Fund for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Appropriates and transfers moneys from the General Fund to the Innocence Fund for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that ARPA moneys are cognizable and to create governing principles and funds for their expenditure.. Description: AMERICAN RESCUE PLAN ACT MONEYS -- Adds to existing law to provide that ARPA moneys are cognizable and to create governing principles and funds for their expenditure.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the prohibition of regulation of certain firearms and to prohibit certain regulation of firearms.. Description: FIREARMS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the prohibition of regulation of certain firearms and to prohibit certain regulation of firearms.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Attorney General for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- ATTORNEY GENERAL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the Attorney General for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LEGISLATIVE BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE CONTROLLER -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2022.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define “temporary alcohol-drug abuse treatment facility.”. Description: CHILD CARE LICENSING -- Amends existing law to define “temporary alcohol-drug abuse treatment facility.”
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the powers and duties of the Idaho Wolf Depredation Control Board, wolf control assessments, the taking of wolves, and the control of depredation of wolves on livestock, domestic animals, and wildlife populations.. Description: WOLVES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the powers and duties of the Idaho Wolf Depredation Control Board, wolf control assessments, the taking of wolves, and the control of depredation of wolves on livestock, domestic animals, and wildlife populations.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICES -- WELFARE DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Education for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Education for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to year-end appropriations and transfers.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Relates to year-end appropriations and transfers.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF WATER RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Drug Policy for fiscal year 2022.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF DRUG POLICY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Drug Policy for fiscal year 2022.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and repeals existing law to authorize the Governor to proclaim a state of extreme emergency and to provide that the Governor shall have certain powers, duties, and limitations during a declared state of extreme emergency.. Description: STATE OF EXTREME EMERGENCY -- Adds to and repeals existing law to authorize the Governor to proclaim a state of extreme emergency and to provide that the Governor shall have certain powers, duties, and limitations during a declared state of extreme emergency.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit the commercial promotion or advertisement of controlled substances.. Description: CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Amends existing law to prohibit the commercial promotion or advertisement of controlled substances.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE CONTROLLER -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for fiscal year 2021.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and declares that the portion of the December 30, 2020, order regarding the prohibition on gatherings of more than 10 people is null, void, and of no force and effect.. Description: ORDERS OF THE GOVERNOR -- States findings of the Legislature and declares that the portion of the December 30, 2020, order regarding the prohibition on gatherings of more than 10 people is null, void, and of no force and effect.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and recognizes the historical importance of the commissioning of the USS IDAHO SSN-799.. Description: NAVAL FLEET -- States findings of the Legislature and recognizes the historical importance of the commissioning of the USS IDAHO SSN-799.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and declares that the portion of the February 2, 2021, guidelines regarding the prohibition on gatherings of more than 50 people is null, void, and of no force and effect.. Description: ORDERS OF THE GOVERNOR -- States findings of the Legislature and declares that the portion of the February 2, 2021, guidelines regarding the prohibition on gatherings of more than 50 people is null, void, and of no force and effect.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and requests that the Department of Insurance consult with insurance industry leaders to determine how to make medically necessary prescription formula available to infants and children in Idaho.. Description: INSURANCE -- States findings of the Legislature and requests that the Department of Insurance consult with insurance industry leaders to determine how to make medically necessary prescription formula available to infants and children in Idaho.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to appoint a committee to undertake and complete a study of natural resource issues.. Description: NATURAL RESOURCE ISSUES STUDY -- States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to appoint a committee to undertake and complete a study of natural resource issues.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and directs the Committee on Federalism to study the fair taxable value of certain federal lands.. Description: PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES -- States findings of the Legislature and directs the Committee on Federalism to study the fair taxable value of certain federal lands.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and recognizes the centennial of the Idaho State Capitol's dedication.. Description: STATE AFFAIRS -- States findings of the Legislature and recognizes the centennial of the Idaho State Capitol's dedication.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and recognizes 988 as the universal mental health and suicide prevention crisis phone number.. Description: HEALTH -- States findings of the Legislature and recognizes 988 as the universal mental health and suicide prevention crisis phone number.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and encourages continued recognition of March 14 as Idaho Women's Day.. Description: IDAHO WOMEN'S DAY -- States findings of the Legislature and encourages continued recognition of March 14 as Idaho Women's Day.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and declares that the Legislature shall oppose efforts to require, mandate, or force any person to receive any immunization, vaccination, inoculation, medical procedure, or genetic modulation against that person's will.. Description: HEALTH -- States findings of the Legislature and declares that the Legislature shall oppose efforts to require, mandate, or force any person to receive any immunization, vaccination, inoculation, medical procedure, or genetic modulation against that person's will.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to appoint a legislative interim study committee on property taxes and revenue expenditures.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Legislative Council to appoint a legislative interim study committee on property taxes and revenue expenditures.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and congratulates Legislative Services Office Director Eric Milstead on his retirement.. Description: ERIC MILSTEAD -- States findings of the Legislature and congratulates Legislative Services Office Director Eric Milstead on his retirement.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and creates a legislative interim study committee to study and make recommendations regarding the expenditure of federal funds received for water infrastructure purposes under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021.. Description: ARPA FUNDS -- States findings of the Legislature and creates a legislative interim study committee to study and make recommendations regarding the expenditure of federal funds received for water infrastructure purposes under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and creates a legislative interim committee to study and make recommendations regarding the expenditure of certain federal funds received under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021.. Description: ARPA FUNDS -- States findings of the Legislature and creates a legislative interim committee to study and make recommendations regarding the expenditure of certain federal funds received under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and creates a legislative interim committee to study and make recommendations regarding the expenditure of federal funds for sewer and broadband infrastructure under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021.. Description: ARPA FUNDS -- States findings of the Legislature and creates a legislative interim committee to study and make recommendations regarding the expenditure of federal funds for sewer and broadband infrastructure under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the legislature and directs the Idaho Water Resource Board to continue to work expeditiously with local water users to complete a comprehensive settlement that resolves current tensions and conflicts over the use of Lemhi Basin high flows.. Description: LEMHI BASIN -- States findings of the legislature and directs the Idaho Water Resource Board to continue to work expeditiously with local water users to complete a comprehensive settlement that resolves current tensions and conflicts over the use of Lemhi Basin high flows.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves the recess of the First Regular Session of the Sixty-sixth Idaho Legislature, May 6 through May 11, reconvening on May 12.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves the recess of the First Regular Session of the Sixty-sixth Idaho Legislature, May 6 through May 11, reconvening on May 12.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves the recess of the First Regular Session of the Sixty-sixth Idaho Legislature, subject to the call of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate no later than September 1, 2021.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- States findings of the Legislature and approves the recess of the First Regular Session of the Sixty-sixth Idaho Legislature, subject to the call of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate no later than September 1, 2021.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and encourages the activation of closed captioning on television monitors in public venues.. Description: COMMUNICATIONS -- States findings of the Legislature and encourages the activation of closed captioning on television monitors in public venues.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and supports the Ririe Reservoir project to more properly balance Ririe Reservoir water supply and irrigation supplies with adequate flood control.. Description: RIRIE RESERVOIR -- States findings of the Legislature and supports the Ririe Reservoir project to more properly balance Ririe Reservoir water supply and irrigation supplies with adequate flood control.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and rejects a certain rule of the State Board of Education relating to Rules Governing Administration.. Description: STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- RULE REJECTION -- States findings of the Legislature and rejects a certain rule of the State Board of Education relating to Rules Governing Administration.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Idaho Wheat Commission to enter into agreements with the State Building Authority to finance the construction of a new building.. Description: IDAHO WHEAT COMMISSION -- States findings of the Legislature and authorizes the Idaho Wheat Commission to enter into agreements with the State Building Authority to finance the construction of a new building.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish an interim committee to complete a study of driver authorization cards.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Adds to existing law to establish an interim committee to complete a study of driver authorization cards.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves administrative rules that impose a fee or charge, with exceptions, and rejects certain agency rule dockets that are not approved.. Description: ADMINISTRATIVE RULES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves administrative rules that impose a fee or charge, with exceptions, and rejects certain agency rule dockets that are not approved.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and approves and extends temporary rules reviewed by the Legislature, with an exception.. Description: TEMPORARY RULES -- States findings of the Legislature and approves and extends temporary rules reviewed by the Legislature, with an exception.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and rejects certain rules of the State Public Defense Commission relating to General Provisions and Definitions and Requirements and Procedures for Representing Indigent Persons.. Description: STATE PUBLIC DEFENSE COMMISSION -- RULE REJECTION -- States findings of the Legislature and rejects certain rules of the State Public Defense Commission relating to General Provisions and Definitions and Requirements and Procedures for Representing Indigent Persons.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating the findings of the Legislature and providing that no vouchered or unvouchered expense allowance shall be payable to any member of the legislature for any time period during a temporary adjournment following the passage of three days from the date of adoption of this concurrent resolution without the approval of the president pro tempore of the senate or the Speaker of the House of Representatives respectively.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- Stating the findings of the Legislature and providing that no vouchered or unvouchered expense allowance shall be payable to any member of the legislature for any time period during a temporary adjournment following the passage of three days from the date of adoption of this concurrent resolution without the approval of the president pro tempore of the senate or the Speaker of the House of Representatives respectively.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Proposes an amendment to the Constitution of the State of Idaho to provide that the Legislature must convene in certain organizational sessions and must be convened in special session by the President Pro Tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives in certain circumstances.. Description: SESSIONS OF THE LEGISLATURE -- Proposes an amendment to the Constitution of the State of Idaho to provide that the Legislature must convene in certain organizational sessions and must be convened in special session by the President Pro Tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives in certain circumstances.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Proposes an amendment to the Idaho Constitution prohibiting the production, manufacture, transportation, sale, delivery, dispensing, distribution, possession, or use of certain psychoactive drugs.. Description: CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Proposes an amendment to the Idaho Constitution prohibiting the production, manufacture, transportation, sale, delivery, dispensing, distribution, possession, or use of certain psychoactive drugs.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and proposes an amendment to the Constitution of the state of Idaho to establish provisions regarding convening the Legislature for special or organizational sessions.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- States findings of the Legislature and proposes an amendment to the Constitution of the state of Idaho to establish provisions regarding convening the Legislature for special or organizational sessions.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and requests that the federal government sanction the Chinese government and the Chinese Communist Party for their crimes against humanity and their handling of the COVID-19 outbreak.. Description: CHINA -- States findings of the Legislature and requests that the federal government sanction the Chinese government and the Chinese Communist Party for their crimes against humanity and their handling of the COVID-19 outbreak.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and supports a state funeral to honor the last surviving Medal of Honor recipient from World War II.. Description: MEDAL OF HONOR -- States findings of the Legislature and supports a state funeral to honor the last surviving Medal of Honor recipient from World War II.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify that it shall not be unlawful for certain persons to enter specified premises.. Description: LIQUOR -- Amends existing law to clarify that it shall not be unlawful for certain persons to enter specified premises.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and urges Congress to propose an amendment to the United States Constitution to set the number of justices on the Supreme Court at nine.. Description: THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT -- States findings of the Legislature and urges Congress to propose an amendment to the United States Constitution to set the number of justices on the Supreme Court at nine.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature, opposes the removal or breaching of the dams on the Columbia-Snake River System and its tributaries, and recognizes certain benefits provided by the Port of Lewiston.. Description: COLUMBIA-SNAKE RIVER SYSTEM -- States findings of the Legislature, opposes the removal or breaching of the dams on the Columbia-Snake River System and its tributaries, and recognizes certain benefits provided by the Port of Lewiston.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: States findings of the Legislature and urges the federal government to respect state criminal justice priorities and advance change through partnerships rather than mandates.. Description: FEDERAL PARTNERSHIP ON CRIMINAL JUSTICE -- States findings of the Legislature and urges the federal government to respect state criminal justice priorities and advance change through partnerships rather than mandates.
In 2021, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and expressing opposition to the Biden Administration vaccine mandates.. Description: VACCINE MANDATES -- Stating findings of the Legislature and expressing opposition to the Biden Administration vaccine mandates.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Commends Marquee Ricks for her accomplishment during the 2021 American Farm Bureau Federation's national Young Farmers and Ranchers Discussion Meet competition.. Description: MARQUEE RICKS -- Commends Marquee Ricks for her accomplishment during the 2021 American Farm Bureau Federation's national Young Farmers and Ranchers Discussion Meet competition.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: States findings of the legislature and recognizes and congratulates Jon Evans for his induction into the Boys and Girls Club of America Hall of Fame.. Description: JON EVANS -- States findings of the legislature and recognizes and congratulates Jon Evans for his induction into the Boys and Girls Club of America Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: A proclamation commending the Ada County Highway District on its 50th anniversary.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- A proclamation commending the Ada County Highway District on its 50th anniversary.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: ELECTIONS — Amends existing law to provide that every elector must be provided the opportunity to vote in person, notwithstanding a state of emergency.. Description: ELECTIONS — Amends existing law to provide that every elector must be provided the opportunity to vote in person, notwithstanding a state of emergency.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide limited immunity resulting from coronavirus.. Description: CORONAVIRUS LIMITED IMMUNITY ACT -- Adds to existing law to provide limited immunity resulting from coronavirus.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the issuance of absentee ballots and the counting of absentee ballots.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the issuance of absentee ballots and the counting of absentee ballots.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to authorize the establishment of vote centers.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Adds to existing law to authorize the establishment of vote centers.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and declaring the state of emergency in Idaho to be terminated.. Description: STATE OF EMERGENCY -- Stating findings of the Legislature and declaring the state of emergency in Idaho to be terminated.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a specific reference to the National Crime Information Center as a source of information in criminal history and background checks.. Description: HEALTH AND WELFARE -- Amends existing law to remove a specific reference to the National Crime Information Center as a source of information in criminal history and background checks.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “evaluation committee,” thereby permitting licensed professional counselors to serve on committees evaluating individuals for developmental disabilities.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “evaluation committee,” thereby permitting licensed professional counselors to serve on committees evaluating individuals for developmental disabilities.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for endorsement licensure and to establish additional grounds for discipline.. Description: ACUPUNCTURE -- Amends existing law to provide for endorsement licensure and to establish additional grounds for discipline.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise terminology regarding persons who are deaf or hard of hearing.. Description: DEAF AND HARD OF HEARING -- Amends existing law to revise terminology regarding persons who are deaf or hard of hearing.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to update Schedule I.. Description: CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Amends existing law to update Schedule I.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to update provisions.. Description: PHARMACY -- Amends existing law to update provisions.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law regarding optometric physicians.. Description: OPTOMETRISTS -- Repeals and adds to existing law regarding optometric physicians.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to rename the Bureau of Occupational Licenses as the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Amends existing law to rename the Bureau of Occupational Licenses as the Division of Occupational and Professional Licenses.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the powers of the State Appellate Public Defender.. Description: STATE APPELLATE PUBLIC DEFENDER -- Amends existing law to revise the powers of the State Appellate Public Defender.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- OTHER PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the sales tax distribution to the Transportation Expansion and Congestion Mitigation Fund and to establish the Bridge Maintenance and Replacement Program Fund.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to revise the sales tax distribution to the Transportation Expansion and Congestion Mitigation Fund and to establish the Bridge Maintenance and Replacement Program Fund.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a definition, to provide that rulemaking may include certain provisions, and to provide correct code references.. Description: VETERANS -- Amends existing law to remove a definition, to provide that rulemaking may include certain provisions, and to provide correct code references.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the title heading.. Description: VETERANS -- Amends existing law to revise the title heading.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to authorize the director of the Department of Water Resources to receive, file, record, or retain documents of record on media other than paper.. Description: WATER RESOURCES -- Amends existing law to authorize the director of the Department of Water Resources to receive, file, record, or retain documents of record on media other than paper.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise fee provisions.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends existing law to revise fee provisions.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the STEM Action Center for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STEM ACTION CENTER -- Relates to the appropriation to the STEM Action Center for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for authorized agents of the Idaho Transportation Department to issue certain identification cards and to retain certain fees.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide for authorized agents of the Idaho Transportation Department to issue certain identification cards and to retain certain fees.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise requirements for automobile dealer and salesperson license renewals.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to revise requirements for automobile dealer and salesperson license renewals.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to increase moneys distributed to the Local Bridge Inspection Account.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to increase moneys distributed to the Local Bridge Inspection Account.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define “telehealth technologies” and to revise provisions regarding telehealth services.. Description: TELEHEALTH -- Amends existing law to define “telehealth technologies” and to revise provisions regarding telehealth services.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require licensing to store and handle wine as a bonded wine warehouse and to provide requirements for bonded wine warehouses.. Description: WINE -- Amends existing law to require licensing to store and handle wine as a bonded wine warehouse and to provide requirements for bonded wine warehouses.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain vehicles shall not be subject to removal or booting.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Amends existing law to provide that certain vehicles shall not be subject to removal or booting.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the holding of another bond election after a voter rejection.. Description: BOND ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the holding of another bond election after a voter rejection.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to dissolve the Electronic Recording Commission.. Description: UNIFORM REAL PROPERTY ELECTRONIC RECORDING ACT -- Amends and repeals existing law to dissolve the Electronic Recording Commission.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that the administrator of the Division of Public Works may promulgate rules and contract with a public or private entity for the rental of parking facilities in the Capitol Mall in certain instances.. Description: DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- Amends existing law to provide that the administrator of the Division of Public Works may promulgate rules and contract with a public or private entity for the rental of parking facilities in the Capitol Mall in certain instances.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the establishment of Medicaid reimbursement payment methods and to provide for a temporary reduction in certain reimbursements.. Description: MEDICAID -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the establishment of Medicaid reimbursement payment methods and to provide for a temporary reduction in certain reimbursements.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a taxing district's process for recovering forgone budget increases.. Description: TAXING DISTRICT BUDGETS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a taxing district's process for recovering forgone budget increases.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that operations electing to utilize certain nutrient management planners are consenting to allow such plans to be housed with the Idaho State Department of Agriculture and to provide that certain information shall be exempt from disclosure.. Description: BEEF CATTLE -- Amends existing law to provide that operations electing to utilize certain nutrient management planners are consenting to allow such plans to be housed with the Idaho State Department of Agriculture and to provide that certain information shall be exempt from disclosure.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding certain requirements for existing public works, to provide that certain plans and specifications shall comply with certain codes and regulations, and to provide certain exemptions from the requirement of prior approval.. Description: DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding certain requirements for existing public works, to provide that certain plans and specifications shall comply with certain codes and regulations, and to provide certain exemptions from the requirement of prior approval.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals the Idaho Hospital Liability Trust Act.. Description: INSURANCE -- Repeals the Idaho Hospital Liability Trust Act.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding emergency interim successors to legislators.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding emergency interim successors to legislators.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding water district meetings and budgets, watermasters, the election and appointment of water district treasurers, and the distribution of water, to provide for the collection of certain penalties and interest for unpaid expenses, and to provide for the withholding or suspension of certain water deliveries.. Description: WATER -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding water district meetings and budgets, watermasters, the election and appointment of water district treasurers, and the distribution of water, to provide for the collection of certain penalties and interest for unpaid expenses, and to provide for the withholding or suspension of certain water deliveries.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for scope and applicability, to provide for the power of the board, to provide construction requirements for new phosphogypsum stacks or lateral expansions of existing phosphogypsum stacks, and to provide for design and construction plans.. Description: PHOSPHOGYPSUM -- Adds to existing law to provide for scope and applicability, to provide for the power of the board, to provide construction requirements for new phosphogypsum stacks or lateral expansions of existing phosphogypsum stacks, and to provide for design and construction plans.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO COMMISSION FOR LIBRARIES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Industrial Commission for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Industrial Commission for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide a correct code reference.. Description: PERSI -- Amends existing law to provide a correct code reference.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding police officer member status.. Description: PERSI -- Repeals and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding police officer member status.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to update and revise provisions regarding training programs for incarcerated individuals.. Description: STATE BOARD OF CORRECTION -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to update and revise provisions regarding training programs for incarcerated individuals.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the fee for an annual vehicle registration endorsement for the transportation of hazardous materials.. Description: HAZARDOUS MATERIALS -- Amends existing law to revise the fee for an annual vehicle registration endorsement for the transportation of hazardous materials.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LEGISLATIVE BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding political party affiliation of a voter for a presidential primary election.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding political party affiliation of a voter for a presidential primary election.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to update references to the Internal Revenue Code.. Description: INCOME TAX -- Amends existing law to update references to the Internal Revenue Code.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and amends existing law to repeal the Estate and Transfer Tax Reform Act of 1988 and to amend the definition of a “claimant” under the circuitbreaker law.. Description: TAXES -- Repeals and amends existing law to repeal the Estate and Transfer Tax Reform Act of 1988 and to amend the definition of a “claimant” under the circuitbreaker law.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to provide for the Bear River water rights adjudication.. Description: WATER -- Adds to and amends existing law to provide for the Bear River water rights adjudication.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for a claim of compensation for a person who is wrongfully convicted.. Description: IDAHO WRONGFUL CONVICTION ACT -- Adds to existing law to provide for a claim of compensation for a person who is wrongfully convicted.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding certified medication assistants and to provide for a registry of such professionals.. Description: NURSES -- Repeals and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding certified medication assistants and to provide for a registry of such professionals.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide certain registration and reporting requirements, to prohibit certain actions, to provide certain requirements for maximum allowable cost pricing, and to prohibit the retroactive denial or reduction of a claim in certain instances.. Description: PHARMACY BENEFIT MANAGERS -- Adds to existing law to provide certain registration and reporting requirements, to prohibit certain actions, to provide certain requirements for maximum allowable cost pricing, and to prohibit the retroactive denial or reduction of a claim in certain instances.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to provide for advance enrollment in or registration at a public school or charter school by dependents of military members.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to and amends existing law to provide for advance enrollment in or registration at a public school or charter school by dependents of military members.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “health care provider” to include students practicing under the supervision of a licensed provider.. Description: VOLUNTEER HEALTH CARE PROVIDER IMMUNITY -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “health care provider” to include students practicing under the supervision of a licensed provider.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to consolidate election dates for school levy and bond elections.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to consolidate election dates for school levy and bond elections.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the establishment of Lewis-Clark State College.. Description: HIGHER EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the establishment of Lewis-Clark State College.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide additional powers and duties of the Fish and Game Commission, to provide that the director of the Department of Fish and Game shall consult with other agencies to identify suitable land for shooting ranges, and to provide for the Public Shooting Range Fund.. Description: SHOOTING RANGES -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide additional powers and duties of the Fish and Game Commission, to provide that the director of the Department of Fish and Game shall consult with other agencies to identify suitable land for shooting ranges, and to provide for the Public Shooting Range Fund.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise references to certain safety codes.. Description: IDAHO ELEVATOR SAFETY CODE ACT -- Amends existing law to revise references to certain safety codes.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to revise the licensing requirements for collection agencies and to provide that collection agencies may collect incidental charges included in a contract between a creditor and debtor.. Description: COLLECTION AGENCIES -- Amends and repeals existing law to revise the licensing requirements for collection agencies and to provide that collection agencies may collect incidental charges included in a contract between a creditor and debtor.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise the regulations and requirements for mortgage lenders in this state.. Description: MORTGAGE PRACTICES -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise the regulations and requirements for mortgage lenders in this state.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require training on the constitional rights of persons involved in child protection investigations.. Description: CHILD PROTECTION -- Amends existing law to require training on the constitional rights of persons involved in child protection investigations.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an eligibility requirement for a DUI diversion program.. Description: CRIMES -- Amends existing law to provide an eligibility requirement for a DUI diversion program.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain acts shall be a felony and to provide that a fine may be imposed for female genital mutilation of a child.. Description: FEMALE GENITAL MUTILATION OF A CHILD -- Amends existing law to provide that certain acts shall be a felony and to provide that a fine may be imposed for female genital mutilation of a child.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the sales tax revenue distribution to cities in Idaho.. Description: SALES TAX -- Amends existing law to revise the sales tax revenue distribution to cities in Idaho.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide a limitation on taxing district budget requests and levies for 2020.. Description: TAXING DISTRICTS -- Adds to existing law to provide a limitation on taxing district budget requests and levies for 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to extend the duration of license plates issued by the Idaho Transportation Department from seven years to ten years.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to extend the duration of license plates issued by the Idaho Transportation Department from seven years to ten years.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding notification of towing to persons known to hold an interest in a vehicle.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Amends existing law to establish provisions regarding notification of towing to persons known to hold an interest in a vehicle.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require certain cities to establish districts for city councilmen.. Description: ELECTION OF CITY COUNCILMEN -- Amends existing law to require certain cities to establish districts for city councilmen.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding fees for modular buildings.. Description: MODULAR BUILDINGS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding fees for modular buildings.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a bank acting as a custodian or fiduciary.. Description: BANKS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a bank acting as a custodian or fiduciary.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding a filing fee.. Description: ENDOWMENT CARE CEMETERY ACT -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding a filing fee.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise references to federal law.. Description: UNIFORM SECURITIES ACT -- Amends existing law to revise references to federal law.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding board composition, licensee qualifications, fees, the certification of licensed funeral establishments, contracts, and advertising.. Description: MORTICIANS, FUNERAL DIRECTORS, AND EMBALMERS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding board composition, licensee qualifications, fees, the certification of licensed funeral establishments, contracts, and advertising.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for inactive registration status and to remove a provision regarding gross negligence and reckless conduct.. Description: CONTRACTOR REGISTRATION -- Amends existing law to provide for inactive registration status and to remove a provision regarding gross negligence and reckless conduct.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify the consent necessary for the adoption of an adult.. Description: ADOPTION -- Amends existing law to clarify the consent necessary for the adoption of an adult.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove unnecessary verbiage, to specify certain requirements regarding fees collected and to require that certain AMC owners and key persons meet minimum federal requirements.. Description: REAL ESTATE APPRAISERS -- Amends existing law to remove unnecessary verbiage, to specify certain requirements regarding fees collected and to require that certain AMC owners and key persons meet minimum federal requirements.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify a definition, to modify provisions regarding board members, to move fee provisions to administrative rules, to clarify insurance requirements, and to revise requirements to qualify as a driving business instructor.. Description: DRIVING BUSINESSES -- Amends existing law to clarify a definition, to modify provisions regarding board members, to move fee provisions to administrative rules, to clarify insurance requirements, and to revise requirements to qualify as a driving business instructor.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove registration requirements and to remove certain provisions regarding the authority of the Bureau of Occupational Licenses.. Description: ATHLETE AGENTS -- Amends existing law to remove registration requirements and to remove certain provisions regarding the authority of the Bureau of Occupational Licenses.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide updates to the Barber and Cosmetologists Act, including to revise and consolidate terminology, to provide for charitable work, to revise powers of the board, to revise provisions regarding apprenticeship, and to move certain requirements into rule.. Description: BARBERS AND COSMETOLOGISTS -- Amends existing law to provide updates to the Barber and Cosmetologists Act, including to revise and consolidate terminology, to provide for charitable work, to revise powers of the board, to revise provisions regarding apprenticeship, and to move certain requirements into rule.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the Fish and Game Commission's authority associated with tags, to revise powers and duties of the board, and to provide for the designation of allocated tags.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the Fish and Game Commission's authority associated with tags, to revise powers and duties of the board, and to provide for the designation of allocated tags.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to authorize the Commission of Pardons and Parole to grant commutations and pardons, to provide for approval or disapproval by the Governor in certain instances, to provide for certain crimes where the commission shall have full and final authority, and to provide that the commission shall conduct proceedings pursuant to certain rules and regulations.. Description: STATE BOARD OF CORRECTION -- Adds to and amends existing law to authorize the Commission of Pardons and Parole to grant commutations and pardons, to provide for approval or disapproval by the Governor in certain instances, to provide for certain crimes where the commission shall have full and final authority, and to provide that the commission shall conduct proceedings pursuant to certain rules and regulations.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to provide for the attorney general's duties and enforcement authorities regarding charitable assets.. Description: CHARITABLE ORGANIZATIONS -- Adds to and amends existing law to provide for the attorney general's duties and enforcement authorities regarding charitable assets.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to establish the Criminal Justice Integrated Data System and the Data Oversight Council.. Description: CRIMINAL JUSTICE INTEGRATED DATA SYSTEM ACT -- Adds to and amends existing law to establish the Criminal Justice Integrated Data System and the Data Oversight Council.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for certain temporary restricted licenses.. Description: FAMILY LAW LICENSE SUSPENSIONS -- Adds to existing law to provide for certain temporary restricted licenses.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law regarding the prevention of blindness and disease in infants.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends and repeals existing law regarding the prevention of blindness and disease in infants.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that the state shall not discriminate in public employment or public education and to prohibit discrimination in procurement.. Description: DISCRIMINATION IN PUBLIC EMPLOYMENT, PUBLIC EDUCATION, AND PUBLIC CONTRACTS -- Adds to existing law to provide that the state shall not discriminate in public employment or public education and to prohibit discrimination in procurement.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide a sales and use tax exemption for certain agricultural aircraft, materials, and parts.. Description: SALES TAX -- Amends existing law to provide a sales and use tax exemption for certain agricultural aircraft, materials, and parts.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to increase the percentage of General Fund receipts that may be in the Budget Stabilization Fund and to remove the authorization of the Economic Recovery Reserve Fund; transfers the remaining balance from the Economic Recovery Reserve Fund to the Budget Stabilization Fund; and transfers $20,000,000 from the General Fund to the Budget Stabilization Fund.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- BUDGET STABILIZATION FUND -- Amends and repeals existing law to increase the percentage of General Fund receipts that may be in the Budget Stabilization Fund and to remove the authorization of the Economic Recovery Reserve Fund; transfers the remaining balance from the Economic Recovery Reserve Fund to the Budget Stabilization Fund; and transfers $20,000,000 from the General Fund to the Budget Stabilization Fund.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide requirements regarding annexation of certain forest land.. Description: ANNEXATION -- Amends existing law to provide requirements regarding annexation of certain forest land.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to extend budget submission deadlines for certain agencies.. Description: BUDGET SUBMISSIONS -- Amends existing law to extend budget submission deadlines for certain agencies.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and repeals existing law to provide that the executive director shall have certain duties.. Description: PARDON, COMMUTATION, OR REMISSION OF FINES AND FORFEITURES -- Adds to and repeals existing law to provide that the executive director shall have certain duties.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit sex offenders from entering upon or living within 500 feet of a daycare facility, to provide an exception, and to clarify that the definition of “school” includes a private school.. Description: SEXUAL OFFENDER REGISTRATION -- Amends existing law to prohibit sex offenders from entering upon or living within 500 feet of a daycare facility, to provide an exception, and to clarify that the definition of “school” includes a private school.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding garnishments and enforcement of judgments in civil actions.. Description: CIVIL ACTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding garnishments and enforcement of judgments in civil actions.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the removal of a tenant's property following judgment in favor of a landlord in certain instances.. Description: FORCIBLE ENTRY AND UNLAWFUL DETAINER -- Amends existing law to provide for the removal of a tenant's property following judgment in favor of a landlord in certain instances.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to provide for certain fees and to revise how certain fees are paid.. Description: COURT FEES AND COSTS -- Adds to and amends existing law to provide for certain fees and to revise how certain fees are paid.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the value of property that debtors may exempt in debt collection activities and bankruptcy proceedings.. Description: DEBTORS -- Amends existing law to revise the value of property that debtors may exempt in debt collection activities and bankruptcy proceedings.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit marriage between certain persons.. Description: MARRIAGE -- Amends existing law to prohibit marriage between certain persons.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding when a peace officer may make an arrest.. Description: ARRESTS -- Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding when a peace officer may make an arrest.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise penalties for trafficking in heroin and to provide penalties for trafficking in fentanyl.. Description: UNIFORM CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Amends existing law to revise penalties for trafficking in heroin and to provide penalties for trafficking in fentanyl.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise the regulations for credit unions.. Description: IDAHO CREDIT UNION ACT -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to revise the regulations for credit unions.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide certain limitations on coverage.. Description: INSURANCE -- Amends existing law to provide certain limitations on coverage.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify provisions regarding the availability of real estate brokers and to remove provisions regarding broker and branch manager absences.. Description: REAL ESTATE BROKERS -- Amends existing law to clarify provisions regarding the availability of real estate brokers and to remove provisions regarding broker and branch manager absences.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding oversight of real estate associates with respect to brokerage representation agreements and certain other documents.. Description: REAL ESTATE LICENSURE -- Amends existing law regarding oversight of real estate associates with respect to brokerage representation agreements and certain other documents.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to reduce barriers to licensure and burdens on current licensees.. Description: REAL ESTATE LICENSE LAW -- Amends existing law to reduce barriers to licensure and burdens on current licensees.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding a biliteracy diploma for public school students who demonstrate proficiency in English and another language.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding a biliteracy diploma for public school students who demonstrate proficiency in English and another language.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to update restrictions on the use of unmanned aircraft systems and to provide for exceptions.. Description: AERONAUTICS -- Amends existing law to update restrictions on the use of unmanned aircraft systems and to provide for exceptions.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding prohibited acts and rulemaking.. Description: PESTICIDES AND CHEMIGATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding prohibited acts and rulemaking.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding annexation of land by cities.. Description: CITIES -- Repeals and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding annexation of land by cities.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to authorize ambulance districts to enter into cooperative agreements with fire protection districts and others.. Description: AMBULANCE DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to authorize ambulance districts to enter into cooperative agreements with fire protection districts and others.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for archery and muzzleloader permit fees for disabled American veterans.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends existing law to provide for archery and muzzleloader permit fees for disabled American veterans.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide a sales and use tax exemption for certain custom meat processing services.. Description: SALES TAX -- Adds to existing law to provide a sales and use tax exemption for certain custom meat processing services.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for yellow dots on motor vehicles that contain medical information that may be used by first responders on the scene of an accident or emergency situation.. Description: HEALTH AND WELFARE -- Adds to existing law to provide for yellow dots on motor vehicles that contain medical information that may be used by first responders on the scene of an accident or emergency situation.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Fairness in Women's Sports Act.. Description: FAIRNESS IN WOMEN'S SPORTS ACT -- Adds to existing law to establish the Fairness in Women's Sports Act.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding excision and annexation of territory.. Description: SCHOOL DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding excision and annexation of territory.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove reference to native grown products and to provide certain limitations on the production of beer for personal use.. Description: WINE AND BEER -- Amends existing law to remove reference to native grown products and to provide certain limitations on the production of beer for personal use.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide limitations on restrictions that homeowner's associations can put on the display of political signs and certain flags.. Description: HOMEOWNER'S ASSOCIATIONS -- Amends existing law to provide limitations on restrictions that homeowner's associations can put on the display of political signs and certain flags.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OITS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Lava Hot Springs Foundation for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LAVA HOT SPRINGS FOUNDATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Lava Hot Springs Foundation for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to require certain facts on birth certificates and to provide for amendments to birth certificates.. Description: VITAL STATISTICS -- Amends and adds to existing law to require certain facts on birth certificates and to provide for amendments to birth certificates.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to extend the sunset date of the act from 2020 to 2030 and to provide for written notice to the Department of Commerce.. Description: IDAHO SMALL EMPLOYER INCENTIVE ACT OF 2005 -- Amends existing law to extend the sunset date of the act from 2020 to 2030 and to provide for written notice to the Department of Commerce.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain charter schools must retain a minimum of cash on hand or be subject to revocation proceedings.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that certain charter schools must retain a minimum of cash on hand or be subject to revocation proceedings.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for weighting in a public charter school's lottery for certain disadvantaged students.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide for weighting in a public charter school's lottery for certain disadvantaged students.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove provisions regarding political party affiliation.. Description: FISH AND GAME COMMISSION -- Amends existing law to remove provisions regarding political party affiliation.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Patient Act to provide requirements for certain medical debt collections.. Description: DEBT COLLECTION -- Adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Patient Act to provide requirements for certain medical debt collections.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a certain exception regarding concealed weapons and U.S. citizens.. Description: CONCEALED WEAPONS -- Amends existing law to revise a certain exception regarding concealed weapons and U.S. citizens.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding local improvement district liens for delinquent assessments.. Description: LOCAL IMPROVEMENT DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding local improvement district liens for delinquent assessments.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding property tax notices.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding property tax notices.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to provide a sales and use tax exemption for the purchase or use of eligible server equipment and new data center facilities by a qualifying business.. Description: TAXATION -- Adds to and amends existing law to provide a sales and use tax exemption for the purchase or use of eligible server equipment and new data center facilities by a qualifying business.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding safety policies and technology protection measures for digital and online library resources for K-12 students.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding safety policies and technology protection measures for digital and online library resources for K-12 students.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for an advanced professional endorsement for school personnel and to increase career ladder allocations.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide for an advanced professional endorsement for school personnel and to increase career ladder allocations.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to prohibit governments in this state from expending funds to a provider of abortion and to provide exceptions.. Description: PUBLIC MONEYS -- Adds to existing law to prohibit governments in this state from expending funds to a provider of abortion and to provide exceptions.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide standards for annuity sales and advertising.. Description: INSURANCE -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide standards for annuity sales and advertising.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the unlawful killing, possession, or waste of wildlife.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the unlawful killing, possession, or waste of wildlife.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide civil immunity for architects, engineers, and contractors during disasters.. Description: PARTIES TO ACTIONS -- Adds to existing law to provide civil immunity for architects, engineers, and contractors during disasters.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that prescription drug orders for medication-assisted treatment may be issued using telehealth services.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to provide that prescription drug orders for medication-assisted treatment may be issued using telehealth services.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Species Conservation for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF SPECIES CONSERVATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Species Conservation for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Soil and Water Conservation Commission for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SOIL AND WATER CONSERVATION COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Soil and Water Conservation Commission for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Endowment Fund Investment Board for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- ENDOWMENT FUND INVESTMENT BOARD -- Relates to the appropriation to the Endowment Fund Investment Board for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to apply provisions regarding tobacco products to electronic smoking devices as well.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to apply provisions regarding tobacco products to electronic smoking devices as well.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Finance for fiscal years 2021 and 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Finance for fiscal years 2021 and 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Workforce Development Council for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Workforce Development Council for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Insurance for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF INSURANCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Insurance for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding hunting upland game birds on certain lands.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends existing law regarding hunting upland game birds on certain lands.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for game tags for swan.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends existing law to provide for game tags for swan.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding locator work and the lease of certain mineral rights in state lands and to provide the terms and conditions of certain mineral leases.. Description: MINERAL RIGHTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding locator work and the lease of certain mineral rights in state lands and to provide the terms and conditions of certain mineral leases.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide requirements for initiatives and to provide for disclosure of payments made to signature gatherers.. Description: INITATIVES AND REFERENDUMS -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide requirements for initiatives and to provide for disclosure of payments made to signature gatherers.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding criminal history and background checks, to provide standards for infant sleep areas, to provide that persons guilty of certain offenses are ineligible for licensure, and to revise provisions regarding appeals of a suspension, revocation, or denial of a license.. Description: DAYCARE FACILITIES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding criminal history and background checks, to provide standards for infant sleep areas, to provide that persons guilty of certain offenses are ineligible for licensure, and to revise provisions regarding appeals of a suspension, revocation, or denial of a license.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for an income tax credit for employers who contribute to an employee's college savings program account.. Description: INCOME TAXES -- Adds to existing law to provide for an income tax credit for employers who contribute to an employee's college savings program account.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the taxation of nonqualified withdrawals from college savings accounts.. Description: COLLEGE SAVINGS ACCOUNTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the taxation of nonqualified withdrawals from college savings accounts.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a property tax credit for certain disabled veterans.. Description: VETERANS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a property tax credit for certain disabled veterans.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the assessment and taxation of forest land.. Description: TAXATION OF FOREST LAND -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the assessment and taxation of forest land.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the use of literacy intervention tools as part of a literacy intervention program.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide for the use of literacy intervention tools as part of a literacy intervention program.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Veterans Services for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF VETERANS SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Veterans Services for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Reduces appropriations for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OMNIBUS -- Reduces appropriations for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain types of electronic threats against state officials.. Description: CRIMES AND PUNISHMENT -- Amends existing law to provide for certain types of electronic threats against state officials.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the valuation of agricultural land.. Description: PROPERTY -- Amends existing law to provide for the valuation of agricultural land.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the calculation of market value for assessment purposes of property upon the appeal of the assessed value.. Description: PROPERTY -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the calculation of market value for assessment purposes of property upon the appeal of the assessed value.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove the deadline for applying for a homestead exemption.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends existing law to remove the deadline for applying for a homestead exemption.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF HUMAN RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OITS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for petitions for annexation of land, to provide that guardians and administrators may sign petitions, to provide for notice of petition, to provide for hearing of petitions, to provide for orders rejecting or accepting petitions, and to provide that orders be recorded.. Description: FLOOD CONTROL DISTRICTS -- Adds to existing law to provide for petitions for annexation of land, to provide that guardians and administrators may sign petitions, to provide for notice of petition, to provide for hearing of petitions, to provide for orders rejecting or accepting petitions, and to provide that orders be recorded.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the definition of “personal delivery device.”. Description: MOTOR VEHICLES -- Amends existing law to revise the definition of “personal delivery device.”
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- PERMANENT BUILDING FUND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Division of Public Works for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Bond Payments Program for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- BOND PAYMENTS PROGRAM -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Bond Payments Program for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Idaho State Capitol Commission for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ADMINISTRATION -- CAPITOL COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Administration for the Idaho State Capitol Commission for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- CAREER TECHNICAL EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- CAREER TECHNICAL EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify the application of court-ordered tax benefits associated with a taxpayer's child.. Description: CHILD TAX CREDITS -- Amends existing law to clarify the application of court-ordered tax benefits associated with a taxpayer's child.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to authorize sample tastings of liquor in state liquor stores.. Description: LIQUOR STORES -- Amends and adds to existing law to authorize sample tastings of liquor in state liquor stores.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to establish a digital content and curriculum fund.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to establish a digital content and curriculum fund.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain chiropractic physicians are qualified health professionals for purposes of returning athletes to play after suspected concussions or head injuries.. Description: YOUTH ATHLETES -- Amends existing law to provide that certain chiropractic physicians are qualified health professionals for purposes of returning athletes to play after suspected concussions or head injuries.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish Simon's Law regarding life-sustaining treatment for children.. Description: HEALTH -- Adds to existing law to establish Simon's Law regarding life-sustaining treatment for children.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to Idaho Public Television for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC TELEVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to Idaho Public Television for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Hispanic Affairs for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON HISPANIC AFFAIRS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Hispanic Affairs for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to define the term “willful or reckless misconduct.”. Description: CIVIL ACTIONS -- Amends existing law to define the term “willful or reckless misconduct.”
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding adverse action by an employer and to provide a limit on certain damages.. Description: PROTECTION OF PUBLIC EMPLOYEES -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding adverse action by an employer and to provide a limit on certain damages.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding patronizing a prostitute, to provide penalties, and to provide that a portion of a fine shall be deposited in the Crime Victims Compensation Account.. Description: CRIMES AND PUNISHMENTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding patronizing a prostitute, to provide penalties, and to provide that a portion of a fine shall be deposited in the Crime Victims Compensation Account.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the allocation of property tax revenues between a highway district and a revenue allocation area within the highway district.. Description: HIGHWAY DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to revise the allocation of property tax revenues between a highway district and a revenue allocation area within the highway district.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for first-time home buyer savings accounts.. Description: FIRST-TIME HOME BUYERS -- Adds to existing law to provide for first-time home buyer savings accounts.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for forfeiture of stockwater rights.. Description: STOCKWATER RIGHTS -- Amends, repeals, and adds to existing law to provide for forfeiture of stockwater rights.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding possession of a firearm and to revise provisions regarding the discharge of a defendant and an amendment of judgment.. Description: CRIMINAL RECORDS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding possession of a firearm and to revise provisions regarding the discharge of a defendant and an amendment of judgment.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain notice shall be given for nonrenewal of a lease or an increase in the amount of rent charged.. Description: LEASES -- Amends existing law to provide that certain notice shall be given for nonrenewal of a lease or an increase in the amount of rent charged.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON AGING -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on Aging for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- MILITARY DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Military Division for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for nonpublic teacher preparation programs.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide for nonpublic teacher preparation programs.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exception, to clarify record request requirements, and to provide certain exceptions regarding legislative communications.. Description: PUBLIC RECORDS -- Amends existing law to provide an exception, to clarify record request requirements, and to provide certain exceptions regarding legislative communications.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Industrial Commission for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Industrial Commission for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Lottery for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE LOTTERY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Lottery for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit regulation of tobacco products or electronic cigarettes by local units of government that is more restrictive than state law.. Description: TOBACCO PRODUCTS AND ELECTRONIC CIGARETTES -- Amends existing law to prohibit regulation of tobacco products or electronic cigarettes by local units of government that is more restrictive than state law.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Financial Management for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- WELFARE DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit the use of certain electronic devices while driving a motor vehicle, to establish penalties, and to provide that Idaho law preempts local ordinances.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to prohibit the use of certain electronic devices while driving a motor vehicle, to establish penalties, and to provide that Idaho law preempts local ordinances.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a party asserting that a water right has been forfeited has the burden of proving the forfeiture, to provide that certain water rights shall not be lost or forfeited for nonuse, and to provide for third-party claims of right.. Description: WATER -- Amends existing law to provide that a party asserting that a water right has been forfeited has the burden of proving the forfeiture, to provide that certain water rights shall not be lost or forfeited for nonuse, and to provide for third-party claims of right.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the administration and maintenance of the Health Care Directive Registry by the Department of Health and Welfare.. Description: HEALTH -- Amends existing law to provide for the administration and maintenance of the Health Care Directive Registry by the Department of Health and Welfare.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise and remove provisions regarding expiration of administrative rules.. Description: IDAHO ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE ACT -- Amends existing law to revise and remove provisions regarding expiration of administrative rules.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO TRANSPORTATION DEPARTMENT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Transportation Department for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Employee Retirement System of Idaho for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PERSI -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Employee Retirement System of Idaho for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on the Arts for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION ON THE ARTS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission on the Arts for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a review of teacher evaluations, to provide that certain data shall be submitted to the state for career ladder purposes, and to provide that master educator premiums shall no longer be granted after a certain date.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding a review of teacher evaluations, to provide that certain data shall be submitted to the state for career ladder purposes, and to provide that master educator premiums shall no longer be granted after a certain date.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Administrators for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- ADMINISTRATORS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Administrators for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- TEACHERS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Operations for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- OPERATIONS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Operations for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Children's Programs for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- CHILDREN'S PROGRAMS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Children's Programs for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Facilities for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- FACILITIES DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Facilities for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Central Services for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- CENTRAL SERVICES DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Central Services for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Educational Services for the Deaf and the Blind for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- EDUCATIONAL SERVICES FOR THE DEAF AND THE BLIND -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Educational Services for the Deaf and the Blind for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Secretary of State for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SECRETARY OF STATE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Secretary of State for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Treasurer for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TREASURER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Treasurer for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Treasurer for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TREASURER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Treasurer for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC SCHOOLS -- TEACHERS DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Schools Educational Support Program's Division of Teachers for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Fish and Game for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF FISH AND GAME -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Fish and Game for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Controller for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE CONTROLLER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Controller for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE APPELLATE PUBLIC DEFENDER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Attorney General for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- ATTORNEY GENERAL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Attorney General for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for College and Universities and the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITIES -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for College and Universities and the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Wolf Depredation Control Board for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- WOLF DEPREDATION CONTROL BOARD -- Relates to the appropriation to the Wolf Depredation Control Board for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF WATER RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Water Resources for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Building Safety for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF BUILDING SAFETY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Building Safety for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TAX COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to require permanent closure plans for cyanidation facilities prior to the issuance of permits and to prohibit the construction and operation of a cyanidation facility until the permittee submits proof of financial assurance for its permanent closure plan.. Description: CYANIDATION FACILITIES -- Amends existing law to require permanent closure plans for cyanidation facilities prior to the issuance of permits and to prohibit the construction and operation of a cyanidation facility until the permittee submits proof of financial assurance for its permanent closure plan.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that water may be diverted and used with or without a water right for certain cleanup or removal of hazardous substances or petroleum, to provide for reporting, and to provide that the director of the Department of Water Resources shall be consulted.. Description: WATER -- Amends existing law to provide that water may be diverted and used with or without a water right for certain cleanup or removal of hazardous substances or petroleum, to provide for reporting, and to provide that the director of the Department of Water Resources shall be consulted.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions for the appointment of guardians and conservators.. Description: GUARDIANS AND CONSERVATORS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions for the appointment of guardians and conservators.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding appointment of a guardian of minors and incapacitated persons and to revise provisions regarding temporary and emergency appointments of a conservator.. Description: GUARDIANS AND CONSERVATORS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding appointment of a guardian of minors and incapacitated persons and to revise provisions regarding temporary and emergency appointments of a conservator.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to imported food products and the enrichment of bread and flour.. Description: FOOD -- Repeals existing law relating to imported food products and the enrichment of bread and flour.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and repeals existing law to remove licensing provisions, to provide for compliance with specified law by weighmasters, and to revise provisions regarding weight and tare tickets.. Description: WEIGHMASTERS -- Amends and repeals existing law to remove licensing provisions, to provide for compliance with specified law by weighmasters, and to revise provisions regarding weight and tare tickets.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding reporting requirements associated with certain fertilizers and soil and plant amendments.. Description: AGRICULTURE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding reporting requirements associated with certain fertilizers and soil and plant amendments.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding notice of adoption proceedings.. Description: ADOPTION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding notice of adoption proceedings.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Appropriates and transfers $129,300 from the General Fund to the Pest Control Deficiency Fund for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Appropriates and transfers $129,300 from the General Fund to the Pest Control Deficiency Fund for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Appropriates and transfers $28,900 from the General Fund to the Hazardous Substance Emergency Response Fund for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Appropriates and transfers $28,900 from the General Fund to the Hazardous Substance Emergency Response Fund for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for reinstatement of a commercial driver's license under certain circumstances.. Description: MOTOR VEHICLE DRIVER'S LICENSES -- Amends existing law to provide for reinstatement of a commercial driver's license under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for electronic registration of certain commercial vehicles.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide for electronic registration of certain commercial vehicles.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a noninterest-bearing inmate reentry savings account and spendable account, to provide for certain deductions from deposits to inmate accounts, to revise a provision regarding restitution, to provide that the State Board of Correction shall establish certain procedures and exceptions for deposits in accounts, and to provide that certain funds shall be paid to an inmate upon release.. Description: STATE BOARD OF CORRECTION -- Amends existing law to provide for a noninterest-bearing inmate reentry savings account and spendable account, to provide for certain deductions from deposits to inmate accounts, to revise a provision regarding restitution, to provide that the State Board of Correction shall establish certain procedures and exceptions for deposits in accounts, and to provide that certain funds shall be paid to an inmate upon release.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the persons responsible for filing certain campaign finance reports.. Description: CAMPAIGN FINANCE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the persons responsible for filing certain campaign finance reports.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the Professional Studies Program and the Professional Studies Account.. Description: EDUCATION -- Repeals existing law relating to the Professional Studies Program and the Professional Studies Account.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding qualification of educational interpreters.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding qualification of educational interpreters.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for game tags for swan, to revise provisions regarding upland game bird permits, and to revise hunter orange requirements regarding certain locations.. Description: FISH AND GAME -- Amends existing law to provide for game tags for swan, to revise provisions regarding upland game bird permits, and to revise hunter orange requirements regarding certain locations.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that students may satisfy state civics and government standards through participation in a certain course and examination and to provide that the State Department of Education shall make available funding for certain civics education.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that students may satisfy state civics and government standards through participation in a certain course and examination and to provide that the State Department of Education shall make available funding for certain civics education.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide verification authority to advanced practice registered nurses.. Description: NURSES -- Adds to existing law to provide verification authority to advanced practice registered nurses.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify applicability of certain training requirements for nursing home administrators.. Description: OCCUPATIONS -- Amends existing law to clarify applicability of certain training requirements for nursing home administrators.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to equitable distribution of government overhead expense.. Description: STATE BUDGET -- Repeals existing law relating to equitable distribution of government overhead expense.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the classification and standardization of certain items.. Description: STATE BUDGET -- Amends existing law to revise a provision regarding the classification and standardization of certain items.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify provisions regarding deposits of certain funds.. Description: PUBLIC OFFICERS -- Amends existing law to clarify provisions regarding deposits of certain funds.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law to eliminate committees and commissions.. Description: STATE GOVERNMENT -- Repeals existing law to eliminate committees and commissions.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove the requirement that the Idaho Agricultural Experiment Station use the administrative rules process to set standards and requirements for seed certification.. Description: SEED AND PLANT CERTIFICATION -- Amends existing law to remove the requirement that the Idaho Agricultural Experiment Station use the administrative rules process to set standards and requirements for seed certification.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to establish a Choose Life Idaho specialty license plate.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends and adds to existing law to establish a Choose Life Idaho specialty license plate.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the Bingo-Raffle Advisory Board, accounting and the use of bingo proceeds, raffles, and licensing.. Description: BINGO AND RAFFLES -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the Bingo-Raffle Advisory Board, accounting and the use of bingo proceeds, raffles, and licensing.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the use of certain matching funds and to provide for certain transfers of funds in the Idaho Veterans Recognition Income Fund and the Idaho Veterans Recognition Fund.. Description: VETERANS SERVICES -- Amends existing law to provide for the use of certain matching funds and to provide for certain transfers of funds in the Idaho Veterans Recognition Income Fund and the Idaho Veterans Recognition Fund.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding an affidavit for bail enforcement agents.. Description: BAIL ENFORCEMENT AGENTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding an affidavit for bail enforcement agents.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Defense Commission for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC DEFENSE COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Defense Commission for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE APPELLATE PUBLIC DEFENDER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exception for certificate of competency requirements and to revise provisions regarding exceptions to permit requirements.. Description: PLUMBERS -- Amends existing law to provide an exception for certificate of competency requirements and to revise provisions regarding exceptions to permit requirements.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the registration period and registration fee for an HVAC apprentice.. Description: HEATING, VENTILATION, AND AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEMS -- Amends existing law to revise the registration period and registration fee for an HVAC apprentice.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the process for renewal and issuance of licenses and to revise provisions regarding land survey monument establishment and rehabilitation.. Description: ENGINEERS AND LAND SURVEYORS -- Amends existing law to revise the process for renewal and issuance of licenses and to revise provisions regarding land survey monument establishment and rehabilitation.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding a labor department seal, to establish a provision regarding employer experience rating, and to revise a provision regarding registration of exempt corporate officers.. Description: EMPLOYMENT SECURITY LAW -- Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding a labor department seal, to establish a provision regarding employer experience rating, and to revise a provision regarding registration of exempt corporate officers.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding occupational diseases to remove a sunset provision.. Description: WORKER'S COMPENSATION -- Amends existing law regarding occupational diseases to remove a sunset provision.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding rental agreements and liens, to provide for a procedure in the event of default where the property stored in the leased space is a vehicle or trailer, and to provide for when an operator may restrict access to the leased space.. Description: SELF-SERVICE STORAGE FACILITIES -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding rental agreements and liens, to provide for a procedure in the event of default where the property stored in the leased space is a vehicle or trailer, and to provide for when an operator may restrict access to the leased space.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove obsolete language, to revise a provision regarding revenues and expenditures, and to remove a provision regarding notification by a local governing entity.. Description: LOCAL GOVERNING ENTITIES CENTRAL REGISTRY -- Amends existing law to remove obsolete language, to revise a provision regarding revenues and expenditures, and to remove a provision regarding notification by a local governing entity.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding a start-up account in the Higher Education Stabilization Fund.. Description: HIGHER EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to remove a provision regarding a start-up account in the Higher Education Stabilization Fund.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that certain areas of the State of Idaho shall make daylight saving time the permanent time upon a specified condition.. Description: DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME -- Adds to existing law to provide that certain areas of the State of Idaho shall make daylight saving time the permanent time upon a specified condition.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions for write-in candidates.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions for write-in candidates.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that all ballots shall be sealed and stored until after the recount period has passed.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to provide that all ballots shall be sealed and stored until after the recount period has passed.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Board of Tax Appeals for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- BOARD OF TAX APPEALS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Board of Tax Appeals for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove a date restriction associated with certain water rights.. Description: WATER -- Amends existing law to remove a date restriction associated with certain water rights.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise nomination provisions for commission seats.. Description: RANGELAND RESOURCES COMMISSION -- Amends existing law to revise nomination provisions for commission seats.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide requirements for the homestead exemption application form.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends existing law to provide requirements for the homestead exemption application form.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding reimbursement from the Driver Training Fund.. Description: DRIVER TRAINING -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding reimbursement from the Driver Training Fund.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide a framework for school district superintendent evaluations and to provide for district-specific criteria on the evaluations.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide a framework for school district superintendent evaluations and to provide for district-specific criteria on the evaluations.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise campaign finance reporting requirements pertaining to candidates for judicial office.. Description: CAMPAIGN FINANCE -- Amends existing law to revise campaign finance reporting requirements pertaining to candidates for judicial office.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to Special and Local Laws of 1919.. Description: CONSTRUCTION OF STATUTES -- Repeals existing law relating to Special and Local Laws of 1919.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the Board of Cemeterians.. Description: BOARD OF CEMETERIANS -- Repeals existing law relating to the Board of Cemeterians.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a petition for a waiver or variance from an administrative rule.. Description: ADMINISTRATIVE RULES -- Amends existing law to provide for a petition for a waiver or variance from an administrative rule.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain records of the Public Defense Commission shall be exempt from disclosure.. Description: PUBLIC RECORDS -- Amends existing law to provide that certain records of the Public Defense Commission shall be exempt from disclosure.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for training for members of school boards and persons interested in serving on school boards.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for training for members of school boards and persons interested in serving on school boards.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals existing law relating to the taking up of hogs and hogs running at large within towns.. Description: ANIMALS -- Repeals existing law relating to the taking up of hogs and hogs running at large within towns.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow a barber school or a cosmetology school an opportunity for retroactive license renewal.. Description: BARBER AND COSMETOLOGY SERVICES -- Amends existing law to allow a barber school or a cosmetology school an opportunity for retroactive license renewal.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the grouping of certain lands for assessment purposes.. Description: IRRIGATION DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the grouping of certain lands for assessment purposes.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain irrigation districts may combine precincts into one combined polling place, to provide for the location, and to provide for judges of election.. Description: IRRIGATION DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to provide that certain irrigation districts may combine precincts into one combined polling place, to provide for the location, and to provide for judges of election.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that law enforcement shall not engage in motorcycle profiling.. Description: MOTORCYCLES -- Adds to existing law to provide that law enforcement shall not engage in motorcycle profiling.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for flexible school schedules for academically advanced elementary school students.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for flexible school schedules for academically advanced elementary school students.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise fee provisions.. Description: DOMESTIC CERVIDAE -- Amends existing law to revise fee provisions.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding teledentistry and restrictions for such practice.. Description: DENTISTS -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding teledentistry and restrictions for such practice.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to allow a commercial service airport to adopt reasonable rules and regulations regarding transportation network companies and drivers.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to allow a commercial service airport to adopt reasonable rules and regulations regarding transportation network companies and drivers.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for a Too Great for Hate license plate.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Adds to existing law to provide for a Too Great for Hate license plate.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to remove licensing requirements for resale brokers, salesmen, and responsible managing employees.. Description: MANUFACTURED HOMES -- Amends existing law to remove licensing requirements for resale brokers, salesmen, and responsible managing employees.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Credit Union Act.. Description: CREDIT UNIONS -- Repeals and adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Credit Union Act.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide a certain limitation for private property and to provide that certain persons may not serve as a commissioner for an urban renewal board.. Description: EMINENT DOMAIN -- Amends existing law to provide a certain limitation for private property and to provide that certain persons may not serve as a commissioner for an urban renewal board.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding grandfather rights for endorsements.. Description: EDUCATION -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding grandfather rights for endorsements.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding the prescriptive authority of certain psychologists.. Description: PSYCHOLOGISTS -- Amends existing law regarding the prescriptive authority of certain psychologists.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding uncontested city elections.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding uncontested city elections.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that receipts from the sale of a motor vehicle may be transferred to operating expenditures in certain instances.. Description: STATE BUDGET -- Amends existing law to provide that receipts from the sale of a motor vehicle may be transferred to operating expenditures in certain instances.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for an emergency situation absentee ballot.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for an emergency situation absentee ballot.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding recall petitions and special recall elections.. Description: ELECTIONS -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding recall petitions and special recall elections.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise a definition and to remove a provision regarding applicability.. Description: HIGH-OCCUPANCY VEHICLE LANES -- Amends existing law to revise a definition and to remove a provision regarding applicability.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to prohibit the use of certain electronic devices while driving a motor vehicle, to establish penalties, and to provide that Idaho law preempts local ordinances.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to prohibit the use of certain electronic devices while driving a motor vehicle, to establish penalties, and to provide that Idaho law preempts local ordinances.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding construction work and the application of water to full beneficial use, lapses of permits, and the issuance of licenses and to provide for extensions of time and permits held by municipal providers for reasonably anticipated future needs.. Description: WATER -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding construction work and the application of water to full beneficial use, lapses of permits, and the issuance of licenses and to provide for extensions of time and permits held by municipal providers for reasonably anticipated future needs.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Fair Chance Employment Act.. Description: LABOR -- Adds to existing law to establish the Fair Chance Employment Act.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise penalty provisions.. Description: DOGS -- Amends existing law to revise penalty provisions.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a clear standard regarding intent to harm in a case involving physical aggression.. Description: WORKER'S COMPENSATION -- Amends existing law to provide for a clear standard regarding intent to harm in a case involving physical aggression.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Repeals and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding visitation rights for grandparents and great-grandparents.. Description: DOMESTIC RELATIONS -- Repeals and adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding visitation rights for grandparents and great-grandparents.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that a person's teaching certificate shall be revoked for the commission of certain crimes against adults and to provide an exception.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide that a person's teaching certificate shall be revoked for the commission of certain crimes against adults and to provide an exception.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Promise Mentor Program.. Description: WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT -- Adds to existing law to establish the Idaho Promise Mentor Program.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a program under which noncertificated public school employees may seek certification.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide for a program under which noncertificated public school employees may seek certification.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide placement on the career ladder for career technical education teachers and to provide for certification.. Description: EDUCATION -- Amends existing law to provide placement on the career ladder for career technical education teachers and to provide for certification.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the Idaho Extended Employment Services Program.. Description: EMPLOYMENT -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding the Idaho Extended Employment Services Program.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law regarding a prescription for certain drug products.. Description: CHIROPRACTORS -- Amends existing law regarding a prescription for certain drug products.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the formation and governance of any new ambulance service districts.. Description: AMBULANCE SERVICE DISTRICTS -- Amends and adds to existing law to provide for the formation and governance of any new ambulance service districts.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to make codifier's corrections.. Description: CODIFIER'S CORRECTIONS -- Amends existing law to make codifier's corrections.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for the crime of assault or battery upon members or employees of the Commission of Pardons and Parole.. Description: ASSAULT OR BATTERY UPON CERTAIN PERSONNEL -- Amends existing law to provide for the crime of assault or battery upon members or employees of the Commission of Pardons and Parole.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for certain fines in criminal and infraction cases.. Description: PAYMENTS IN CRIMINAL CASES -- Amends existing law to provide for certain fines in criminal and infraction cases.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain personal information shall be exempt from disclosure.. Description: PUBLIC RECORDS ACT -- Amends existing law to provide that certain personal information shall be exempt from disclosure.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a county clerk on district magistrates commissions.. Description: MAGISTRATE DIVISION -- Amends existing law to provide for a county clerk on district magistrates commissions.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the sentencing criteria for placing a defendant on probation or imposing imprisonment.. Description: SENTENCING -- Amends existing law to revise the sentencing criteria for placing a defendant on probation or imposing imprisonment.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to provide for the crime of commercial burglary.. Description: BURGLARY -- Adds to and amends existing law to provide for the crime of commercial burglary.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that bicyclists and mountain operators shall have certain liabilities and duties.. Description: BICYCLISTS AND MOUNTAIN OPERATORS -- Adds to existing law to provide that bicyclists and mountain operators shall have certain liabilities and duties.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise requirements for reports by state agencies receiving federal funds.. Description: STATE BUDGETS -- Amends existing law to revise requirements for reports by state agencies receiving federal funds.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding industrial hemp.. Description: INDUSTRIAL HEMP -- Adds to existing law to establish provisions regarding industrial hemp.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE APPELLATE PUBLIC DEFENDER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Appellate Public Defender for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Juvenile Corrections for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF JUVENILE CORRECTIONS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Juvenile Corrections for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for review of a patient's prescription drug history under certain circumstances.. Description: CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES -- Amends existing law to provide for review of a patient's prescription drug history under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that new specialty license plate programs shall not be established for the benefit of entities other than the State of Idaho.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to provide that new specialty license plate programs shall not be established for the benefit of entities other than the State of Idaho.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for a proposed funding source and fiscal impact statements for ballot initiatives.. Description: INITIATIVES -- Amends existing law to provide for a proposed funding source and fiscal impact statements for ballot initiatives.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for an occupational and professional licensure review committee, to provide for universal licensure, to provide that a person with a criminal conviction may inquire about the potential to become licensed in a profession or occupation, and to provide for evaluation of criminal convictions and language regarding persons with criminal convictions.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Adds to existing law to provide for an occupational and professional licensure review committee, to provide for universal licensure, to provide that a person with a criminal conviction may inquire about the potential to become licensed in a profession or occupation, and to provide for evaluation of criminal convictions and language regarding persons with criminal convictions.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- FAMILY AND COMMUNITY SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Health Districts for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC HEALTH DISTRICTS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Health Districts for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that certain rules, regulations, and standards shall not apply to hospitals certified by Medicare.. Description: HOSPITALS -- Amends existing law to provide that certain rules, regulations, and standards shall not apply to hospitals certified by Medicare.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the Idaho Medal of Honor.. Description: IDAHO MEDAL OF HONOR -- Amends and adds to existing law to revise provisions regarding the Idaho Medal of Honor.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide for an additional judge in the First District.. Description: JUDICIAL DISTRICTS -- Amends existing law to provide for an additional judge in the First District.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise the salary of justices of the Supreme Court.. Description: JUDGES -- Amends existing law to revise the salary of justices of the Supreme Court.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Energy and Mineral Resources for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF ENERGY AND MINERAL RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Energy and Mineral Resources for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission of Pardons and Parole for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION OF PARDONS AND PAROLE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission of Pardons and Parole for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Correction for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Utilities Commission for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Utilities Commission for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Commission for the Blind and Visually Impaired for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMISSION FOR THE BLIND AND VISUALLY IMPAIRED -- Relates to the appropriation to the Commission for the Blind and Visually Impaired for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Agricultural Research and Cooperative Extension Service for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH AND COOPERATIVE EXTENSION SERVICE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Agricultural Research and Cooperative Extension Service for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Idaho Roadless Rule Implementation Commission.. Description: IDAHO ROADLESS RULE -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding the Idaho Roadless Rule Implementation Commission.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding correctional facilities and prisoners.. Description: CORRECTIONAL FACILITIES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding correctional facilities and prisoners.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide that the extended absence of a parent due to active duty in or deployment with the United States armed forces shall not be considered child neglect, abuse, or abandonment and to provide that temporary guardianships granted while a parent is on active duty or deployed shall end once the parent is able to resume care, custody, and control of the minor.. Description: GUARDIANS -- Amends existing law to provide that the extended absence of a parent due to active duty in or deployment with the United States armed forces shall not be considered child neglect, abuse, or abandonment and to provide that temporary guardianships granted while a parent is on active duty or deployed shall end once the parent is able to resume care, custody, and control of the minor.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the division of a fire protection district and to provide for elections for division of a district.. Description: FIRE PROTECTION DISTRICTS -- Adds to existing law to provide for the division of a fire protection district and to provide for elections for division of a district.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Lieutenant Governor for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Lieutenant Governor for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO COMMISSION FOR LIBRARIES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho Commission for Libraries for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Independent Living Council for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE INDEPENDENT LIVING COUNCIL -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Independent Living Council for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SUPREME COURT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Public Defense Commission for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- PUBLIC DEFENSE COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Public Defense Commission for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Attorney General for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- ATTORNEY GENERAL -- Relates to the appropriation to the Attorney General for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to and amends existing law to provide dyed fuel inspection authority, to provide for dyed fuel enforcement, and to provide penalties regarding prohibited use of dyed diesel.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Adds to and amends existing law to provide dyed fuel inspection authority, to provide for dyed fuel enforcement, and to provide penalties regarding prohibited use of dyed diesel.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to provide an exception to governmental liability for defending attorneys and indigent defense providers in certain instances.. Description: TORT CLAIMS AGAINST GOVERNMENTAL ENTITIES -- Amends existing law to provide an exception to governmental liability for defending attorneys and indigent defense providers in certain instances.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the STEM Action Center for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STEM ACTION CENTER -- Relates to the appropriation to the STEM Action Center for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Special Programs for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SPECIAL PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Special Programs for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education for Community Colleges for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- COMMUNITY COLLEGES -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education for Community Colleges for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide for the offense of criminal abortion, to provide penalties, to provide affirmative defenses, and to provide exceptions.. Description: ABORTION -- Adds to existing law to provide for the offense of criminal abortion, to provide penalties, to provide affirmative defenses, and to provide exceptions.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Adds to existing law to provide that certain areas of the State of Idaho shall make daylight saving time the permanent time upon a specified condition.. Description: DAYLIGHT SAVING TIME -- Adds to existing law to provide that certain areas of the State of Idaho shall make daylight saving time the permanent time upon a specified condition.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF LANDS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Lands for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Fish and Game for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF FISH AND GAME -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Fish and Game for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Building Safety for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF BUILDING SAFETY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Building Safety for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- MEDICAID AND PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Regulatory Boards for fiscal years 2021 and 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- REGULATORY BOARDS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Regulatory Boards for fiscal years 2021 and 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Health Education Programs for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH EDUCATION PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Board of Education and the Board of Regents of the University of Idaho for Health Education Programs for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Parks and Recreation for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- LEGISLATIVE BRANCH -- Relates to the appropriation to the Legislative Branch for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Catastrophic Health Care Program for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- CATASTROPHIC HEALTH CARE PROGRAM -- Relates to the appropriation to the Catastrophic Health Care Program for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- FAMILY AND COMMUNITY SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Executive Office of the Governor for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to clarify that motorists must abide by railroad crossing laws with respect to on-track equipment traveling on railroad tracks.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Amends existing law to clarify that motorists must abide by railroad crossing laws with respect to on-track equipment traveling on railroad tracks.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the Appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY -- Relates to the Appropriation to the Department of Environmental Quality for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Medical Boards for fiscal years 2021 and 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- MEDICAL BOARDS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Medical Boards for fiscal years 2021 and 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Controller for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE CONTROLLER -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Controller for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Liquor Division for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE LIQUOR DIVISION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Liquor Division for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Drug Policy for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF DRUG POLICY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Drug Policy for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE POLICE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Police for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OFFICE OF THE STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of the State Board of Education for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Superintendent of Public Instruction for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Superintendent of Public Instruction for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Historical Society for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- IDAHO STATE HISTORICAL SOCIETY -- Relates to the appropriation to the Idaho State Historical Society for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Soil and Water Conservation Commission for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SOIL AND WATER CONSERVATION COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Soil and Water Conservation Commission for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- OTHER PROGRAMS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding income limitations and tax reduction amounts for the property tax relief program.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Amends existing law to revise provisions regarding income limitations and tax reduction amounts for the property tax relief program.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- HEALTH AND WELFARE -- MEDICAID -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Health and Welfare for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Commerce for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Labor for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DEPARTMENT OF LABOR -- Relates to the appropriation to the Department of Labor for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Board of Tax Appeals for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- BOARD OF TAX APPEALS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Board of Tax Appeals for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- STATE TAX COMMISSION -- Relates to the appropriation to the State Tax Commission for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SUPREME COURT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- SUPREME COURT -- Relates to the appropriation to the Supreme Court for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2021.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF CAREER TECHNICAL EDUCATION -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Career Technical Education for fiscal year 2021.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to year-end appropriations and transfers.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Relates to year-end appropriations and transfers.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- DIVISION OF HUMAN RESOURCES -- Relates to the appropriation to the Division of Human Resources for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal year 2020.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- OITS -- Relates to the appropriation to the Office of Information Technology Services for fiscal year 2020.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Relates to the appropriation and transfer of moneys from the Budget Stabilization Fund to the General Fund.. Description: APPROPRIATIONS -- Relates to the appropriation and transfer of moneys from the Budget Stabilization Fund to the General Fund.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and recognizing August 26, 2020, as Women's Suffrage Day.. Description: WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE -- Stating findings of the Legislature and recognizing August 26, 2020, as Women's Suffrage Day.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Providing for a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Governor.. Description: GOVERNOR'S ADDRESS -- Providing for a joint session of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the purpose of hearing a message from the Governor.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and affirming the historical value of the designation of Chicken Dinner Road in Canyon County, Idaho.. Description: CHICKEN DINNER ROAD -- Stating findings of the Legislature and affirming the historical value of the designation of Chicken Dinner Road in Canyon County, Idaho.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and congratulating the city of Idaho Falls and Bonneville County for the preservation of the historic Hotel Bonneville for generations to come.. Description: HOTEL BONNEVILLE -- Stating findings of the Legislature and congratulating the city of Idaho Falls and Bonneville County for the preservation of the historic Hotel Bonneville for generations to come.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and recognizing nuclear power as a significant emissions-free energy resource and recognizing the significant contributions of the Idaho National Laboratory.. Description: IDAHO NATIONAL LABORATORY -- Stating findings of the Legislature and recognizing nuclear power as a significant emissions-free energy resource and recognizing the significant contributions of the Idaho National Laboratory.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and providing for a joint rule of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the display of the words “In God We Trust” above the chairs of the presiding officers.. Description: JOINT RULE 23 -- Stating findings of the Legislature and providing for a joint rule of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the display of the words “In God We Trust” above the chairs of the presiding officers.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and recognizing missing and murdered indigenous persons as a crisis in Idaho and designating May 5 as a day of awareness.. Description: INDIAN AFFAIRS -- Stating findings of the Legislature and recognizing missing and murdered indigenous persons as a crisis in Idaho and designating May 5 as a day of awareness.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and authorizing the Legislative Council to appoint a committee to undertake and complete a study of state funding for public institutions of higher education.. Description: HIGHER EDUCATION -- Stating findings of the Legislature and authorizing the Legislative Council to appoint a committee to undertake and complete a study of state funding for public institutions of higher education.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and urging that federal, state, local, and other building projects include safe, renewable, and environmentally friendly wood products grown and produced in Idaho in their building and construction plans.. Description: IDAHO WOOD PRODUCTS -- Stating findings of the Legislature and urging that federal, state, local, and other building projects include safe, renewable, and environmentally friendly wood products grown and produced in Idaho in their building and construction plans.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and reauthorizing the Occupational Licensing and Certification Laws Interim Committee.. Description: OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING -- Stating findings of the Legislature and reauthorizing the Occupational Licensing and Certification Laws Interim Committee.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and directing the Committee on Federalism to study the fair taxable value of certain federal lands.. Description: PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES -- Stating findings of the Legislature and directing the Committee on Federalism to study the fair taxable value of certain federal lands.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and establishing March 14 as Idaho Women's Day.. Description: IDAHO WOMEN'S DAY -- Stating findings of the Legislature and establishing March 14 as Idaho Women's Day.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and designating November 7 as Victims of Communism Memorial Day.. Description: VICTIMS OF COMMUNISM MEMORIAL DAY -- Stating findings of the Legislature and designating November 7 as Victims of Communism Memorial Day.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and requesting that the State Board of Education and State Department of Education research alternatives to the tenth grade Idaho Standards Achievement Test (ISAT).. Description: EDUCATION -- Stating findings of the Legislature and requesting that the State Board of Education and State Department of Education research alternatives to the tenth grade Idaho Standards Achievement Test (ISAT).
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and encouraging the efforts of the Idaho Transportation Department and other governmental entities to engage in programs similar to those employed by ITD.. Description: TRANSPORTATION -- Stating findings of the Legislature and encouraging the efforts of the Idaho Transportation Department and other governmental entities to engage in programs similar to those employed by ITD.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and requesting that the State Department of Education and State Board of Education research and implement new high school graduation pathways appropriate for college-bound students and career technical students.. Description: EDUCATION -- Stating findings of the Legislature and requesting that the State Department of Education and State Board of Education research and implement new high school graduation pathways appropriate for college-bound students and career technical students.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating the findings of the Legislature and recognizing the importance of mining in the history, development, and future of the State of Idaho.. Description: MINING -- Stating the findings of the Legislature and recognizing the importance of mining in the history, development, and future of the State of Idaho.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and endorsing the need for the Idaho Division of Veterans Services to request federal grants to expand the Boise Veterans Cemetery and to fund the renovation of safety projects at the State Veterans Homes in Lewiston and Pocatello.. Description: VETERANS -- Stating findings of the Legislature and endorsing the need for the Idaho Division of Veterans Services to request federal grants to expand the Boise Veterans Cemetery and to fund the renovation of safety projects at the State Veterans Homes in Lewiston and Pocatello.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and authorizing the Idaho Division of Veterans Services to enter into an agreement with the Idaho State Building Authority.. Description: VETERANS -- Stating findings of the Legislature and authorizing the Idaho Division of Veterans Services to enter into an agreement with the Idaho State Building Authority.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and authorizing a study committee to develop a strategy for viable intrastate commercial air service in Idaho.. Description: AIR SERVICE STUDY COMMITTEE -- Stating findings of the Legislature and authorizing a study committee to develop a strategy for viable intrastate commercial air service in Idaho.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and supporting a collaboration among the three branches of the state government, local governments, and community partners in developing and implementing a statewide strategic plan to improve the Idaho behavioral health system.. Description: HEALTH -- Stating findings of the Legislature and supporting a collaboration among the three branches of the state government, local governments, and community partners in developing and implementing a statewide strategic plan to improve the Idaho behavioral health system.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and encouraging Idaho high schools, colleges, and universities to offer credit-bearing personal finance classes to their students.. Description: EDUCATION -- Stating findings of the Legislature and encouraging Idaho high schools, colleges, and universities to offer credit-bearing personal finance classes to their students.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and declaring support to better understand the issues that are contributing to the decline of Idaho's bird populations and the implications of this decline and to identify opportunities to restore healthy wild bird populations.. Description: WILD BIRD POPULATIONS -- Stating findings of the Legislature and declaring support to better understand the issues that are contributing to the decline of Idaho's bird populations and the implications of this decline and to identify opportunities to restore healthy wild bird populations.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and honoring Bill Roden for his commitment and contributions to the people and the State of Idaho and designating the lobbyist lounge in the Capitol Building as the Bill Roden Memorial Lounge.. Description: BILL RODEN -- Stating findings of the Legislature and honoring Bill Roden for his commitment and contributions to the people and the State of Idaho and designating the lobbyist lounge in the Capitol Building as the Bill Roden Memorial Lounge.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and authorizing the Legislative Council to appoint a committee to undertake and complete a study of the Idaho Content Standards.. Description: EDUCATION -- Stating findings of the Legislature and authorizing the Legislative Council to appoint a committee to undertake and complete a study of the Idaho Content Standards.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and expressing support for military and veteran caregivers and proclaiming May as Hidden Heroes Month in Idaho.. Description: HIDDEN HEROES MONTH -- Stating findings of the Legislature and expressing support for military and veteran caregivers and proclaiming May as Hidden Heroes Month in Idaho.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and authorizing a legislative interim study committee on property taxes.. Description: PROPERTY TAXES -- Stating findings of the Legislature and authorizing a legislative interim study committee on property taxes.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and supporting Governor Brad Little and the Idaho Department of Correction in their opposition to the State of Idaho providing gender reassignment surgery to Adree Edmo.. Description: DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION -- Stating findings of the Legislature and supporting Governor Brad Little and the Idaho Department of Correction in their opposition to the State of Idaho providing gender reassignment surgery to Adree Edmo.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and supporting the Idaho State Department of Agriculture utilizing certain Rural Economic and Integrated Freight Transportation (REDIFiT) program moneys.. Description: RURAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT AND INTEGRATED FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM -- Stating findings of the Legislature and supporting the Idaho State Department of Agriculture utilizing certain Rural Economic and Integrated Freight Transportation (REDIFiT) program moneys.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and directing the Idaho Water Resource Board to work expeditiously with local water users to develop a comprehensive settlement regarding supply demands in the Lemhi River Basin.. Description: LEMHI RIVER BASIN -- Stating findings of the Legislature and directing the Idaho Water Resource Board to work expeditiously with local water users to develop a comprehensive settlement regarding supply demands in the Lemhi River Basin.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature, recognizing and honoring the remarkable life of John Rosholt and his commitment and contributions to the people and the State of Idaho, and designating the water law collection at the Idaho State Law Library as the John Rosholt Memorial Water Law Collection.. Description: JOHN ROSHOLT -- Stating findings of the Legislature, recognizing and honoring the remarkable life of John Rosholt and his commitment and contributions to the people and the State of Idaho, and designating the water law collection at the Idaho State Law Library as the John Rosholt Memorial Water Law Collection.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and approving administrative rules that impose a fee or charge, with exceptions, and rejecting certain agency rule dockets that are not approved.. Description: ADMINISTRATIVE RULES -- Stating findings of the Legislature and approving administrative rules that impose a fee or charge, with exceptions, and rejecting certain agency rule dockets that are not approved.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Proposing an amendment to the Idaho Constitution to set the number of legislative districts at 35 and to set the number of state senators at 35.. Description: LEGISLATURE -- Proposing an amendment to the Idaho Constitution to set the number of legislative districts at 35 and to set the number of state senators at 35.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature, supporting the Itafos Conda project, and requesting that the federal government commit adequate personnel and resources to the project.. Description: ITAFOS CONDA -- Stating findings of the Legislature, supporting the Itafos Conda project, and requesting that the federal government commit adequate personnel and resources to the project.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and requesting that the President of the United States and Congress establish sanctions against opioid traffickers and financial institutions that assist them.. Description: HEALTH -- Stating findings of the Legislature and requesting that the President of the United States and Congress establish sanctions against opioid traffickers and financial institutions that assist them.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and requesting that Congress take action necessary to make buprenorphine more accessible to patients.. Description: HEALTH -- Stating findings of the Legislature and requesting that Congress take action necessary to make buprenorphine more accessible to patients.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and supporting the effort by the Trump Administration, through the Executive Office of the President, to modernize and simplify NEPA regulations in order to streamline the review process without changing environmental standards.. Description: NEPA REGULATIONS -- Stating findings of the Legislature and supporting the effort by the Trump Administration, through the Executive Office of the President, to modernize and simplify NEPA regulations in order to streamline the review process without changing environmental standards.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and respecting the right of the President of the United States to order the Idaho National Guard into the service of the United States for any purpose for which he is authorized.. Description: IDAHO NATIONAL GUARD -- Stating findings of the Legislature and respecting the right of the President of the United States to order the Idaho National Guard into the service of the United States for any purpose for which he is authorized.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature and supporting the relationship between the State of Idaho and the Republic of China (Taiwan) and supporting Taiwan's meaningful participation in appropriate international organizations.. Description: TAIWAN -- Stating findings of the Legislature and supporting the relationship between the State of Idaho and the Republic of China (Taiwan) and supporting Taiwan's meaningful participation in appropriate international organizations.
In 2020, Idaho passed a bill titled: Stating findings of the Legislature, opposing the removal or breaching of the dams on the Columbia-Snake River System and its tributaries, and recognizing certain benefits provided by the Port of Lewiston.. Description: COLUMBIA-SNAKE RIVER SYSTEM -- Stating findings of the Legislature, opposing the removal or breaching of the dams on the Columbia-Snake River System and its tributaries, and recognizing certain benefits provided by the Port of Lewiston.
In 2020, Idaho engrossed a bill titled: Commending the Rotary Club of Moscow on its 100th anniversary of service.. Description: ROTARY CLUB OF MOSCOW -- Commending the Rotary Club of Moscow on its 100th anniversary of service.
