Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Indiana:
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Todd Duncan.. Description: Honoring Todd Duncan. A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Todd M. Duncan for his service and commitment to the skilled trades and SMART (Sheet Metal, Air, Rail, and Transportation) Union.
In 2025, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Code publication.. Description: Code publication. Repeals and relocates the following definitions chapters for organization of the defined terms by alphabetical order and to provide for future expansion of the chapters: (1) IC 3-5-2 (elections law definitions) at a new IC 3-5-2.1. (2) IC 34-6-2 (civil law definitions) at a new IC 34-6-2.1. (3) IC 35-48-1 (controlled substances definitions) at a new IC 35-48-1.1. Makes conforming cross-reference updates. Makes technical amendments to remove tabulation designations from the following criminal law and procedure sections for consistency with similar statutes and to streamline amendment of those sections: (1) IC 35-31.5-2-321 (definition of "synthetic drug"). (2) IC 35-48-2-4 (schedule 1 controlled substances). Makes no substantive change to law. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the code revision committee.)
In 2025, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Battery charged security devices.. Description: Battery charged security devices. Prohibits a county, city, or town from adopting or enforcing an ordinance or resolution that prohibits or imposes requirements on certain battery charged security devices.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Indy Gateway.. Description: Honoring Indy Gateway. A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Indy Gateway for their efforts in ensuring long-term sustainability on the west side of Indianapolis.
In 2025, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Conduct of primary elections.. Description: Conduct of primary elections. Provides that two or more candidates of a political party may sign a written statement indicating their desire to name a watcher to be present at a county primary election. (Current law requires that 26% or more of all candidates of a political party must sign a written statement to indicate a desire to name a watcher.) Allows a county chairman of a political party to appoint a watcher to each precinct in which the political party has a candidate on the ballot if two or more candidates do not sign a written statement to request a watcher.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Tru Colors Indy.. Description: Recognizing Tru Colors Indy. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Tru Colors Indy for its dedication to creating leadership opportunities for youth.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Suzann Siler DeLay and the CIDE.. Description: Congratulating Suzann Siler DeLay and the CIDE. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Suzann Siler DeLay and the Central Indiana Dance Ensemble (CIDE) on the Ensemble's 25th anniversary.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Young Men, Inc.. Description: Recognizing Young Men, Inc. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Young Men, Inc. for their public service.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Jeff Stant.. Description: Honoring Jeff Stant. A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Jeff Stant upon his retirement from the Indiana Forest Alliance.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Jack Laurie Group.. Description: Honoring Jack Laurie Group. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Jack Laurie Group on its 75th anniversary.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day.. Description: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Indiana federal congressional delegation to support the Susan Muffley Act.. Description: Urging the Indiana federal congressional delegation to support the Susan Muffley Act. Urging the Indiana federal congressional delegation to support the Susan Muffley Act.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Chief Greg Mance upon his retirement from the Town of Griffith Police Department.. Description: Honoring Chief Greg Mance upon his retirement from the Town of Griffith Police Department. Honoring Chief Greg Mance upon his retirement from the Town of Griffith Police Department.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the 100th year anniversary of the Munster Chamber of Commerce.. Description: Celebrating the 100th year anniversary of the Munster Chamber of Commerce. Celebrating the 100th year anniversary of the Munster Chamber of Commerce.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Lawrenceburg High School Lady Tigers varsity soccer team.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Lawrenceburg High School Lady Tigers varsity soccer team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Lawrenceburg High School Lady Tigers varsity soccer team.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Lieutenant Governor Suzanne Crouch.. Description: Honoring Lieutenant Governor Suzanne Crouch. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Lieutenant Governor Suzanne Crouch upon her retirement.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Chloe Montague-Himmell.. Description: Honoring Chloe Montague-Himmell. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Zionsville High School senior Chloe Montague-Himmell.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: To convene a Joint Convention of the One Hundred and Twenty-Fourth General Assembly of the State of Indiana to publish the returns of the election for Governor and Lieutenant Governor.. Description: To convene a Joint Convention of the One Hundred and Twenty-Fourth General Assembly of the State of Indiana to publish the returns of the election for Governor and Lieutenant Governor. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a Joint Convention of the One Hundred and Twenty-Fourth General Assembly of the State of Indiana to publish the returns of the election for Governor and Lieutenant Governor.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Chief Steven Orusa upon his retirement from the Fishers Fire Department.. Description: Honoring Chief Steven Orusa upon his retirement from the Fishers Fire Department. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Chief Steven Orusa upon his retirement from the Fishers Fire Department.
In 2025, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. Nikki Woodson upon her retirement from Superintendent for Washington Township Schools.. Description: Honoring Dr. Nikki Woodson upon her retirement from Superintendent for Washington Township Schools. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Nikki Woodson upon her retirement from Superintendent for Washington Township Schools.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: To allow the Senate and the House of Representatives of the 124th Indiana General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the First Regular Session for periods in excess of three (3) cons. Description: To allow the Senate and the House of Representatives of the 124th Indiana General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the First Regular Session for periods in excess of three (3) cons A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to allow the Senate and the House of Representatives of the 124th Indiana General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the First Regular Session for periods in excess of three (3) consecutive days as the need, in the judgment of the President Pro Tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, respectively, may arise.
In 2025, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Memorializing Janis Stockhouse.. Description: Memorializing Janis Stockhouse. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing the life of Bloomington High School North Band Director Janis Stockhouse.
In 2025, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. Michael Beresford.. Description: Honoring Dr. Michael Beresford. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Michael Beresford upon his retirement from Carmel Clay Schools.
In 2025, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: To convene a joint convention of the 124th Indiana General Assembly to receive the Governor's message on the State of the State.. Description: To convene a joint convention of the 124th Indiana General Assembly to receive the Governor's message on the State of the State. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a joint convention of the 124th Indiana General Assembly to receive the Governor's message on the State of the State.
In 2025, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: To convene a joint convention of the 124th Indiana General Assembly to receive the Chief Justice's report on the State of the Judiciary.. Description: To convene a joint convention of the 124th Indiana General Assembly to receive the Chief Justice's report on the State of the Judiciary. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a joint convention of the 124th Indiana General Assembly to receive the Chief Justice's report on the State of the Judiciary.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Mr. Robert Paul Garrison.. Description: Honoring Mr. Robert Paul Garrison.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Remembering Ernest Vernon Beck.. Description: Remembering Ernest Vernon Beck.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Indiana's women veterans.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Indiana's women veterans.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Mixed beverages.. Description: Mixed beverages. Adds a definition of "mixed beverage". Allows the holder of a wine wholesaler's permit to take certain actions concerning mixed beverages and flavored malt beverages.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Religious Freedom Day.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Religious Freedom Day.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education and higher education matters.. Description: Education and higher education matters. Amends the definition of "eligible student" to include a sibling of a student with a disability with regards to the education scholarship account program (ESA). Provides that the sibling may not use the ESA account for certain ESA qualified expenses. Provides that an annual grant amount awarded under the career scholarship account (CSA) program may be used for costs related to obtaining a driver's license if certain conditions are met. Establishes conditions regarding the amount of funds that may be used from CSA annual grant amounts for transportation costs. Amends certain requirements regarding ESA and CSA participating entities regarding providing evidence of unencumbered assets. Changes certain CSA application time frames from seven days to 30 days. Requires each state educational institution to provide to the commission for higher education (commission) certain information regarding degrees, degree completion, faculty members, administrative support staff, costs, compensation, and debt loads. Requires the commission to prepare longitudinal analysis regarding certain data. Requires each private postsecondary educational institution and each out-of-state public and nonprofit degree granting institution that offers instructional or educational services or training in Indiana to provide to the department of education information to carry out certain reporting requirements and requirements related to the Indiana Graduates Prepared to Succeed dashboard. Allows for the revocation of an out-of-state public or nonprofit degree granting institution's authorization if the institution fails to provide the information. Adds teaching to the employment sectors eligible for the next level jobs employer training grant program. Amends requirements regarding: (1) eligibility for career coaching grants; and (2) instruction on career awareness.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Administrative law.. Description: Administrative law. Makes the office of administrative law proceedings the ultimate authority in any administrative proceeding under its jurisdiction. Provides certain exceptions. Provides that the bill applies to certain proceedings filed after June 30, 2024.  Specifies when a state agency may be required to pay reasonable attorney's fees for judicial review proceedings. Outlines procedures for the ultimate authority regarding nonfinal orders and procedures to file objections to final orders. Permits a final order to be corrected by means of a motion to correct error. Provides that the court shall decide all questions of law, including any interpretation of a federal or state constitutional provision, state statute, or agency rule, without deference to any previous interpretation made by the state agency. Provides that a court is not bound by a finding of fact made by the ultimate authority if the finding of fact is not supported by the record. Requires the state agency to transmit the agency record to the court for judicial review. Eliminates the office of environmental adjudication and transfers proceedings to the office of administrative law proceedings. Creates requirements for administrative law judges that are assigned to certain environmental matters. Provides that until the office of administrative law proceedings adopts or amends rules related to environmental matters, it must continue to follow and implement rules under 315 IAC. Requires the office of administrative law proceedings to continue to index and make publicly available, in a substantially similar online searchable format, the final orders of contested appeals currently maintained by the office. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Pension matters.. Description: Pension matters. Provides that a state employee may affirmatively elect to enroll in the deferred compensation plan prior to the auto enroll date on day 31 of the state employee's employment. Removes a provision that sets a maximum employer surcharge for the legislators' defined benefit plan, state excise police, gaming agent, gaming control officer, and conservation enforcement officers' retirement plan, public employees' retirement fund, and Indiana state teachers' retirement fund (fund). Requires the board of trustees of the Indiana public retirement system (board) to develop the technological and administrative capabilities sufficient to categorize fund members into separate groups in which: (1) certain members receive a service based thirteenth check; and (2) certain members receive a cost of living adjustment. Requires the board to set the surcharge rates at a level to actuarially prefund: (1) annual indexed thirteenth checks for all current retired members and beneficiaries retired before July 1, 2025; and (2) 1% annual cost of living adjustments to future in-payment members and beneficiaries retired on or after July 1, 2025. Provides that the board shall not reduce the surcharge rates from the prior year. Allows the board to increase the surcharge rates by not more than 0.1% of payroll from the prior year. Requires certain political subdivisions to present to the interim study committee on pension management oversight regarding a delinquent employee retirement plan offered by the political subdivision. Requires, effective July 1, 2025, the trustee of the state police pension trust to maintain two supplemental allowance reserve accounts for the purpose of paying postretirement benefit adjustments. Increases the maximum date that a member or participant of certain retirement funds can participate in the deferred retirement option plan from 36 to 60 months. Requires the member or participant to notify their employer if the member or participant elects to enter or extend the deferred retirement option plan. Provides for a thirteenth check in 2024 for certain members, participants, or beneficiaries of the: (1) Indiana state teachers' retirement fund; (2) Indiana public employees' retirement fund; (3) state excise police, gaming agent, gaming control officer, and conservation enforcement officers' retirement plan; (4) state police pre-1987 benefit system; and (5) state police 1987 benefit system.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Child operated refreshment stands.. Description: Child operated refreshment stands. Provides that a local health department, the health and hospital corporation of Marion County, a county, a municipality, or a township may not adopt or enforce a law, rule, ordinance, or resolution that prohibits or regulates, including by requiring a license, permit, or fee, the sale of lemonade or other nonalcoholic beverages from a stand on private property by an individual who is less than 18 years of age. Provides that the individual who operates the stand must comply with certain requirements. Provides that a stand is not considered a food establishment and does not require a certified food protection manager. Provides that the governing documents of a homeowners association may not prohibit or regulate, including by requiring a permit or fee, the sale of lemonade or other nonalcoholic beverages from a stand on property located in the subdivision by an individual who is less than 18 years of age. Provides that a homeowners association: (1) does not owe a duty of care to persons participating in a beverage sale; and (2) is not liable for any injury to persons participating in a beverage sale; except for willful or wanton acts or gross negligence of the homeowners association.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Green alert for missing at risk veterans.. Description: Green alert for missing at risk veterans. Defines "veteran at risk". Creates the green alert program to provide for public notification regarding missing veterans at risk. Changes the name of the Indiana clearinghouse for information on missing children and missing endangered adults to the Indiana clearinghouse for information on missing children, missing veterans at risk, and missing endangered adults (clearinghouse). Makes conforming changes to the duties of the clearinghouse. Creates certain duties and reporting requirements for law enforcement agencies concerning missing veterans at risk. Provides immunity for a broadcaster who broadcasts, or an electronic billboard operator who displays, a green alert notification and a person who establishes or maintains a green alert website under an agreement with the state police department. Makes technical corrections.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commission, committee, and board administration.. Description: Commission, committee, and board administration. Specifies certain duties and responsibilities relating to the operations of various task forces, committees, boards, and councils (statutory entities). Renames the Indiana code revision commission, probate code study commission, and other statutory entities. Specifies that certain statutory entities are subject to the general law governing legislative committees rather than to the law governing the statutory list of interim study committees. Authorizes a designee of the revisor of statutes to serve as a member of the uniform law commission (ULC). Repeals statutes governing the Medicaid oversight committee and relocates them to the law governing interim study committees. Identifies certain state employees serving on statutory entities by their specific job titles. Provides for the reimbursement of expenses of state employees, lay persons, and members of the general assembly serving on statutory entities. Specifies the expiration dates of the terms of members of certain statutory entities. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the code revision commission.)
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Fire department work schedule.. Description: Fire department work schedule. Provides that a fire department may deviate from the required maximum work hours for members of the fire department only if authorized by a collective bargaining agreement, memorandum of understanding, or other similar written mutual agreement with an exclusive recognized representative of employees of the fire department.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Legislative notaries.. Description: Legislative notaries. Makes stylistic and technical changes to the statute that confers notarial powers on members of the general assembly, the principal clerk of the house of representatives, and the principal secretary of the senate. Provides that the power of a legislative notary expires: (1) on the date the current term of office of the individual expires, if the individual is a member of the general assembly; or (2) on the date the term of the current general assembly expires, if the individual is the principal clerk of the house of representatives or the principal secretary of the senate. (Current law does not state when the power of a legislative notary expires.) Provides that a legislative notary must indicate on a document that the legislative notary signs the date the legislative notary's power expires. (Under current law, a legislative notary who is a member of the general assembly must indicate on the document when the individual was elected to the general assembly. The law does not currently impose such a requirement on the principal clerk of the house of representatives or the principal secretary of the senate.) Provides that a legislative notary may administer oaths, protest notes, and checks without attesting the act by a seal. Specifies that the word "seal" does not need to be contained within an electronic seal or official seal.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Insurance and transfer on death deeds.. Description: Insurance and transfer on death deeds. Extends insurance coverage on property transferred by a transfer on death transfer following the death of the insured after December 31, 2024, for property and casualty insurance and liability insurance other than title insurance and certain insurance relating to bonds and mortgages. Allows certain warning language to be included in a transfer on death deed executed after December 31, 2024. Provides that a failure by a beneficiary to file an affidavit in the office of the recorder of the county in which the real property is located or a delay by the county recorder in recording the affidavit does not affect the validity of the transfer on death transfer to the beneficiary. Provides that until the affidavit is recorded, the transfer on death beneficiary or beneficiaries named in the transfer on death deed and the estate of the deceased owner are jointly and severally liable for property taxes assessed with respect to the real property for assessment years beginning with the assessment year in which the owner's death occurs. Provides that if a transferee obtains a property and casualty insurance policy or liability insurance policy insuring the real or personal property the transferee acquired or received through a transfer, the transferee is not an insured on the insurance policy of the transferor once the transferee's property and casualty insurance policy or liability insurance policy becomes effective.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Transition to teaching scholarships.. Description: Transition to teaching scholarships. Provides that an applicant for a transition to teaching scholarship after June 30, 2024, must be a member of a household with an annual income of $100,000 or less. Provides that any balance in the next generation Hoosier educators scholarship fund remaining after the award of next generation Hoosier educators scholarships for a fiscal year may be used to fund additional transition to teaching scholarships. Removes a provision concerning the reduction of scholarships if certain limits are exceeded.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Sexual offenses.. Description: Sexual offenses. Provides that an action for injury to a person that results from the sexual abuse of a child, that has expired under the current statute of limitations, may be commenced before July 1, 2025, against specified entities seeking bankruptcy protection, if certain circumstances exist.  Provides that certain images created by artificial intelligence or similar means constitute an "intimate image" for purposes of: (1) a civil action involving nonconsensual pornography; or (2) the crime of distributing an intimate image. Specifies that an intimate image, for purposes of the criminal offense, must appear to depict the alleged victim. Exempts certain news media and internet and cloud service providers from the criminal offense under certain circumstances. Provides that "peep", for purposes of the voyeurism statute, includes the use of a concealed camera with the intent of capturing an intimate image. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Communication between caregivers and parents.. Description: Communication between caregivers and parents. Adds language providing that supporting and facilitating two-way communication between parents and foster parents or kinship caregivers is a state policy.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Test strips.. Description: Test strips. Removes provisions related to testing the strength, effectiveness, or purity of a controlled substance in the criminal laws concerning possession of controlled substance paraphernalia.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Breast cancer screening and services.. Description: Breast cancer screening and services. Specifies that coverage of breast cancer rehabilitative services and reconstructive surgery incident to a mastectomy includes chest wall reconstruction and aesthetic flat closure. Requires a facility performing a mammography examination to provide: (1) an assessment of the patient's breast tissue density using specified classifications; (2) written notice to the patient and the referring provider; and (3) concerning the notice to the patient, specified notification language depending on whether the facility determined the patient to have dense breast tissue or not dense breast tissue. Requires the medical licensing board of Indiana to amend an administrative code rule to remove references to "high breast density" and to align with the breast tissue density classifications in this act.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: DCS technical changes and adoption subsidies.. Description: DCS technical changes and adoption subsidies. Relocates the definition of "foster youth". Defines "licensed kinship caregiver". Makes the following changes with regard to state adoption subsidies: (1) Removes the age requirement for eligibility. (2) Provides that a child who is a ward of the department of child services (DCS) is considered hard to place for purposes of eligibility.
Removes language regarding medical passports. Provides that if a child in foster care receives medical care, the person having custody of the child shall inform the provider that the child is in foster care and require a copy of the medical treatment record to be sent to the DCS local office. Provides that DCS shall not make an out-of-home placement of a child in a home if a person residing in the home has been convicted of a nonwaivable offense. Makes technical and conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Kokomo High School Principal Angela Blessing.. Description: Honoring Kokomo High School Principal Angela Blessing. Honoring Kokomo High School Principal Angela Blessing.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Human services matters.. Description: Human services matters. Establishes the special service review team to review denied applications and applications for which a determination has not been made for the community integration and habilitation waiver. Limits the geographical area of review. Establishes reporting requirements. Requires the division of disability and rehabilitative services to obtain consent from a waiver applicant in order to share the application and information accompanying the application with the review team. Provides immunity for an employee who obtains consent and provides the information in good faith. Provides that the review team expires December 31, 2026. Makes changes to the situations in which an emergency placement priority may be provided for individuals under a Medicaid waiver. Amends the membership of and provisions concerning: (1) the Indiana state commission on aging; and (2) the community and home options to institutional care for the elderly and disabled board. Requires the services for individuals with intellectual and other developmental disabilities task force (task force) to establish, not later than May 1, 2024, a subcommittee to make recommendations to the task force regarding the Medicaid buy-in program and benefit related barriers to employment for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Requires the subcommittee to prepare and submit recommendations to the task force. Changes the expiration date of the task force. Requires the division of disability and rehabilitative services to provide quarterly updates to the division of disability and rehabilitative services advisory council regarding the implementation of recommendations made by the task force. Authorizes the office of the secretary of family and social services (office of the secretary) to implement a risk based managed care program for certain Medicaid recipients. Requires the office of Medicaid policy and planning to convene a workgroup and, with managed care organizations, to conduct a claims submission testing period before the risk based managed care program is established. Provides that, during the first 210 days after the risk based managed care program is implemented, a provider that experiences a financial emergency due to claims payment issues shall receive temporary emergency assistance from the managed care organizations with which the provider is contracted. Requires the office of the secretary and the division of mental health and addiction to include each community mental health center that meets certain requirements in the community mental health services demonstration program (program), if Indiana is approved to participate in the program and as a state plan amendment for specified reimbursement after the program. Allows the office of the secretary and the division of mental health and addiction to apply for a Medicaid state plan amendment or waiver to allow for Medicaid reimbursement for eligible certified community behavioral health clinic services by certain Medicaid providers, if Indiana is not approved to participate in the program.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Unlicensed real estate solicitors.. Description: Unlicensed real estate solicitors. Defines an "unlicensed real estate solicitor". Requires an unlicensed real estate solicitor to include a specific disclosure on all solicitations promoting the unlicensed real estate solicitor's intent to purchase a residential, single-family home. Provides requirements for listing agreements and buyer agency agreements. Provides remedies to a homeowner that enters into an agreement with an unlicensed real estate solicitor. Provides that it is a deceptive act enforceable by the attorney general for an unlicensed real estate solicitor to solicit the sale or purchase of real estate without the required disclosure.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Mental health grants.. Description: Mental health grants. Allows the division of mental health and addiction to award mental health grants to for-profit community mental health organizations if a nonprofit organization does not qualify for the grant.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Special education.. Description: Special education. Provides that the commission on seclusion and restraint in schools (commission) must include eliminating or minimizing the need for use of time-out in its model restraint and seclusion plan. Requires the commission to meet biannually (instead of annually, under current law), and requires the commission to submit a biannual report to the state advisory council on the education of children with disabilities. Requires school corporations, subject to available funding, to have electronic recording equipment in each designated special education classroom, seclusion area, and time-out area not later than July 1, 2025. Provides that electronic recording equipment must be active and recording when certain areas are in use, and that any recorded audio files, images, and video must be stored for a period of not less than 60 days. Creates a process by which a parent of a special education student may request to review certain recordings. Provides that specified individuals employed by a school corporation may request to review to review recordings.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Low THC hemp extract.. Description: Low THC hemp extract. Defines "work in progress hemp extract" for purposes of the statute concerning industrial hemp. Provides that a licensed hemp handler may possess, manufacture, store, transport, or sell work in progress hemp extract. Provides for purposes of the statute concerning the adulteration or misbranding of foods, that a food is not considered adulterated for containing low THC hemp extract. Requires a food establishment that serves food containing low THC hemp extract to disclose in writing to a consumer that the food contains low THC hemp extract. Sets forth certain restrictions with respect to the packaging of low THC hemp extract. Establishes criteria for the analysis of low THC hemp extract, and prohibits the sale of low THC hemp extract to a person less than 21 years of age if the low THC hemp extract contains certain elements. Makes other changes
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Privacy of firearms financial transactions.. Description: Privacy of firearms financial transactions. Amends the statute establishing the right of a member of: (1) the general assembly; (2) the professional staff of the general assembly; or (3) the Indiana lobby registration commission; to carry a handgun within the state capitol building and on the property of the state capitol complex by specifying that the right applies to any such member who is not prohibited under state or federal law from possessing a handgun. (Current law provides that the right applies to a member who: (1) possesses a valid Indiana license to carry a handgun; and (2) is otherwise permitted to possess a handgun.) Adds a new chapter to the Indiana Code article governing state officers to provide that any of the following state officers who is not prohibited from possessing a handgun under state or federal law has the right to carry a handgun within the state capitol building and on the property of the state capitol complex: (1) The attorney general. (2) The secretary of state. (3) The state comptroller. (4) The treasurer of state. Prohibits a governmental entity or any other person from knowingly or willfully keeping any list, record, or registry of: (1) privately owned firearms; or (2) the owners of firearms; with respect to Indiana consumers. Defines a "firearms code" as a merchant category code approved by the International Organization for Standardization specifically for firearms retailers. Provides that in a payment card transaction, a merchant acquirer or a payment card network may not: (1) assign; or (2) require the assignment of; a firearms code in a way that distinguishes a firearms retailer with at least one physical location in Indiana from general merchandise retailers or sporting goods retailers. Prohibits a financial services provider from declining or otherwise refusing to process a lawful payment card transaction based solely on the assignment or nonassignment of a firearms code to the payment card transaction. Prohibits a financial services provider from disclosing a financial record that: (1) is related to a payment card transaction; and (2) includes protected financial information, including a firearms code used, collected, or assigned in violation of the bill's provisions. Specifies that the bill's provisions apply only to a payment card transaction that is initiated after September 30, 2024, at a firearms retailer that is physically located in Indiana. Provides that the applicable primary financial regulator with jurisdiction over a financial services provider subject to the bill's provisions is responsible for enforcing the financial services provider's compliance with those provisions. Provides that, with respect to any person that is not a financial services provider subject to regulation by a financial regulator, the attorney general is responsible for enforcing the bill's prohibition against knowingly or willfully keeping any list, record, or registry of: (1) privately owned firearms; or (2) the owners of firearms. Provides that upon receiving notice of an alleged violation of this prohibition, the attorney general shall investigate the alleged violation in accordance with the attorney general's investigative demand procedures, subject to the statutory confidentiality provisions that apply to such procedures.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverage sales.. Description: Alcoholic beverage sales. Allows a bar or restaurant (retailer) to prepare, sell, and deliver alcoholic beverages for carry-out to a customer on the licensed premises in sealed, nonoriginal containers (qualified containers). Defines: (1) "craft manufacturer's permit" as a small brewery permit, farm winery permit, or artisan distiller's permit; and (2) "craft manufacturer" as the holder of a "craft manufacturer's permit". Requires, after June 30, 2024, liquor liability insurance or an endorsement with coverage of at least $500,000 to obtain or renew a retailer's or craft manufacturer's permit. Provides that if an establishment operates under both a retailer's permit and a craft manufacturer's permit, the insurance coverage requirements apply to the establishment and not to each permit individually. Requires compliance with the insurance coverage requirement not later than January 1, 2025, for a permit issued before July 1, 2024. Prohibits a retailer from doing the following: (1) Allowing a game on the licensed premises that: (A) is determined by the quantity of alcoholic beverages consumed by a patron; or (B) awards alcoholic beverage prizes, unless the alcohol beverages are charity gaming prizes or sold in a charity auction event. (2) Selling or serving an unlimited or indefinite amount of alcoholic beverages for a fixed price. Allows a retailer or craft manufacturer to reduce or increase the price of alcoholic beverages during a part of the day. Specifies that the alcohol and tobacco commission may revoke the privilege of selling alcoholic beverages: (1) in qualified containers for carry-out; or (2) for a reduced or increased price; for violations of certain conditions.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Transportation matters.. Description: Transportation matters. Provides that a conveyance to the state is excepted from the definition of a "conveyance document" requiring a sales disclosure form. Amends the annual reporting requirements for the Indiana department of transportation. Requires a unit to hold a public hearing before agreeing with a railroad to the closure of a public railroad crossing within the unit's jurisdiction. Allows evidence of a failure to comply with passenger restraint system statutes to be admitted in a civil action as to mitigation of damages for a plaintiff who is at least 15 years of age or older. Provides that an engineering and traffic investigation is not required to decrease the speed limit to 20 miles per hour on a highway with a functional classification of minor collector or local road in an urban district.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Financial responsibility for aircraft.. Description: Financial responsibility for aircraft. Amends the definition of "operation of aircraft" or "operate aircraft" for purposes of the aircraft financial responsibility act. Increases the minimum amount of loss resulting from bodily injury, death, or property damage in an aircraft accident required to be reported to the Indiana department of transportation (department) from $100 to $7,500. Requires certain information to be included in a report of an aircraft accident. Requires the owner or operator of an aircraft to provide the information required to be reported to the department to a damaged or injured party or a damaged or injured party's representative upon request. Removes the department from a provision allowing certain entities to maintain an action to enjoin a person from engaging in the operation of an aircraft for failure to comply with the aircraft financial responsibility requirements. Specifies how payments shall be made from a security deposit. Specifies the fee for service of process on the secretary of state. Adds an additional insured to certain provisions in the aircraft financial responsibility act. Makes corresponding changes. Makes technical corrections.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Employment of minors.. Description: Employment of minors. Provides certain exemptions from the employment of minors law. Repeals a provision concerning conditions for the employment of a minor as a performer. Provides exemptions from certain hour and time restrictions for the employment of a minor who is at least 14 years of age and less than 16 years of age. Removes language providing that a minor who is at least 14 years of age and less than 16 years of age may only work until 7 p.m. on a day that precedes a school day from June 1 through Labor Day. Repeals provisions concerning hour and time restrictions for the employment of a minor who is at least 16 years of age and less than 18 years of age. Specifies that the prohibition on a minor from working in a hazardous occupation does not apply to a minor who is at least 16 years of age and less than 18 years of age who is employed in agriculture. Repeals a provision concerning restrictions on an employer who employs a minor to work after 10 p.m. and before 6 a.m. Makes corresponding changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Courts for children three years of age and younger in need of services.. Description: Courts for children three years of age and younger in need of services. Establishes a safe baby court as a type of problem solving court. Provides that a child in need of services is an eligible individual for purposes of a problem solving court program.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Child care.. Description: Child care. Revises the definition of "child care home". Limits the number of children under twelve months of age that may be provided care in a child care home. Provides that certain child care programs are exempt from licensure. Amends certain licensing requirements for a class II child care home and a child care center. Provides that certain child care providers are eligible for voucher payments. Allows certain child care programs at schools to provide services to business employees' children when the business enters into a contract with the school and certain conditions are met.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: School safety.. Description: School safety. Provides that a school safety plan developed by a school corporation or charter school must establish an armed intruder drill protocol. Requires safe school committees to develop a policy that considers the effect of armed intruder drills on the safety and mental health of students, faculty, and staff. Prohibits an armed intruder drill that includes sensory components or activities from: (1) requiring student participation; or (2) taking place during regular school hours if a majority of the student body is present on school property. Allows a school corporation or charter school that: (1) employs a school resource officer; or (2) enters into a contract or a memorandum of understanding with a local law enforcement agency, private entity, or nonprofit corporation to employ a school resource officer; to participate in the 1977 fund. Provides that a school resource officer hired or rehired after June 30, 2024, who is a member of the 1977 fund shall remain in the 1977 fund. Provides that a school resource officer may become a member of the 1977 fund by meeting certain age and training requirements. Makes corresponding changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Regulated amusement devices.. Description: Regulated amusement devices. Provides that the department of homeland security (department) shall not inspect, and operating permits are not required for, certain regulated amusement devices. Provides that the department may perform an inspection of an exempted regulated amusement device only if a valid complaint or incident is reported to the department concerning the regulated amusement device.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Development restrictions on slopes.. Description: Development restrictions on slopes. Prohibits a unit from preventing development exclusively on the basis of slope, if the predevelopment slope of the site is less than 25%, unless the site is within a watershed area of a reservoir that is a source of a municipality's drinking water.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: State and local administration.. Description: State and local administration. Increases the assessed value limit for the disabled veteran property tax deduction from $200,000 to $240,000. Allows that, for purposes of various property tax deductions, an individual has until January 15 of a calendar year in which property taxes are first due and payable to complete, date, and file the required certified statement with the county auditor. Extends through 2025 the expiration of the threshold amounts used for determining whether a political subdivision's project is a controlled project and whether the petition and remonstrance process or the referendum process applies based on the political subdivision's total debt service tax rate. Specifies that a political subdivision's total debt service tax rate does not include a tax rate approved by voters for a referendum debt service tax levy. Extends the current cap on operating referendum tax that may be levied by a school corporation to taxes due and payable in 2025, and provides a formula to determine the cap for that year. Reestablishes, and enumerates requirements and procedures for, a petition and remonstrance and a referendum for controlled projects funded by debt service if the project scope changes from the purpose initially advertised to taxpayers. Adds trailer provisions pertaining to SEA 228-2024 regarding alcoholic beverage taxes on liquor, wine, and hard cider. Requires the state fair commission to approve future dates of the state fair and the state fair board to advise the commission on future dates of the state fair. Provides that a state employee may affirmatively elect to enroll in the deferred compensation plan prior to the auto enroll date on day 31 of the state employee's employment. Requires, effective July 1, 2025, the trustee of the state police pension trust to maintain a supplemental allowance reserve account for the purpose of paying postretirement benefit adjustments. Requires certain political subdivisions to present to the interim study committee on pension management oversight concerning a delinquent employee retirement plan offered by the political subdivision. Increases the maximum date that a member or participant of certain retirement funds can participate in the deferred retirement option plan from 36 to 60 months. Removes a reference in current law to outstanding bonds for which a fee replacement appropriation was made in a provision prohibiting a state educational institution from issuing bonds for refunding or advance refunding of outstanding bonds without approval of the budget agency and the board of trustees of the issuing state educational institution making certain findings. Provides that grant awards authorized in the 2023 budget bill and awarded after December 31, 2024, for regional mental health facility grants to counties for use in constructing new facilities or renovating existing facilities to provide mental health services for certain incarcerated individuals may not exceed $5,000,000 per county (instead of $2,500,000 per county). Prohibits a unit from entering into a sister city or cooperative agreement with a city, town, province, county, school, college, or university located in a foreign adversary. Provides parameters for the northwestern Indiana regional planning commission, beginning with calendar year 2025 and for each year thereafter through calendar year 2029, to annually adjust each participating county's portion of the budget. Authorizes the office of the secretary of family and social services (office of the secretary) to implement a risk based managed care program for certain Medicaid recipients. Requires the office of Medicaid policy and planning to convene a workgroup and, with managed care organizations, to conduct a claims submission testing period before the risk based managed care program is established. Authorizes the establishment of home health agency cooperative agreements and provides for the expiration of those provisions on June 30, 2027. (A similar law enacted in 2022 expired on July 1, 2023.) Specifies that a home health agency may contract directly or indirectly through a network of home health agencies. Provides that distributions for curricular materials may not be considered for purposes of determining whether a school corporation met the requirement to expend a minimum amount of state tuition support for teacher compensation. Repeals the requirement that each school maintained by a school corporation and each charter school establish a curricular materials account. Requires a public school to deposit distributions for curricular materials in: (1) the education fund of the school corporation that maintains the school; or (2) the fund in which a charter school receives state tuition support. Adds a provision to allow a redevelopment commission to expend revenues from its allocation fund that are allocated for police and fire services on both capital expenditures and operating expenses as authorized in the 2023 session in HB 1454. Provides that, if a township transitions from a single township firefighting and emergency services fund to two separate funds as authorized under current law, the township legislative body must approve a transfer of the remaining cash balance from the single fund to the two new separate funds and determine the amounts attributable to each fund. Requires the office of the secretary to present to the Medicaid oversight committee a detailed plan for monitoring expenses of the complete Medicaid program. Requires the office of the secretary to present to the budget committee a policy to set a required minimum percentage of the reimbursement for personal care services under the home and community-based services waivers that must be paid to the individual providing the direct service. Provides that, if the county fiscal body of Howard County makes certain findings, the Howard County fiscal body may adopt an ordinance that would impose the innkeeper's tax on a person engaged in the business of renting or furnishing rooms, lodgings, or accommodations located within an inn, a hotel, or a motel for a period of more than 30 days. (Current law limits the imposition of the innkeeper's tax to renting or furnishing rooms, lodgings, or accommodations for periods of less than 30 days.) Provides that an ordinance would not apply to existing rooms, lodgings, or accommodations that were not subject to the 30 day threshold prior to January 1, 2024. Provides that an ordinance may not become effective until after April 30, 2024, and must expire before July 1, 2025. Requires the county fiscal body, if an ordinance is adopted, to reduce the tax for any person subject to the innkeeper's tax from 8% (current law) to 6% until the ordinance expires. Allows the county fiscal body to return the tax rate to 8% after the ordinance expires. Reinstates a provision that was repealed in SEA 325-2023 (P.L.182-2023) that includes as a "homestead" property that is an individual's principal place of residence, is located in Indiana, and is owned by an entity, if the individual is a shareholder, partner, or member of the entity that owns the property. Amends a redevelopment commission provision defining "residential property" to apply to allocation areas established after June 30, 2025 (rather than June 30, 2024). Amends certain language in provisions in HEA 1199-2024. Makes amending changes to the Grant County local income tax special purpose rate added in HEA 1121-2024. Requires the state and local tax review task force to study several additional topics during the 2024 legislative interim. Makes technical corrections. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Local income taxes.. Description: Local income taxes. Extends the expiration of provisions concerning a county with a single voting bloc and the allocation of votes for a local income tax council. Specifies the amount of revenue from a local income tax rate imposed for correctional facilities and rehabilitation facilities in a county that may be used for operating expenses of those facilities. Allows a county fiscal body to adopt a local income tax rate for an acute care hospital located in the county to be used only for the operating expenses of the acute care hospital. Provides that, for the purpose of distributing the local income tax (LIT), if two or more school corporations or civil taxing units merge or consolidate to form a single school corporation or civil taxing unit, the school corporation or civil taxing unit is entitled to the combined pro rata distribution of the LIT revenue allocated to each applicable school corporation or civil taxing unit in existence on January 1 of the immediately preceding calendar year prior to the merger or consolidation. Provides that the department of local government finance shall make certain adjustments pertaining to the distribution of LIT for Floyd County in 2025, which provide that the Highlander Fire Protection District (district) shall receive an amount equal to the combined distribution that would have been distributed to the Greenville Fire Protection District (FPD) and the Lafayette Fire Protection District (FPD) in 2024, but for their elimination resulting from the merger to establish the district. Requires corresponding adjustments in 2025 to reduce the distribution for each applicable civil taxing unit and school corporation in Floyd County, excluding the district, by an amount that equals the proportionate share of the amount of LIT received in 2024 of the combined distribution that would have been distributed to the Greenville FPD and the Lafayette FPD in 2024, but for their elimination. Provides that funds accumulated from a Perry County special purpose tax rate to construct or improve the county jail after the redemption of bonds issued or final payment of lease rentals due under a lease shall be transferred to a county capital project fund to be used to finance capital projects within Perry County. (Current law specifies that such remaining funds are to be transferred to the county jail operations fund to be used for financing the maintenance and operations of the Perry County detention center.) Allows Grant County, under specified circumstances, to adopt an ordinance to impose a special purpose local income tax rate to fund and finance the construction of a county jail. Provides, for purposes of calculating distributions of the financial institutions tax to local taxing units, how to calculate distributions for a taxing unit that did not receive distributions in 2012 because the unit was subsequently established from the merger or consolidation of two or more taxing units that received distributions from the financial institutions tax fund in 2012. Provides, for purposes of calculating qualified distributions of the commercial motor vehicle excise tax to local taxing units, how to calculate base revenue distributions for a taxing unit that did not receive a base revenue distribution in 2001 because the taxing unit was subsequently established from the merger or consolidation of two or more taxing units that received base revenue distributions in 2001. Provides that, for purposes of determining the apportionment or distribution of the motor vehicle excise tax, that the county auditor may make adjustments to reflect the merger or consolidation of two or more taxing units. Authorizes Knox County to impose its innkeeper's tax at a rate of 8% (instead of 6% under current law). Provides that, if the tax rate is increased to more than 6%, the portion of the tax rate that exceeds 6% expires on December 31, 2045. Authorizes the city of Hammond to impose a food and beverage tax. Authorizes the town of Cicero to impose a food and beverage tax.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Kristina Box.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Kristina Box.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Underground facility protection.. Description: Underground facility protection. Amends the law governing demolitions and excavations in the area of underground facilities as follows: (1) Provides that for purposes of required notifications regarding excavation or demolition: (A) the time of receipt of a notice is the time as observed in Indianapolis ("prevailing time"); and (B) a "working day" is the period of time beginning at 7 a.m. and ending at 6 p.m. prevailing time. (2) Defines the "tolerance zone" of a physical plant for purposes of the clearance that must be maintained between the physical plant and an excavation or demolition. (3) Provides that the route or boundary of a proposed excavation or demolition may be marked by electronic means approved by the Indiana Underground Plant Protection Service (association). (4) Requires documentation of required actions through submission of electronic positive responses to the association. (5) Provides that: (A) notice of intent to conduct an excavation or demolition must be received by the association not more than 10 calendar days (rather than 20 calendar days, under current law) before the commencement of the work; and (B) a notice is considered received by the association at the prevailing time the association receives the notice from the person responsible for the excavation or demolition. (6) Provides that a notice of intent to conduct an excavation or demolition may specify a starting date and time of the excavation or demolition, which may not be later than 10 days after the time of the association's receipt of the notice, and that required notifications, communication, and marking with regard to the excavation or demolition must be completed not later than: (A) the starting date and time specified in the notice, if the notice specifies a starting date and time; or (B) 7 a.m. prevailing time on the next working day that follows the elapse of two full working days after the association's receipt of the notice; whichever is later. (7) Provides that a notice of intent to conduct an excavation or demolition expires at 11:59 p.m. prevailing time 20 days after the date the notice is submitted to the association. (8) Requires that the association develop and implement guidelines to provide notice to an operator regarding the association's receipt of a notice of intent of: (A) an excavation or demolition; or (B) preliminary engineering studies or construction planning activities; at the prevailing time the association receives the notice of intent. (9) Requires a person responsible for an emergency excavation or demolition to provide notice to the association in the manner prescribed by the association. (Under current law, notice of an emergency excavation or demolition must be provided orally.) Makes technical corrections.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Child advocacy centers.. Description: Child advocacy centers. Provides that the department of child services may use a child advocacy center to coordinate a multidisciplinary team for responding to reports involving child abuse or neglect. Requires the child advocacy center to: (1) coordinate a multidisciplinary team that consists of specified professionals; (2) ensure that the multidisciplinary team members have specified training; (3) provide a dedicated child-focused setting designed to provide a safe, comfortable, and neutral place for a forensic interview and other child advocacy center services; (4) use written protocols; (5) use a case tracking system to provide information on essential demographic and case information; and (6) verify that multidisciplinary team members responsible for providing medical evaluations and mental health services have specified training. Provides civil immunity for a child advocacy center's employees, volunteers, and board members under certain circumstances. Allows otherwise confidential information regarding an investigation of child abuse or neglect to be made available to a child advocacy center when the child advocacy center has before it an investigation of child abuse or neglect in which it is facilitating a forensic interview or facilitating a case discussion or case review.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Investigators employed by the attorney general.. Description: Investigators employed by the attorney general. Provides that the attorney general shall designate not more than four investigators employed within the state Medicaid fraud control unit to be law enforcement officers of the state. Provides that the attorney general shall designate not more than two investigators employed within the identity fraud unit to be law enforcement officers of the state. Provides that the investigators shall have all the powers and duties of law enforcement officers in conducting investigations or in serving any process, notice, or order connected with the duties of the respective units, regardless of whatever officer, authority, or court issued the process, notice, or order. Provides that the investigators are subject to certain confidentiality and disclosure requirements relating to criminal intelligence information and criminal history information. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Use of digitally altered media in elections.. Description: Use of digitally altered media in elections. Defines "fabricated media" as any of the following: (1) An audio or visual recording of an individual's speech, appearance, or conduct that has been altered without the individual's consent such that: (A) the media conveys a materially inaccurate depiction of the individual's speech, appearance, or conduct as recorded in the unaltered recording; and (B) a reasonable person would be unable to recognize that the recording has been altered. (2) An artificially generated audio or visual imitation of an individual that: (A) has been created without the individual's consent; (B) is sufficiently lifelike that a reasonable person would be unable to distinguish the speech or appearance of the imitation from the speech or appearance of the individual; and (C) is used to convey a fictional depiction of the individual's speech, appearance, or conduct. (3) Audio or visual media depicting the speech, appearance, or conduct of an artificially generated person, the appearance or speech of which is not a recognizable imitation of an identifiable individual. Requires certain election campaign communications that contain fabricated media to include a disclaimer. Allows a candidate depicted in fabricated media that does not include a required disclaimer to bring a civil action against specified persons.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Cosmetology apprenticeships.. Description: Cosmetology apprenticeships. Provides that an individual who completes a United States Department of Labor registered apprenticeship program to practice cosmetology may take the cosmetologist licensure examination and, upon passage of the examination, practice as a cosmetologist.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Release for religious instruction.. Description: Release for religious instruction. Requires a principal to allow a student to attend religious instruction conducted by certain entities following the principal's receipt of written notice from the student's parent.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Professional licensing matters.. Description: Professional licensing matters. Removes references to a quality review in provisions relating to the licensing of accountants. Requires the Indiana board of accountancy (board) to adopt rules requiring the firm to allow the administering entity to provide access to the results of its most recently accepted peer review and other objective information to the board. Removes language requiring the administering entity to make a peer review report available to the oversight committee not more than 30 days after the issuance of the peer review report. Provides that the results of a peer review may be treated as a complaint submitted by the board. Removes language requiring the peer review committee issuing a report to cooperate with an investigation of a complaint. Allows the use of certain titles by an individual who is enrolled in or has graduated from a school or college of architecture or an accredited curriculum of landscape architecture. Specifies that the renewal of a professional geologist license after June 30, 2025, requires continuing education. Allows certain individuals to take various licensing examinations early if certain conditions are met. Increases the number of clinical or supervised hours certain individuals may obtain through virtual supervision.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Hoosier first responder medal of honor.. Description: Hoosier first responder medal of honor. Establishes the Hoosier first responder medal of honor (medal). Provides that the department of homeland security (department) may determine an Indiana first responder is eligible for the Hoosier first responder medal of honor if the Indiana first responder distinguishes themselves conspicuously by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of the Indiana first responder's life above and beyond the call of duty while engaged in an act of public service. Provides that, upon approval of a nomination by the department, the department shall notify the entity employing the Indiana first responder or for which the Indiana first responder volunteers of the nomination. Provides that the entity shall notify a member of the general assembly who represents the district in which the entity is located of the Indiana first responder's nomination. Provides that the member of the general assembly shall recommend the Indiana first responder for the medal to the governor. Provides that, if the department determines that an Indiana first responder nominated to the department does not meet the eligibility requirements to receive the medal, the department may make recommendations to the entity that employs the Indiana first responder or for which the Indiana first responder volunteers of other forms of recognition for the Indiana first responder. Provides that the governor may award the medal to the Indiana first responder or the Indiana first responder's next of kin at a public ceremony.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Disposal of firearms via trade for new equipment.. Description: Disposal of firearms via trade for new equipment. Permits a law enforcement agency to dispose of certain confiscated firearms by trade with a licensed firearms dealer, a licensed firearm manufacturer, or another law enforcement agency in exchange for new firearms and other law enforcement equipment. Sets forth the recording and reporting requirements for the trade of firearms by a law enforcement agency.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Report on Medicaid behavior analysis services.. Description: Report on Medicaid behavior analysis services. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to prepare and submit a report to specified entities concerning data on the provision of applied behavior analysis services in the Medicaid program.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: County contracts.. Description: County contracts. Provides that for counties other than Marion County, contracts entered into by the county (including contracts executed by county elected officers) must meet certain requirements. Allows the county executive to adopt an ordinance that delegates authority to other county elected officers and employees to approve contracts. Requires county elected officers to have certain contracts: (1) executed by the county executive; or (2) submitted for review by the county attorney and county executive. Provides that if the county attorney advises the county executive that a contract of a county elected officer does not comply with state law or the public purchasing or bidding laws, the county executive may disapprove the contract. Allows the county executive to void a contract if a county officer fails to comply with the review process.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Civil proceeding advance payment contracts and commercial litigation financing.. Description: Civil proceeding advance payment contracts and commercial litigation financing. Prevents a CPAP provider from making any decision, having any influence, or directing the consumer claimant or the consumer claimant's attorney with respect to the conduct of the underlying civil proceeding. Provides that a commercial litigation financier may not provide funding to a commercial litigation financing agreement that is financed by a foreign entity of concern. Prevents a party from sharing information subject to a court order to seal or protect that is received in the course of the civil proceeding with a commercial litigation financier. Provides that a commercial litigation financier may not make any decision, have any influence, or direct the plaintiff with respect to the underlying civil proceeding. Specifies that a commercial litigation financing agreement is subject to discovery. Requires the plaintiff or the plaintiff's attorney to provide written notice of a commercial litigation financing agreement if the agreement is directly or indirectly financed by a foreign person.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Bureau of motor vehicles.. Description: Bureau of motor vehicles. Makes a technical correction regarding the calculation of a county's allocation from the motor vehicle highway account fund. Provides that a commercial driver's license and a commercial learner's permit may be issued as a mobile credential. Repeals language allowing the bureau of motor vehicles (bureau) to issue a driver's license or identification card to a person granted parole. Adds a wearable device that blocks, in whole or in part, the field of vision of the person wearing the device to the definition of a "telecommunications device". Clarifies that only handheld telecommunications devices may be used in conjunction with hands free or voice operated technology while operating a motor vehicle. Requires the bureau to state on each of its forms the law or rule making the form necessary. Prohibits the bureau from requiring a person to appear in person for the renewal of a registration for a collector vehicle, a historic vehicle license plate, or an authentic license plate from the model year of a collector vehicle. Allows an individual who is at least 18 years of age and holds a valid commercial driver's license to be issued a hazardous materials endorsement. Amends provisions regarding proof of a veteran's discharge from the armed forces or its reserves or the national guard. Changes the number of commercial vehicles that must be owned for the state department of revenue to issue a license plate for each commercial vehicle from 25 to five. Amends provisions requiring the bureau to provide notice to allow the bureau to provide notice electronically when the individual has indicated a preference for receiving electronic notices from the bureau. Provides that a driver's license or identification card expires upon the bureau receiving notice of the death of the holder. Allows an individual to electronically apply for the individual's driver's license or learner's permit to be converted into an identification card. Provides that the owner, lessor, or operator of a commercial motor vehicle or a person who leases or rents a commercial motor vehicle to another person is not civilly liable for a tort claim based on the failure to install optional equipment on a commercial motor vehicle unless certain circumstances exist. Deletes provisions allowing the bureau to suspend or revoke the registration of an individual convicted of certain crimes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Certificates of public convenience and necessity.. Description: Certificates of public convenience and necessity. Provides that: (1) a rural electric membership corporation (REMC); (2) a nonprofit corporation that is an electric cooperative and that has at least one member that is an REMC; and (3) certain corporations resulting from a merger or consolidation of an REMC and a telephone cooperative corporation; are exempt from the requirement that a public utility obtain a certificate of public convenience and necessity before beginning the construction, purchase, or lease of certain facilities to be used for furnishing public utility service.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: State educational institutions.. Description: State educational institutions. Requires a state educational institution (institution) to disclose certain foreign gifts and contracts received or entered into after December 31, 2020. Requires the commission to establish and maintain a website for accessing information about disclosed gifts and contracts. Authorizes the commission to provide for an audit of an institution's use of a disclosed gift, or the proceeds of a disclosed contract, received or entered into after June 30, 2021, and before July 1, 2024. Authorizes the attorney general to bring a cause of action to enforce the disclosure statute. Requires the board of trustees of an institution to adopt a policy prohibiting the transfer, licensing, or sublicensing of intellectual property developed using the institution's resources to: (1) a business entity organized under the laws of a foreign adversary; (2) a business entity headquartered in a foreign adversary; or (3) a business entity or other entity, including a governmental entity, that is owned or controlled by citizens of, or is directly controlled by the government of, a foreign adversary. Requires the board of trustees of each institution to adopt a policy prohibiting an employee or contractor of the institution from making a public statement in the employee's or contractor's official capacity unless the statement: (1) relates to the operation of the institution, or to an institution sponsored event; or (2) has been approved by the board of trustees. Prohibits an institution from using state funds or resources to: (1) engage or contract with an individual associated with a foreign terrorist organization or a state sponsor of terror; or (2) support the activities of a foreign terrorist organization or a state sponsor of terror.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Horticultural matters.. Description: Horticultural matters. Provides that the state seed commissioner shall use certain federal agricultural seed and vegetable seed standards as the state germination standards and requirements for agricultural seeds and vegetable seeds. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Regulation of controlled substances.. Description: Regulation of controlled substances. Relocates requirements that the board of pharmacy must comply with when adopting interim rules declaring a substance a synthetic drug from the professional licensing law to the statutes governing administrative rulemaking. Makes certain changes to the lists of controlled substances.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Foreign ownership of land.. Description: Foreign ownership of land. Provides that, beginning July 1, 2024, a prohibited person may not purchase, lease, or acquire a parcel of real property that is: (1) located in Indiana; and (2) located within a 10 mile radius of a military installation; with certain exceptions. Provides that, beginning July 1, 2024, a prohibited person may not acquire or lease agricultural land or a mineral right or water or riparian right on agricultural land located in Indiana. Provides certain enforcement powers to the attorney general for a transfer of land in violation of the law.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Special service review team and emergency placement.. Description: Special service review team and emergency placement. Establishes the special service review team to review denied applications and applications for which a determination has not been made for the community integration and habilitation waiver. Limits the geographical area of review. Establishes reporting requirements. Requires the division of disability and rehabilitative services to obtain consent from a waiver applicant in order to share the application and information accompanying the application with the review team. Provides immunity for an employee who obtains consent and provides the information in good faith. Provides that the review team expires December 31, 2026. Makes changes to the situations in which an emergency placement priority may be provided for individuals under a Medicaid waiver.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: State administration.. Description: State administration. Changes the name of the northwest Indiana law enforcement academy and the northwest Indiana law enforcement training center. Removes the research and information consortium from the composition of the Indiana criminal justice institute (institute). Provides that the board of trustees of the institute shall designate four subcommittees. Provides for the continued existence of the institute's division of victim services. Provides that the board of trustees for the criminal justice institute must approve certain official actions. Repeals a provision concerning certain joint applications for a particular federal grant. Allows the institute to refer a matter to the inspector general. Changes requirements for a state entity purchasing or leasing a vehicle. Allows for advances of certain grant funds administered by the institute to be awarded before July 1, 2025. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Alcohol and tobacco commission.. Description: Alcohol and tobacco commission. Allows the alcohol and tobacco commission (commission) to provide notices electronically. Allows the commission to issue 10 new three-way permits to the city of Noblesville, allowing the issuance of: (1) three new three-way permits in 2024; (2) three new three-way permits in 2025; and (3) four new three-way permits in 2026; with any permits not issued in a year allowed to be issued in a subsequent year. Allows the commission to issue two new three-way permits to the city of Delphi. Amends certain provisions regarding the sale of alcoholic beverages from a bar of a restaurant for on-premises consumption. Allows a designated smoking area on the outside patio or terrace of a hotel if: (1) the designated smoking area is delineated from the rest of the outside patio or terrace by a barrier that is at least 18 inches in height; (2) the designated smoking area is located at least 20 feet from any entrance to the hotel; and (3) individuals less than 21 years of age are not allowed in the designated smoking area. Repeals provisions related to beer gardens and patio alcohol service for certain premises. Exempts a food hall that: (1) contains not less than 10 distinct nonaffiliated food and beverage vendors; and (2) is located within a mixed use development or redevelopment project with a total investment of at least $100,000,000; from certain requirements that apply to the issuance of a food hall master permit. Repeals a provision concerning residency requirements for beer wholesalers. Removes the requirement that a property tax clearance form provided to the alcohol and tobacco commission include an embossed seal from the county treasurer. Includes a craft manufacturer in the definition of a host permittee for purposes of a temporary craft manufacturer hospitality permit. Modifies the definition of "designated permittee" in relation to a designated refreshment area. Replaces references to the federal bureau of alcohol, tobacco, and explosives with the federal Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau or its successor agency.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Economic enhancement district.. Description: Economic enhancement district. Requires the legislative body to provide notice and conduct a public hearing before a proposed economic enhancement district may be established. Amends the definition of "economic enhancement project". Amends the required contents of an ordinance to establish an economic enhancement district. Increases the number of members of an economic enhancement board from eight to nine and amends the composition of the board. Requires an economic enhancement district to expire not later than 10 years from the date of the adoption of an ordinance. Repeals a provision that allows an economic enhancement district to be extended. Requires that an ordinance establishing an economic enhancement district must be adopted on or before December 31, 2024. Provides that if the legislative body of a city has adopted an ordinance to establish an economic enhancement district before the effective date of this bill, that ordinance shall be void, but may be revised and reenacted by the legislative body by the adoption of a new ordinance, which must comply with the provisions added in the bill. Makes a technical correction.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Military and veteran issues.. Description: Military and veteran issues. Increases the maximum amount for a grant from the military family relief fund from $2,500 to $3,500. Provides that beginning July 1, 2025, and each July 1 thereafter, the maximum amount of a grant will be annually increased by an amount approved by the Indiana veterans' affairs commission not to exceed the current annual cost of living adjustment determined by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Expands the eligibility requirements for admission to the Indiana Veterans' Home. Adds a definition of an "eligible person" for purposes of administering grants for veteran services (GVS). Provides that a qualified entity may receive a GVS to provide certain services to support an eligible person. Updates references throughout the Indiana Code relating to the armed forces of the United States or uniformed services to include the United States Space Force. Makes technical changes to various references relating to the components of the armed forces of the United States. Provides that the governing body of a school corporation, the organizer of a charter school, or the chief administrative officer of a nonpublic school system shall authorize the absence and excuse of each secondary school student who is ordered to active duty with the armed forces of the United States, including their reserve components or the Indiana National Guard for at least 15 days in a school year. (Current law provides that a governing body of a school corporation or the chief administrative officer of a nonpublic school system shall authorize the absence and excuse of each secondary school student who is ordered to active duty with the Indiana National Guard for not more than 10 days in a school year.)
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Xylazine.. Description: Xylazine. Makes possession of xylazine a Class A misdemeanor, and increases the penalty to a Level 6 felony if the person has a prior xylazine related conviction. Makes dealing in xylazine a Level 5 felony, and increases the penalty to a Level 4 felony if the person has a prior xylazine related conviction. Exempts certain persons using, distributing, or manufacturing xylazine for veterinary purposes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Prohibited causes of action concerning firearms.. Description: Prohibited causes of action concerning firearms. Provides that only the state of Indiana may bring or maintain an action by or on behalf of a political subdivision against a firearm or ammunition manufacturer, trade association, seller, or dealer, concerning certain matters. Prohibits a political subdivision from otherwise independently bringing or maintaining such an action. Specifies exceptions.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Publication of public notices.. Description: Publication of public notices. Allows a political subdivision to publish notice in the print or electronic edition of a newspaper or locality newspaper that issues a print edition not more than three times a week. Allows, if a newspaper or locality newspaper issues a print edition not more than two times a week, a political subdivision to publish notice: (1) in the print edition or on the newspaper or locality newspaper's website; or (2) if the newspaper or locality newspaper does not have a website, in the print edition or the political subdivision's official website. Allows a notice regarding the sale of certain tracts of real property by a political subdivision to be published solely on the official website of the political subdivision. Provides that if the assessed value of a tract is less than $10,000, based on the most recent assessment of the tract or of the tract of which it was a part before it was acquired, the disposing agent or redevelopment commission is not required to have the tract appraised.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Mental health standards and reporting.. Description: Mental health standards and reporting. Requires the secretary of family and social services to provide that the standards for services provided by recovery community organizations for behavioral health recovery, when used as a recovery community organization, be certified through a certain entity and meet other standards established by the division of mental health and addiction. Specifies information that must be reported by a community mental health center as part of the community mental health center's annual report.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Voting by small water and wastewater utilities.. Description: Voting by small water and wastewater utilities. Amends as follows the statute setting forth the procedures by which certain small water or wastewater utilities may withdraw from and return to the jurisdiction of the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC): (1) Specifies that a sewage disposal company that is subject to the jurisdiction of the IURC for having been issued more than one enforcement order from the department of environmental management (department) may not seek to withdraw from the IURC's jurisdiction during the rate regulation period prescribed in the statute setting forth various requirements with respect to wastewater utilities that have been issued one or more enforcement orders by the department. (2) Authorizes a member or shareholder of the utility to cast a vote by secret absentee ballot on the question of the IURC's jurisdiction over the utility. (3) Provides that notice of the meeting on the question of the IURC's jurisdiction over the utility must be sent not less than 45 days (instead of 30 days, under current law) before the meeting and must include: (A) instructions regarding how a member or shareholder who wishes to cast a vote by absentee ballot may request an absentee ballot; (B) a statement that a request for an absentee ballot precludes a member or shareholder from voting in person at the meeting held on the question of withdrawal from the IURC's jurisdiction; (C) instructions for returning or delivering an absentee ballot; and (D) the deadline for returning an absentee ballot, which must be: (i) not earlier than 10 calendar days; and (ii) not later than five calendar days; before the meeting on the question, along with information as to when an absentee ballot will be considered received by the board. (4) Provides that the 5% quorum required for members or shareholders to transact business and to take official action regarding the question of the IURC's jurisdiction over the utility includes votes cast by absentee ballot. (5) Provides that if: (A) a utility successfully withdraws from the IURC's jurisdiction; (B) after the withdrawal, a referendum is held on the question of the utility returning to the IURC's jurisdiction; and (C) less than a majority of the votes cast are in favor of returning to the IURC's jurisdiction; another referendum on the question of returning to the IURC's jurisdiction may not be conducted for two years (instead of four years, under current law) following the date of the meeting at which the vote is conducted. (6) Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Rule against perpetuities.. Description: Rule against perpetuities. Adds provisions regarding a second power of appointment. Extends the period of time for which certain nonvested property interests are valid from 90 years to 360 years after the interest is created. Extends the period of time for which certain powers of appointment are valid under specified conditions from 90 years to 360 years. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Dental matters.. Description: Dental matters. Establishes the dentist and dental hygienist compact (compact). Provides the requirements states must follow in order to participate in the compact. Provides that dentists and dental hygienists may practice in participating states so long as the dentists and dental hygienists meet certain criteria. Provides that active military members and their spouses should pay reduced or no fees in order to practice in participating states. Establishes a governing commission and sets out its powers, duties, financing, and liability. Provides various mechanisms for the participating states and the governing commission to regulate the interstate practice of dentists and dental hygienists. Provides for various contingencies, including the process to effect, amend, enforce, withdraw from, or terminate the compact. Makes technical corrections. Removes certain language regarding the regulation of dentists.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Medicaid reimbursement for certain detainees.. Description: Medicaid reimbursement for certain detainees. Removes provisions in current law specifying that services provided to an individual while the individual is committed to a facility for mental health services are medically necessary when provided in accordance with generally accepted clinical care guidelines. Requires Medicaid reimbursement for Medicaid covered services provided to a Medicaid recipient while the individual is detained to a facility for mental health services. Sunsets this provision on June 30, 2025. Requires, on or before February 1, 2025, the office of the secretary of family and social services to report to the budget committee certain information for Medicaid claims data ranging from July 1, 2024, to December 31, 2024. Amends the requirements for an application for detention.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Residential real estate service agreements.. Description: Residential real estate service agreements. Defines a "residential real estate service agreement" as an agreement: (1) under which a service provider agrees to provide one or more services: (A) in connection with the maintenance, purchase, or sale of residential real estate; and (B) that are not to be performed in their entirety within one year after the agreement is entered into; and (2) that: (A) purports to run with the land or to be binding on future owners; (B) allows for the assignment of the right to provide one or more of the services under the agreement without the consent of the owner of the residential real estate; or (C) purports to create a lien or an encumbrance on, or a security interest in, the residential real estate. Provides that a residential real estate service agreement that is entered into after March 14, 2024, is void and unenforceable. Prohibits a person from recording after March 14, 2024, a residential real estate service agreement in Indiana, regardless of when the residential real estate service agreement is entered into. Provides that a county recorder, or an employee of a county recorder, who records a residential real estate service agreement that is presented to the county recorder's office for recording is not civilly liable under the bill's provisions, regardless of when the recording occurs. Provides that if a residential real estate service agreement (agreement) is recorded in Indiana after March 14, 2024, any person with an interest in the residential real estate that is the subject of the agreement may: (1) apply to a court in the county in which the agreement is recorded for a declaratory judgment declaring the agreement unenforceable; and (2) recover the person's actual damages against any service provider that: (A) is a party to the agreement; and (B) recorded, or caused to be recorded, the agreement. Provides that a service provider that: (1) enters into a residential real estate service agreement with any person; or (2) records, or causes to be recorded, a residential real estate service agreement in Indiana; after March 14, 2024, commits a deceptive act that is subject to the remedies and penalties under the deceptive consumer sales act (act), including an action by the attorney general under the act. Provides that the bill's provisions do not apply to: (1) a residential real estate service agreement entered into before March 15, 2024 (except as otherwise provided in the bill); or (2) certain specified products, contracts, rights, agreements, services, or liens.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Service of safety orders and penalty assessments.. Description: Service of safety orders and penalty assessments. Permits the commissioner of labor or the commissioner's representative to serve safety orders or penalty assessments by electronic mail. Expands where the commissioner of labor or the commissioner's representative may serve physical copies of safety orders or penalty assessments.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Robotics competition program.. Description: Robotics competition program. Amends the robotics competition program (program) definition of "allowable expenses" to allow a robotics competition team to use grant funds on expenses associated with a robotics competition. (Current law allows expenditures for expenses associated with attendance at a robotics competition.) Amends the program definition of "eligible school" to include a nonpublic school accredited by a national or regional accreditation agency that is recognized by the state board of education. Amends the program definition of "eligible team" to include a community based robotics competition team. Requires the department of education (department) to consider the number of participants when developing a guideline to award grants. Requires the department to award grants for each school year not later than August 1 of the applicable school year. Specifies that the program and any participation by a team mentor and team coach in the program is not subject to collective bargaining.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Competency evaluation.. Description: Competency evaluation. Requires the division of mental health and addiction to establish a training program to certify a competency evaluator to assist a court in determining competency. Provides that certain licensed individuals may examine a defendant and testify as to whether the defendant can understand the criminal proceedings and assist in the preparation of the defendant's defense. Allows a court to dismiss criminal charges, without prejudice if the defendant has a certain diagnosis and the defendant is charged with a misdemeanor or Level 6 felony.  Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Criminal law issues.. Description: Criminal law issues. Makes numerous changes to the criminal law, including: (1) changing references from "county prosecuting attorney" to "prosecuting attorney"; (2) specifying the membership of county school safety commissions; (3) removing and replacing the organized theft statute; (4) increasing the penalty for fraud and battery under certain circumstances; and (5) defining "abusive head trauma" and permitting it to be used as an aggravating circumstance. Makes unlawful carrying of a handgun by a child a waivable offense.  Specifies that "telephone sales call" includes certain types of electronically transmitted information.  Makes certain other changes for consistency.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Excess liability trust fund.. Description: Excess liability trust fund. Allows the department of environmental management (IDEM) to pay an excess liability trust fund claim to replace an underground petroleum storage tank being decommissioned and replaced with an underground or aboveground petroleum storage tank. Provides that remaining funds that have not been allocated at the end of the fiscal year shall roll over to the next year and be used to decommission and replace underground petroleum storage tanks.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Makes various changes to the education law concerning the following: (1) Indiana diploma requirements and designations and satisfying certain course requirements by obtaining a diploma. (2) The criteria to receive a waiver from postsecondary readiness competency requirements. (3) The minimum number of alternate diplomas that may be counted in determining a school's or school corporation's graduation rate. (4) Use of the terms "statewide assessment program" and "statewide summative assessment". (5) The responsibilities of the state advisory council on the education of children with disabilities. (6) The criteria an individual must meet to participate in the Indiana high school equivalency diploma program. Establishes notice and posting requirements regarding school corporations that fail to meet: (1) certain expenditure requirements regarding full-time teacher salaries; or (2) the percentage of state tuition support that must be expended on teacher compensation. Provides that the amount a school corporation expends on teacher compensation shall also include amounts the school corporation expends on certain dropout recovery education services. Provides that state tuition support for certain virtual students is not included in determining the amount a school corporation expends on teacher compensation. Requires the following: (1) Each public high school to offer, after June 30, 2028, at least once each school year at least one computer science course as a separate subject in the public high school's curriculum. (2) The department of education (department), in revising and updating academic standards, to consider integrating: (A) computer science; and (B) data literacy and data science; standards into a subject area being revised. (3) Beginning with the cohort of students who are expected to graduate from a public school or a state accredited nonpublic school in 2029, a student to successfully complete instruction on computer science as a separate subject before the student may graduate. (4) Each public school to participate in an annual statewide survey concerning school fees charged to students or parents to be eligible to receive a distribution from the curricular materials fund. (5) The department to develop proposals to align diploma waiver statutes with new diploma requirements. (6) Charter schools to post certain information. Provides that the state board of education (state board) may allow a computer science course to satisfy one or more diploma course requirements. Removes provisions regarding the application and waiver of requirements concerning: (1) certain expenditure requirements regarding full-time teacher salaries; and (2) the percentage of state tuition support that must be used for teacher compensation. Removes provisions that have expired concerning high school graduation requirements and graduation waivers. Removes language concerning the disqualification of certain students for state scholarships, grants, or assistance administered by the commission for higher education and provides that a student may not receive or use any state scholarships, grants, or assistance administered by the commission for certain noncredit-bearing, nondegree seeking courses. Amends the expiration date for the high school equivalency pilot program to June 30, 2026. (The current expiration date is June 30, 2024.) Allows school corporations to provide certain notices regarding expulsion meetings by electronic mail. Provides each school corporation, charter school, and state accredited nonpublic school shall include in its curriculum for students enrolled in grade 8, 9, 10, 11, or 12 (instead of all high school students) instruction concerning personal financial responsibility. Provides that a literacy achievement grant is not subject to collective bargaining. Provides that a school corporation may include instruction regarding Internet safety in the school corporation's curriculum. Requires the department to approve previously developed age appropriate curricula concerning Internet safety not later than July 1, 2025. Requires the office of management and budget to establish a kindergarten through grade 12 data governance team. Establishes the duties of the data governance team, including the submission of a report to the legislative council. Requires, not later than July 1, 2024, the department to: (1) establish an online, self-paced professional development module with regard to mathematics; (2) develop math descriptions correlated to proficiency level descriptors to track proficiency at the student level; (3) create and identify dedicated math resources to assist with intervention and enrichment opportunities and instructional strategies; and (4) post the resources on the department's website. Requires, not later than December 1, 2024, the department to submit a plan to the legislative council that includes: (1) strategies for the early identification of students who are at risk of not meeting grade level proficiency in mathematics; and (2) recommendations for high quality intervention policies for mathematics. Defines "literacy coach" and requires literacy coaches to prioritize certain duties. Provides for the availability of certain grants for literacy coaches. Establishes certain restrictions and requirements regarding visiting teacher licenses. Requires the department and the commission for higher education, in conjunction with the state board, to partner with teacher preparation programs to receive an outside evaluation of teacher preparation reading instruction programs. Requires the department to develop guidelines regarding the use of curriculum or content that prepares elementary school teacher candidates in math instruction. Provides that a student's latest statewide assessment program test results are included on the student's transcript upon request of the student. Provides that successful completion of an International Baccalaureate diploma program course (course) shall count for high school credit. Provides that any rule adopted by the state board or the department concerning certain diplomas must provide that successful completion of a course is credited toward fulfilling the requirements of certain diplomas. Provides that high school students who have taken a course examination and received a score of four or higher on the examination are entitled to postsecondary academic credit at state educational institutions under certain conditions. Amends the requirements to receive a literacy endorsement. Requires the governing body of each school corporation to have a policy regarding the participation of habitually truant students in extracurricular and co-curricular activities.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Mr. Richard Morrisroe.. Description: Recognizing and honoring Mr. Richard Morrisroe.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Food regulation.. Description: Food regulation. For provisions governing home based food products, repeals the term "potentially hazardous food product" and defines "time temperature control for safety food". Requires a local health department to: (1) issue a mobile retail food establishment permit and inspect a mobile retail food establishment in accordance with administrative rules adopted by the Indiana department of health (state department); and (2) establish an annual permit fee not to exceed $200. Requires a local health department, not later than January 1, 2025, to begin: (1) receiving applications for mobile retail food establishments; (2) collecting annual permit fees; (3) issuing mobile retail food establishment permits; and (4) conducting inspections of mobile retail food establishments. Prohibits, beginning January 1, 2025, a person from operating a mobile retail food establishment without a mobile retail food establishment permit from the local health department. Provides that a local health department may not adopt standards concerning mobile retail food establishments that are more stringent than the rules adopted by the state department.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Health care matters.. Description: Health care matters. Establishes the therapeutic psilocybin research fund, administered by the division of mental health and addiction, to provide financial assistance to research institutions in Indiana to study the use of psilocybin to treat mental health and other medical conditions. Sets forth clinical study requirements. Requires a research institution that receives a grant to conduct a clinical study to prepare and submit a report to the interim study committee on public health, behavioral health, and human services, the Indiana department of health, and the division of mental health and addiction. Allows, rather than requires, the Indiana department of health to grant an extension to the hospital for the filing of certain reports. Removes the requirement that a clinical preceptor must have at least 18 months of experience as a licensed nurse. Allows the majority of nursing program faculty to be part-time employees of an approved postsecondary educational institution or a hospital that conducts the nursing program. Allows the holder of a student permit issued by the respiratory care committee to perform certain respiratory care procedures on certain child patients. Provides that an individual who previously was employed to provide supervised surgical assistance in a health care facility may provide surgical assistance in a health care facility. Requires a contract with a third party administrator, pharmacy benefit manager, or prepaid health care delivery plan to provide that the plan sponsor has ownership of the claims data. Allows a contract holder to request an audit of a pharmacy benefit manager one time per calendar year and not earlier than six months after a previously requested audit. Allows a plan sponsor that contracts with a third party administrator, the office of the secretary of family and social services that contracts with a managed care organization to provide services to a Medicaid recipient, or the state personnel department that contracts with a prepaid health care delivery plan to provide group health coverage for state employees to request an audit one time in a calendar year and not earlier than six months after a previously requested audit.  Sets forth requirements concerning an audit. Voids a provision in the Indiana Administrative Code relating to physician referrals for acupuncture services.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Indiana department of health.. Description: Indiana department of health. Specifies that provisions of law governing the office of administrative law proceedings apply to the Indiana department of health (state department) in matters concerning the involuntary transfer or discharge of a resident of a health facility. Requires the fee amount for a service provided by the state health laboratory to be based on the federal Medicare reimbursement rate for the service or if the service does not have a Medicare reimbursement rate, the Medicaid reimbursement rate. Amends the list of crimes or acts that preclude a home health aide, nurse aide, or other unlicensed employee from employment at a home health agency and certain health care facilities. Requires the state department to: (1) investigate any report that a nurse aide or home health aide has been convicted of a certain crime; and (2) after an administrative hearing, remove the individual from the state nurse aide registry. Makes it a Class A infraction for a person convicted of a certain crime to knowingly or intentionally apply for a job as a home health aide or other unlicensed employee at a home health agency or certain health care facilities. For provisions concerning the women, infants, and children nutrition program (WIC program), defines "WIC vendor agreement" and requires the state department to include in a WIC vendor agreement a list of sanctions for failing to comply with the agreement. Requires the state department to: (1) select WIC program vendors based on selection criteria set forth in federal regulations; (2) review the selection criteria annually; (3) include the selection criteria in the WIC state plan; and (4) publish the selection criteria on the state department's website. Includes reporting to local child fatality review teams, the statewide
child fatality review committee, local fetal-infant mortality review teams, and suicide and overdose fatality review teams for the release of mental health records without the consent of the patient. For provisions governing home based food products, repeals the term "potentially hazardous food product" and defines "time temperature control for safety food". Adds the state health commissioner or the commissioner's designee as a member of the rare disease advisory council (council). Adjusts the number of council members required to establish a quorum. Amends the membership of the statewide child fatality review committee. Repeals the expiration of the maternal mortality review laws.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Election security.. Description: Election security. Provides that a political subdivision that conducts or administers an election may not join the membership of, or participate in a program offered by, a person who has directly financed certain elections activities. Specifies proof of residency requirements that apply to certain individuals who register to vote in person at a registration agency. Requires the statewide voter registration system (SVRS) to contain a feature that identifies voter registrations that list a potential nonresidential address. Specifies a process that a county voter registration official must follow if this feature identifies a voter registration that lists a potential nonresidential address. Allows the secretary of state to contract with a company to receive commercially available data. Requires the National Voter Registration Act (NVRA) official or a contractor to use this information to identify a voter whose residence may have changed. Requires the election division to compare residential addresses received from agencies to the residential addresses in the SVRS. Requires the NVRA official to compare the SVRS with the bureau of motor vehicles list of temporary credentials. Specifies a process that must be followed if evidence exists that a registered voter is not a citizen of the United States. Requires the state to provide to each county voter registration office information concerning a voter who is disqualified or potentially disqualified as a prospective juror from jury service because the voter is not a United States citizen. Specifies the actions a county voter registration office must take concerning certain juror information.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various elections matters.. Description: Various elections matters. Defines "candidate" for the purpose of provisions concerning early and late candidate vacancies. Modifies the definition of "chute". Defines "scantron" and provides that a scantron complies with certain absentee ballot endorsement requirements if it is endorsed with the initials of certain individuals. Allows a circuit court clerk, voter registration official, or county election board to make certain filings by fax or electronic mail. Extends the: (1) expiration date of a provision concerning local redistricting; and (2) deadline for a redistricting authority to take specified actions. Requires the county election board of a county that is not designated as a vote center county to establish a plan that specifies the method and timing of providing absentee reports to persons who are entitled to receive the reports. Specifies that a nondiscriminatory uniform policy concerning certain voter registration information must apply to all records maintained in the computerized list, including election administration records and absentee activity reports. Requires the NVRA official to conduct, at least once each calendar year, a review and identification of particular voter registration records. Specifies that a provision concerning the delivery, retention, confidentiality, and disposal of election materials does not prohibit county election officials from performing a duty under statutes concerning provisional voting. Exempts a political party office on a primary ballot from the ballot arrangement requirement that all candidates for the same office appear on the same page or screen. Permits certain persons credentialed by the Indiana protection and advocacy services commission to be in the polls during an election. Allows a county election board that adopted a resolution for a primary election allowing absentee voting at satellite offices to amend the resolution, by unanimous vote, to modify, for the subsequent general or municipal election, the locations and hours of the satellite offices. Requires each member of an absentee voter board to sign and print the member's name on a voter's affidavit after the voter has signed and dated the affidavit. Allows a vote center plan amendment to be filed with the election division by fax or electronic mail. Modifies provisions applicable to the notice that must be sent to a voter when a signature mismatch has occurred. Allows a voter to deliver a signature verification affidavit signed by the voter to an absentee voter board at a circuit court clerk's office or satellite location during the period of early voting. Provides that the county election board or board of elections and registration shall not reject an absentee ballot with a missing security envelope signature in certain circumstances if the voter delivers an affidavit of unsigned ballot that is signed by the voter to an absentee voter board at a circuit court clerk's office or satellite location during the period of early voting. Specifies certain employment provisions that apply when a county election board appoints a member of an absentee voter board, absentee ballot counter team, or courier team. Specifies the deadline that applies to fill certain candidate vacancies when the vacancy is due to the successful challenge of a candidate in a judicial proceeding. Prohibits the appointment of a particular person to fill a vacancy by a political party that differs from the party with which the person affiliated when the person was defeated in a primary election or a town or state convention. Specifies the circumstances that create a late candidate vacancy. Extends certain early candidate vacancy provisions to apply to late candidate vacancies. Requires that action to fill a late candidate vacancy be taken not later than 6 a.m. on election day. Modifies a provision concerning the delivery and retention of affidavits. Permits the bureau of motor vehicles to disclose certain identifying information for voter registration and election purposes under certain laws. Prescribes the ballot language for the proposed constitutional amendment that would remove the state superintendent of public instruction from the line of succession to the governor. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Indiana semiquincentennial license plate.. Description: Indiana semiquincentennial license plate. Provides for a semiquincentennial license plate. Establishes the semiquincentennial trust fund.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Notice of a public hearing or meeting.. Description: Notice of a public hearing or meeting. Provides that the commissioner of the department of environmental management (department) may, not later than 10 days after the last day of a public comment period, decide to hold a public hearing or meeting before the issuance or denial of a permit. Requires the department to provide notice if a public hearing or meeting will be held.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: State administration of federal BEAD program.. Description: State administration of federal BEAD program. Specifies that the existing Indiana statute concerning the awarding of grants by the office of community and rural affairs for certain eligible broadband projects does not apply to subgrants awarded by the Indiana broadband office (office) under the federal Broadband Equity, Access, and Deployment (BEAD) Program (program). Establishes a new Indiana Code chapter governing the administration of the program by the office. Requires the office to administer the program in Indiana in compliance with all mandatory provisions set forth in: (1) the federal Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (Act); and (2) the BEAD Notice of Funding Opportunity (BEAD NOFO); with respect to the program. Provides that before awarding a subgrant to an eligible broadband service provider during any round of funding under the program, the office shall submit to the budget committee for review the proposed amount and terms of the subgrant. Provides that in awarding subgrants for the deployment of a broadband network using program funds, the office may not exclude cooperatives, nonprofit organizations, public-private partnerships, private companies, public or private utilities, public utility districts, or local governments from eligibility for those funds, as set forth in the Act. Provides that the final proposal submitted by the office to the National Telecommunications Information Administration (NTIA) with respect to the program must include the specifications for the required low cost broadband service option that are set forth in the office's initial proposal, as submitted to and approved by NTIA.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: IURC and office of energy development matters.. Description: IURC and office of energy development matters. Repeals the Indiana Code provisions concerning the following obsolete programs and funds administered by the Indiana office of energy development (office): (1) The alternative fuel fueling station grant program. (2) The alternative fuel vehicle grant program for local units. (3) The Indiana coal research grant fund. (4) The office of alternative energy incentives. (5) The alternative energy incentive fund. (6) The center for coal technology research. Makes conforming amendments to other sections of the Indiana Code that reference the repealed provisions. Repeals, in the Indiana Code chapter governing the Indiana recycling market development board (board), a provision that authorizes the office to establish and administer a revolving loan program to make low interest loans for energy efficiency or recycling market development projects. Relocates that provision to the Indiana Code chapter governing the office and removes from the provision language authorizing the office to consult with the board in establishing and administering the program. Provides that, notwithstanding the statutory requirements for a local unit to be certified as a commercial solar energy ready community or a wind energy ready community, the commercial solar and wind energy ready communities development center may make a reasonable determination to certify a unit as a commercial solar energy ready community or a wind energy ready community if the unit: (1) has adopted a commercial solar or wind power regulation and the unit's regulation does not: (A) materially differ from applicable industry or regulatory standards; or (B) otherwise materially affect the ability of a project owner to develop a commercial solar project or wind power project in the unit; or (2) has other clear standards for the construction, installation, siting, modification, operation, or decommissioning of commercial solar or wind power systems and the unit's clear standards meet specified requirements. Amends the Indiana Code section concerning a rate case in which a utility seeks an increase in revenues exceeding $2,500,000, and with respect to which a public hearing is required, to provide that the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC) shall conduct at least one public hearing in one of the following, as determined by the IURC: (1) The largest municipality located within the utility's service area. (2) The municipality containing the largest number of customers served by the utility. (3) The county containing the largest number of customers served by the utility. (Current law requires the IURC to conduct the public hearing in the largest municipality located within the utility's service area.) Makes a corresponding change to the statute concerning rural electric membership corporations. Repeals a provision in the statute concerning incentives for clean energy projects that requires eligible businesses under the statute to file with the lieutenant governor a monthly report concerning purchases of: (1) Illinois Basin coal for energy production or generation; and (2) fuel or energy produced by a coal gasification facility or by a nuclear energy production or generating facility.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Deposit account agreements.. Description: Deposit account agreements. Provides that a deposit account agreement between a depository financial institution and a depositor may be changed or amended from time to time, subject to the terms of the deposit account agreement. Provides that a depositor's continued maintenance of a deposit account after the effective date of any change or amendment to the deposit account agreement, as described in a written notice from the depository financial institution, constitutes prima facie evidence of the depositor's intent to accept the change or amendment.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Emergency medical services.. Description: Emergency medical services. Provides that not later than July 15, 2024, the county executive shall provide the department of homeland security (department) certain information relating to each emergency medical services (EMS) provider in the county. Provides that not later than August 15, 2024, the department, in consultation with the Indiana emergency medical services commission, shall prepare and submit a report to the general assembly relating to the provision of EMS. Urges the legislative council to assign to the appropriate study committee the topic of improving the provision of EMS throughout Indiana.
In 2024, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Requires the office of management and budget to establish a kindergarten through grade 12 data governance team. Establishes the duties of the data governance team, including the submission of a report to legislative council. Requires, not later than July 1, 2024, the department of education (department) to: (1) establish an online, self-paced professional development module with regard to mathematics; (2) develop math descriptions correlated to proficiency level descriptors to track proficiency at the student level; (3) create and identify dedicated math resources to assist with intervention and enrichment opportunities and instructional strategies; and (4) post the resources on the department's website. Requires, not later than December 1, 2024, the department to submit a plan to the legislative council that includes: (1) strategies for the early identification of students who are at risk of not meeting grade level proficiency in mathematics; and (2) recommendations for high quality intervention policies for mathematics. Defines "literacy coach" and requires literacy coaches to prioritize certain duties. Provides for the availability of certain grants for literacy coaches. Establishes a mastery based education program (program) administered by the department. Provides that school corporations and charter schools may apply to participate in the program. Requires the budget committee to review the program, and the department to make a presentation to the budget committee regarding the progress and results of the program. Provides for the expiration of the program. Establishes certain restrictions and requirements regarding visiting teacher licenses. Requires the department and the commission for higher education, in conjunction with the state board of education (state board), to partner with teacher preparation programs to receive an outside evaluation of teacher preparation reading instruction programs. Requires the department to develop guidelines regarding the use of curriculum or content that prepares elementary school teacher candidates in math instruction. Provides that a student's latest statewide assessment program test results are included on the student's transcript upon request of the student. Provides that successful completion of an International Baccalaureate diploma program course (course) shall count for high school credit. Provides that any rule adopted by the state board or the department concerning certain diplomas must provide that successful completion of a course is credited toward fulfilling the requirements of certain diplomas. Provides that high school students who have taken a course examination and received a score of four or higher on the examination are entitled to postsecondary academic credit at state educational institutions under certain conditions. Amends the requirements to receive a literacy endorsement.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Live transmission and archiving of IURC meetings.. Description: Live transmission and archiving of IURC meetings. Exempts the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC) from providing a live transmission of hearings regarding which a stenographic record is required to be made and kept by statute. Adds language to the chapter in the Indiana Code governing the IURC to require the IURC to provide on a publicly accessible platform a live transmission of any IURC proceeding that will include: (1) an examination of witnesses; (2) a nonprocedural discussion between one or more parties to the proceeding; (3) questions from one or more of the commissioners regarding the substance of the case; or (4) a contested procedural matter. Requires the IURC to issue a general administrative order to implement a policy that governs the live transmission of IURC proceedings and that includes processes: (1) by which members of the public may request and access the live transmission of an IURC proceeding; and (2) for archiving the live transmission of an IURC proceeding.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Children in need of services.. Description: Children in need of services. Provides that if a child has been removed from the child's parent for at least 12 of the most recent 22 months at the time of a periodic case review, the child's permanency plan must include at least one intended permanent or long term arrangement for care and custody of the child other than reunification of the child with the child's parent, guardian, or custodian. Provides that concurrent planning must be implemented if the child has been removed from the child's parent for at least 12 of the most recent 22 months at the time of a permanency hearing. Provides that the department may not: (1) take adverse action against a foster parent's license; or (2) remove a child from the home of a foster parent, relative of the child, or de facto custodian; on the basis of the foster parent, relative, or de facto custodian filing a notice with the court that a petition is required to be filed, but has not been filed, to terminate the parent-child relationship with regard to the child.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Building regulation.. Description: Building regulation. Defines, for purposes of the unsafe building law, a "building or structure". Increases from $10,000 to $25,000 the estimated cost of work required by an order of a unit's enforcement authority which the unit's enforcement authority may perform using its own workers and equipment.  Provides, with certain exceptions, that a governmental body may not regulate or restrict, by regulation or otherwise, the continued residential use of a mobile home, a manufactured home, or an industrialized residential within a mobile home community based on certain characteristics of the structure. Provides that a mobile home, manufactured home, or industrialized residential structure on private property constituting a legal, nonconforming use, may not be replaced with a mobile home, manufactured home, or industrialized residential structure that is older or smaller than the legal, nonconforming structure being replaced. Makes certain changes to local planning and zoning standards and requirements relating to manufactured homes.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Health and insurance matters.. Description: Health and insurance matters. Requires reporting of certain ownership information by: (1) a hospital to the Indiana department of health (state department); (2) a physician group practice to the professional licensing agency; and (3) an insurer, a third party administrator, and a pharmacy benefit manager to the department of insurance. Requires the professional licensing agency and the department of insurance to provide the ownership information to the state department. Requires the state department to post the ownership information on the state department's website. Sets forth penalties for a violation of the ownership reporting requirements. Allows a contract holder to request an audit of a pharmacy benefit manager at least two times in a calendar year. Requires a contract with a third party administrator, pharmacy benefit manager, or prepaid health care delivery plan to provide that the plan sponsor has ownership of the claims data. Allows a plan sponsor that contracts with a third party administrator, the office of the secretary of family and social services that contracts with a managed care organization to provide services to a Medicaid recipient, or the state personnel department that contracts with a prepaid health care delivery plan to provide group health coverage for state employees to request an audit at least two times in a calendar year. Provides that a violation of the requirements concerning audits of a third party administrator, managed care organization, or prepaid health care delivery plan is an unfair or deceptive act or practice in the business of insurance and allows the department of insurance to adopt rules to set forth fines for a violation.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Department of local government finance.. Description: Department of local government finance. Provides that a county fiscal body may provide a stipend, not to exceed $2,500, to a circuit court clerk that serves as a voter registration officer each year in which a general election is held. Requires a political subdivision to upload to the Indiana transparency website any contract: (1) related to the provision of fire services or emergency medical services; or (2) entered into with another unit or entity that provides fire services or emergency medical services. Requires a political subdivision to annually attest that the political subdivision uploaded any contract related to the provision of fire services or emergency medical services as a part of the political subdivision budgeting process and specifies the consequence for failure to satisfy the attestation requirement. Provides that for purposes of public purchasing, the term "public funds" does not include proceeds of bonds payable exclusively by, or used by, a private entity. Provides a 15% procurement price preference to a business offering to provide supplies or services under a contract awarded by a state agency to a business that provides "specialized employee services" to its employees. Extends the duration of an entrepreneur and enterprise district (district) to the later of: (1) December 31, 2029 (rather than December 31, 2024); or (2) five years after the date the district is designated. Amends provisions of a statute pertaining to the assessment of rental property. Requires the department of local government finance (department) to notify the county assessor of the department's tentative assessment, or information related to tentative valuation changes, of a utility company's distributable property not later than June 1. Reinstates a provision that was repealed in SEA 325-2023 (P.L.182-2023) that includes as a "homestead" property that is an individual's principal place of residence, is located in Indiana, and is owned by an entity, if the individual is a shareholder, partner, or member of the entity that owns the property. Requires a county auditor to submit an amended certified statement of the assessed value for the ensuing year to the department by the later of: (1) September 1; or (2) 15 days after the certified statement is submitted to the department. Requires the proper officers of a political subdivision that desire to appropriate more money for a particular year than the amount prescribed in the budget for that year as finally determined to hold a public hearing after submitting information regarding the proposed additional appropriation to the department's computer gateway. Provides for a maximum property tax levy increase for Knox Township in Jay County. Prohibits certain civil taxing units that determine they cannot carry out their governmental functions for an ensuing calendar year under various levy limitations from submitting an appeal unless the civil taxing unit receives approval from the appropriate fiscal body to submit the appeal. Similarly prohibits a participating unit of a fire protection territory from submitting an appeal unless each participating unit of the fire protection territory has adopted a resolution approving submission of the appeal. Requires the department, regarding the referendum process for bonds or leases for certain projects, to certify its approval or recommendations to the county auditor and the county election board not more than 10 days after both the required certification of the county auditor and the language of the public question are submitted to the department for review. Provides for the staggering of terms for property tax assessment board of appeals members. Provides that if the department determines that certified computer software or a certified provider is not in compliance with certain specifications or standards or the rules of the department, the department may request that the provider develop a corrective action plan. Provides that a contract with a computer provider under a corrective action plan is not void unless the department: (1) determines that the provider has failed to substantially correct the noncompliance; and (2) revokes the provider's certification. Establishes corrective action plan provisions for noncompliant computer providers. Provides the amount of the additional penalty added to taxes payable if a person fails to file a personal property return within 30 days after the due date. Amends a provision regarding the local income tax rate for local costs of the state judicial system in the county. Requires the department to approve a lower levy freeze tax rate if it finds that the lower rate, in addition to: (1) the supplemental distribution as determined in an adopted resolution; and (2) the amount in certain repealed stabilization funds, as applicable; would fund the levy freeze dollar amount. Provides that certain acute care hospitals may apply to the division of mental health and addiction for certification as a community mental health center. Requires the division of mental health and addiction to review applications for certification as a community mental health center: (1) to ensure an applicant meets certain standards; and (2) without consideration for previously established exclusive geographic primary service restrictions. Requires the department to send its decision regarding referendum language to the governing body of a school corporation not more than 10 days after: (1) the certification of the county auditor; and (2) the resolution is submitted to the department. Provides that, for purposes of the transportation levy component of an operations fund property tax levy, a school corporation, whose budget for the upcoming year is subject to review by a fiscal body, may not submit an appeal to the department unless the school corporation receives approval from the fiscal body. Provides that a county fiscal body may establish a salary schedule that includes a stipend, not to exceed $2,500 in a year, to be paid to the county auditor for duties when warranted as determined by the county fiscal body. Requires a county recorder to provide the owner of a farm with: (1) a copy of the recorded document that contains the name of the owner's farm; and (2) documentation of a description of the land to which the name of the farm applies. Provides that for a county having a United States government military base that is scheduled for closing, the expiration date of the allocation area may be extended for the purposes of paying certain expenses. Repeals a provision that prohibits a local unit from amending the boundaries of an economic improvement district (EID). Instead, allows a local unit to amend the boundaries of an EID only if an owner of real property wishes to include the owner's real property in the EID and voluntarily enters into a written agreement with the legislative body of the local unit in which the owner requests and consents to increasing the boundaries of the EID to include the owner's real property. Specifies that, for real property subject to such a written agreement that is subsequently sold to a new owner, the new owner of that real property may opt out of the prior owner's agreement. Provides that no ordinance or safety board action to fix compensation may provide for any increase in the compensation of any member of a police department or fire department, or any other appointee, from the prior budget year if the city has not fixed a budget, tax rate, and tax levy for the ensuing budget year. Allows a qualified taxpayer to file a property tax exemption application before September 1, 2024, for eligible property for assessment dates beginning within assessment dates occurring within the six years prior to the assessment date at issue. Provides that if a qualified taxpayer files a property tax exemption application for eligible property: (1) the property tax exemption for the eligible property is allowed and granted for the applicable assessment date by the county assessor and county auditor of the county in which the eligible property is located; and (2) the qualified taxpayer is not required to pay any property taxes, penalties, interest, or tax sale reimbursement expenses with respect to the eligible property for the applicable assessment date. Provides that, to the extent the qualified taxpayer has paid any property taxes, penalties, or interest with respect to the eligible property for an applicable assessment date, the qualified taxpayer is entitled to a refund of the amounts paid.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring State Representative Mara Candelaria Reardon.. Description: Honoring State Representative Mara Candelaria Reardon.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Local government matters.. Description: Local government matters. Reduces the membership of the board of directors of the Indiana stadium and convention building authority (board) from seven members to three members. Provides that the director of the budget agency or the director's designee serves as chair of the board. Authorizes the solid waste management district of Vanderburgh County to make grants and loans for certain purposes. Provides that with certain exceptions a governmental entity is prohibited from requiring that a Class 2 structure or a residential onsite sewage system be inspected when a property is sold or transferred. Allows a governmental entity to require certain inspections of properties located in that part of St. Joseph County containing a designated sole source aquifer only if it has been more than 15 years since: (1) the property was last sold or transferred; or (2) the Class 2 structure or system was constructed or installed. Provides, for purposes of posting a license bond, that a political subdivision may not impose any requirement for the political subdivision to be identified as an obligee on the license bond other than the requirement in statute. Provides that certain obligors may initiate a civil action against a political subdivision that does not recognize or does not allow an obligor to post a license bond that satisfies certain requirements. Provides that, if the obligor prevails in the action, the obligor shall be awarded an amount equal to: (1) 300% of the cost of obtaining the license bond; (2) compensatory damages; and (3) reasonable attorney's fees. Provides that if a contractor: (1) has posted a license bond to obtain one license from a political subdivision; and (2) is required to obtain another license from the political subdivision to perform work that the contractor intends to perform; the contractor may not be required to post a second license bond as a condition of obtaining the second license if the type of work that the first license authorizes the contractor to perform is so closely related to the type of work that the second license will authorize the contractor to perform that both types of work are typically involved in a single residential construction project. Provides that a city, town, or county that requires a building permit for the construction of a Class 2 structure may provide for the inspection to be conducted by: (1) an individual employed by the city, town, or county, or by another city, town, or county, as a building inspector; (2) a registered architect; (3) a registered professional engineer; (4) a certified building official; or (5) a licensed home inspector.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Insurance matters.. Description: Insurance matters. Establishes the insurance producer education and continuing education commission with appointments to the commission by the commissioner of the department of insurance (department). Repeals the insurance producer education and continuing education advisory council. Repeals the law requiring an alien or foreign insurance company to annually submit to the department a condensed statement of its assets and liabilities and requiring the department to publish the statement in a newspaper. Adds to the law on the regulation of insurance holding company systems provisions concerning liquidity stress testing according to the framework established by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Amends the law on insurance administrators to set forth certain circumstances under which an insurance administrator is required to apply to Indiana for a license. Requires an insurer to mail a written notice of nonrenewal to an insured at least 60 days before the anniversary date of the policy if the coverage is provided to a municipality or county entity. Provides that if a party to a health provider contract intends to terminate the contractual relationship with another party to the health provider contract, the terminating party must provide written notice to the other party of the decision to terminate the contractual relationship not less than 90 days before the health provider contract terminates. Amends the law on individual prescription drug rebates and the law on group prescription drug rebates to authorize the department to adopt rules for the enforcement of those laws and to specify that a violation of either of those laws is an unfair or deceptive act or practice in the business of insurance. Requires an insurer to only offer to plan sponsors the following plans: (1) A plan that applies 100% of the rebates to reduce premiums for all covered individuals equally. (2) A plan that calculates defined cost sharing for covered individuals of the plan sponsor at the point of sale based on a price that is reduced by an amount equal to at least 85% of all of the rebates received or estimated to be received by the insurer. Changes the date of applicability for provisions regarding a notice of material change from after June 30, 2024, to after June 30, 2025. Amends the property and casualty insurance guaranty association law concerning the allocation, transfer, or assumption by one insurer of a policy that was issued by another insurer.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: PFAS chemicals.. Description: PFAS chemicals. Defines "PFAS chemicals" and requires the environmental rules board to use the definition in certain rules concerning industrial processes and research and development.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Loan brokers.. Description: Loan brokers. Removes references to principal manager and principal manager license from the Indiana Code. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: HOA regulation of beekeeping.. Description: HOA regulation of beekeeping. Provides that a homeowners association may regulate the number and location of beehives on properties. Provides that a homeowners association may not: (1) regulate the number and location of beehives that are located on a property before the regulations are adopted; and (2) prohibit beekeeping on property that complies with state law, if the beehives are actively maintained for pollination or production of honey. Provides when a homeowners association may prohibit beekeeping within 100 feet of a property.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Security of property and meeting decorum.. Description: Security of property and meeting decorum. Allows the governing bodies of certain local government agencies (local agencies) to adopt rules or policies governing the conduct of meetings. Provides that a rule or policy may provide that the presiding member of the governing body of the local agency may: (1) issue warnings to disruptive attendees and direct them to leave the meeting on the third warning; and (2) direct a law enforcement officer to remove disruptive attendees. Provides that the rules and policies must be posted at the meeting entrance or announced before taking public testimony. Specifies that a provision of the tort claims law providing immunity to a government entity or employee in adopting and enforcing a law or rule applies. Provides that a person commits criminal trespass by knowingly or intentionally: (1) entering a locked area without permission; or (2) refusing to leave an area not publicly accessible after being asked to leave by a law enforcement officer or agent of the property owner or operator. Specifies that: (1) the public access counselor serves at the pleasure of the governor; and (2) when issuing an advisory opinion, the public access counselor may consider only the plain text of the public access laws and valid Indiana court opinions. Provides that a committee appointed directly by the governing body or a governing body's designee does not constitute a governing body that is subject to the open door law if the committee: (1) is appointed for the sole purpose of receiving information, deliberating, or making recommendations to the governing body; and (2) has not more than one member of the governing body as a member.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Inspection of residential onsite sewage systems.. Description: Inspection of residential onsite sewage systems. Establishes when certain officials may inspect a residential onsite sewage system or nonresidential onsite sewage system. Allows a nonresidential onsite sewage system to be installed in a lot if at least one site on the lot is determined to be suitable for the installation of the nonresidential onsite sewage system. Provides that a county onsite waste management district (district) or local health department may not assess a periodic permit or inspection fee that exceeds the actual cost of the inspection incurred by the district or local health department on an onsite sewage system or an onsite residential sewage discharging disposal system.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Probate.. Description: Probate. Extends insurance coverage on property transferred by a transfer on death transfer following the death of the insured after June 30, 2025, for property and casualty insurance and liability insurance other than title insurance and certain insurance relating to bonds and mortgages.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Family and juvenile law matters.. Description: Family and juvenile law matters. Amends the definition for "act of rape", only for the purposes of IC 31-35-3.5 (termination of parent-child relationship of an individual who committed an act of rape), to include child molestation and sexual misconduct with a minor. Provides that the department of child services or a court shall consider ensuring the child's safety to be the most important consideration in the determination of a child's best interests under family and juvenile law. Provides that there is a rebuttable presumption that a child is a child in need of services if the state establishes that the child lives in the same household as an adult who was a perpetrator of a child fatality or near fatality that may have been the result of abuse, abandonment, or neglect. Adds sexual misconduct with a minor as an offense that may be alleged in a petition to terminate the parent-child relationship when a child is conceived as a result of the offense.  Amends the circumstances under which a court may terminate the parent-child relationship with regard to a child in need of services.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Cemetery perpetual care fund.. Description: Cemetery perpetual care fund. Provides that a cemetery: (1) consisting solely of a columbarium installed before January 1, 2025; (2) that is located on property consisting of at least 40 acres that is owned by a nonprofit organization with a focus on veterans that is exempt from federal income taxation under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code; and (3) that is located on property that was owned by the nonprofit organization before January 1, 2024; is not required to establish a perpetual care fund.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: School controlled project referendum.. Description: School controlled project referendum. Provides that a local public question authorizing a school corporation to impose property taxes to pay debt service on bonds or lease rentals on a lease for a specified controlled project may be placed on the ballot only at a general election or municipal general election.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Requires the secretary of education to prepare and submit to the general assembly the following: (1) A plan to establish a pilot program concerning the use, operation, and management of school facilities to promote student learning and outcomes. (2) A plan to establish a pilot program concerning student transportation. Provides that the commission on seclusion and restraint in schools (commission) must include eliminating or minimizing the need for use of time-out in its model restraint and seclusion plan. Requires the commission to meet biannually (instead of annually, under current law), and requires the commission to submit a biannual report to the state advisory council on the education of children with disabilities. Makes various changes to innovation network school and participating innovation network charter school provisions regarding the following: (1) The terms that must be included in an agreement entered into between: (A) an innovation network team and the governing body of a school corporation; and (B) an organizer and the governing body of a school corporation. (2) Restrictions on altering an agreement. (3) Restrictions on a school corporation charging a participating innovation network charter school for goods and services. (4) Required distribution of state tuition support to participating innovation network charter schools. (5) Restrictions regarding altering the use of a facility occupied by an innovation network school or participating innovation network charter school. Provides that a school corporation may use the school corporation's operations fund for transportation of school children to certain: (1) apprenticeship programs; (2) career and technical education programs; (3) modern youth apprenticeships; and (4) work based learning courses. Makes changes to the student learning recovery grant program concerning the following: (1) The establishment of the program is subject to available funding. (2) The purpose for which the program was established with regard to disruption in education caused by the coronavirus disease pandemic and insufficient alternatives. (3) The limitation of the program to only certain state fiscal years. (4) Allowing the department of education (department) to require matching grant amounts. Provides that a student's Indiana enrichment scholarship account terminates under conditions established by the department (instead of October 1, 2024). Provides that the governing body of a school corporation, the organizer of a charter school, or the chief administrative officer of a nonpublic school system shall authorize the absence and excuse of each secondary school student who is not a habitual truant and is ordered to active duty with the armed forces of the United States, including their reserve components or the Indiana National Guard for at least 15 days in a school year. Provides that the office of administrative law proceedings (office) has jurisdiction over hearing officers authorized to conduct hearings required by the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA). Requires the office to: (1) determine the cost of conducting hearings; and (2) after July 1, 2025, assess a fee, based on the weighted ADM count, for each school corporation and charter school that is sufficient to cover the costs. Amends the date by which a student has to be a certain age to be eligible to participate in a school scholarship program and the Indiana education scholarship account program. Removes a condition with regard to requiring certain school corporations to accept transferring students who do not have legal settlement in the school corporation. Provides that a transferee corporation may not require a parent or student requesting transfer to the school corporation to pay transfer tuition or any other fee associated with the transfer of the student. Removes a provision that requires use of certain federal funds under the Indiana student enrichment grant program. Makes certain changes to the referendum time line. Repeals the following provisions regarding the student learning recovery grant program: (1) The appropriation in the 2021 fiscal year. (2) The expiration of the program. Repeals provisions regarding the expiration of the Indiana student enrichment grant program. Provides that a state educational institution (institution) must implement a policy to publish information concerning any act of hazing committed by a member of a group or organization that is adjudicated by the institution. Requires an institution to publish a public report concerning certain information about an investigation that results in a finding that hazing was committed. Specifies what an institution is required to publish on a website in connection with the public report concerning hazing. Allows an individual who is at least 16 years of age to enroll in and attend a training program for certification as a Firefighter I, Firefighter II, or emergency medical technician.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Wetlands.. Description: Wetlands. Clarifies various wetland definitions. Eliminates certain wetland rulemaking requirements. Provides that certain wetland activity requires state authorization. Clarifies the compensatory mitigation that must be offered to offset certain wetland activity. Makes conforming changes and technical corrections.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Emergency medical services.. Description: Emergency medical services. Establishes the community cares initiative grant pilot program for the purpose of assisting in the costs of starting or expanding mobile integrated health care programs and mobile crisis teams in Indiana. Establishes the community cares initiative fund. Requires a health plan operator to provide payment to a nonparticipating ambulance service provider for ambulance service provided to a covered individual: (1) at a rate not to exceed the rates set or approved, by contract or ordinance, by the county or municipality in which the ambulance service originated; (2) at the rate of 400% of the published rate for ambulance services established under the Medicare law for the same ambulance service provided in the same geographic area; or (3) according to the nonparticipating ambulance provider's billed charges; whichever is less. Provides that if a health plan operator makes payment to a nonparticipating ambulance service provider in compliance with these requirements: (1) the payment shall be considered payment in full, except for any copayment, coinsurance, deductible, and other cost sharing amounts that the health plan requires the covered individual to pay; and (2) the nonparticipating ambulance service provider is prohibited from billing the covered individual for any additional amount. Provides that the copayment, coinsurance, deductible, and other cost sharing amounts that a covered individual is required to pay in connection with ambulance service provided by a nonparticipating ambulance service provider shall not exceed the copayment, coinsurance, deductible, and other cost sharing amounts that the covered individual would be required to pay if the ambulance service had been provided by a participating ambulance service provider. Requires a health plan operator that receives a clean claim from a nonparticipating ambulance service provider to remit payment to the nonparticipating ambulance service provider not more than 30 days after receiving the clean claim. Provides that if a claim received by a health plan operator for ambulance service provided by a nonparticipating ambulance service provider is not a clean claim, the health plan operator, not more than 30 days after receiving the claim, shall: (1) remit payment; or (2) send a written notice that: (A) acknowledges the date of receipt of the claim; and (B) either explains why the health plan operator is declining to pay the claim or states that additional information is needed for a determination whether to pay the claim. Removes the requirement that a health plan operator negotiate rates and terms with any ambulance service provider willing to become a participating provider, but retains the requirement that the state negotiate rates and terms with any ambulance service provider willing to become a participating provider.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Housing development.. Description: Housing development. Makes various changes to the residential housing infrastructure assistance program. Expands the definition of "economic development facilities" applicable to the economic development and pollution control statutes to include facilities for housing for purposes of redevelopment commission programs outside Indianapolis for age-restricted housing or residential housing development. Makes a technical correction.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various natural resources matters.. Description: Various natural resources matters. Pauses all tax sales on mineral interests for one year. Increases the maximum dry weight for a "recreational off-highway vehicle". Provides that certain fees established by the natural resources commission (commission) do not constitute a rule. Adds language to youth hunting and trapping license provisions providing that the nonresident youth turkey licenses include all yearly stamps to hunt wild turkeys and that the resident and nonresident youth license remains valid for the remainder of the license period even after the license holder turns 18 years of age. Provides that certain licenses may still be used if the license holder moves out of state. Provides that a person may perform certain activities without obtaining a permit from the department of natural resources (department). Allows the commission to adopt rules regarding certain activities that are permitted without a license. Establishes requirements for constructing certain structures in a floodway. Requires the department to take certain steps before: (1) making a determination when the department is reviewing the department mapping data being applied to a parcel of real property; and (2) submitting department mapping data in preparation of the Federal Emergency Management Agency flood hazard map. Allows certain persons to request a review by the department of the department mapping data applying to the parcel of real property. Requires the department, in reviewing the department mapping data applying to a parcel of real property, to use a detailed hydrologic modeling method and perform a site investigation. Requires the department to notify certain persons within 90 days after determining that a parcel of real property: (1) is included in a flood plain or floodway; or (2) is no longer included in a flood plain or floodway. Establishes the STREAM act fund. Makes technical and conforming changes. Makes an appropriation.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Canine standard of care.. Description: Canine standard of care. Sets forth regulations concerning the retail sale of dogs. Requires retail pet stores, animal care facilities, and animal rescue operations to register with the board of animal health. Establishes mandatory disclosures and warranties for a retail pet store selling dogs. Establishes a random inspection program for commercial dog breeders, commercial dog brokers, and retail pet stores beginning July 1, 2025. Voids local ordinances prohibiting the sale of dogs at retail pet stores.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Various health care matters.. Description: Various health care matters. Requires the budget committee to review certain contracts with managed care organizations for the Medicaid program. Allows a managed care organization and a Medicaid provider to enter into a value based health care reimbursement agreement. Prohibits a managed care organization from imposing on a provider a reimbursement rate or payment methodology through a notice of contract change, a policy, or a provider manual change. Allows for case rate reimbursement for emergency services. Requires a managed care organization to contract with any willing provider if the provider: (1) meets licensure and certification requirements and enrollment criteria; and (2) agrees accept the terms and conditions of the managed care organization to provide services under the risk based managed care program; for Medicaid recipients who are eligible to participate in the Medicare program and receive nursing facility services or home and community based services (program). Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to establish minimum reimbursement rates for covered services under the program. Requires a health plan to make current prior authorization requirements and restrictions accessible on the health plan's website. Prohibits the implementation of a new or amended prior authorization requirement or restriction unless certain conditions are met. Requires a health plan to release statistics concerning prior authorization and submit a report concerning the statistics to the department of insurance. Provides that a contracting entity may not grant a third party access to the provider network contract or to dental services or contractual discounts provided under the provider network contract unless certain conditions are satisfied. Provides that any provider that is a party to the network contract must be allowed to choose not to participate in the third party access. Prohibits a contracting entity from: (1) altering the rights or status under a provider network contract of a dental provider that chooses not to participate in third party access; or (2) rejecting a provider as a party to a provider network contract because the provider chose not to participate in third party access. Authorizes enforcement by the insurance commissioner. Provides that if a covered individual assigns the covered individual's rights to benefits for dental services to the provider of the dental services, the dental carrier shall pay the benefits assigned by the covered individual to the provider of the dental services. Prohibits the provider from billing the covered individual if the provider is in the dental carrier's network.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Agricultural matters.. Description: Agricultural matters. Requires the department of agriculture to conduct an economic impact study that includes an analysis of the economic value to communities of every acre of farmland.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Forensic diversion and drug courts.. Description: Forensic diversion and drug courts. Provides that a pregnant woman charged with a drug crime may be referred to a forensic diversion program or a drug court at an initial hearing.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Trafficking of harmful substances in jails.. Description: Trafficking of harmful substances in jails. Defines "chemical intoxicant" and increases the penalty for trafficking with an inmate if the trafficked article is a chemical intoxicant.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Long acting reversible contraceptives.. Description: Long acting reversible contraceptives. Requires a hospital that operates a maternity unit to ensure that a woman who is: (1) giving birth in the hospital; and (2) eligible for or receiving Medicaid assistance; has the option, if not medically contraindicated, of having a long acting reversible subdermal contraceptive implanted after delivery and before the woman is discharged. Allows a hospital to be exempt from the requirement if the hospital has a faith based objection. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to reimburse the hospital for the following provided to a Medicaid recipient: (1) A long acting reversible subdermal contraceptive, including the cost of stocking the long acting reversible subdermal contraceptive. (2) Placement of the long acting reversible subdermal contraceptive. Provides that the reimbursement must be separate from, and in addition to, the reimbursement for maternity services for the Medicaid recipient. Sunsets the provisions being added in the bill on June 30, 2025. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to develop a billing process that maximizes federal funding for purposes of the long acting reversible contraceptives reimbursement for a Medicaid recipient.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Reading skills.. Description: Reading skills. Provides that the department of education (department) may grant certain individuals a waiver that provides an exception to the literacy endorsement requirements if the department submits a report to the legislative council by a specified date. Requires certain schools, beginning with the 2024-2025 school year, to offer summer school courses for students who are not reading proficient or are at risk of not being reading proficient as indicated on the determinant evaluation of reading skills approved by the state board of education (evaluation). Expands eligibility for funding for summer school courses. Requires certain summer school courses to be taught by a teacher, instructor, or tutor who is trained in the science of reading. Provides that if a student does not achieve a 90% attendance rate in a summer reading course, the student is required to participate in an individual reading plan in the following school year. Requires the department of education to procure a universal screening assessment (assessment) that meets certain criteria. Requires certain schools to administer the assessment to students in kindergarten through grade 2 who are not on track for reading proficiency by grade 3 as determined by the department. Requires the state board of education to establish a method for virtual administration of the ILEARN statewide assessment. Provides that a vendor must supply a student's assessment results to the student and the student's parents. Applies the reading deficiency remediation plan (plan) to public schools, charter schools, state accredited nonpublic schools, and eligible schools. Makes the following changes to the plan: (1) Beginning with evaluations administered in the 2024-2025 school year, requires retention of a student in grade 3 in addition to remediation if the student has not achieved a passing score on the evaluation. (2) Requires schools to notify a student's parent of certain assessment results, interventions, or remedial actions provided to the student. (3) Requires schools to monitor the progress of students who have failed to achieve a passing score on the evaluation or the statewide assessment program test. (4) Requires schools to provide reading instruction aligned with the science of reading to all students in kindergarten through grade 8. (5) Requires schools to administer the evaluation to students who are in grade 2. (6) Requires a student to take the evaluation until certain conditions are met. (7) Requires school reporting on interventions for certain students at risk of not being reading proficient and for certain students who do not a achieve a valid passing score on the determinant evaluation of reading skills. Creates exceptions to the grade 3 retention requirement for a student who meets certain criteria. Requires the governing body of a school to establish a procedure allowing a parent or guardian of a student to appeal the student's retention under the plan. Requires the department to notify the parent or guardian of a child enrolled in kindergarten of the retention requirements under the plan.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Child care.. Description: Child care. Requires the Indiana economic development corporation to annually report to the general assembly regarding funds dedicated to supporting child care under specified state and federal programs. Defines an "out-of-school-time program". Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services (FSSA) to publish on the FSSA website a dashboard providing monthly information regarding state and federal child care subsidies available to Indiana residents. Provides that a household is eligible to begin receiving assistance under the federal Child Care and Development Fund (CCDF) voucher program if the household, at the time of FSSA's initial determination of the household's income eligibility: (1) has a household income that does not exceed 85% of Indiana's state median income for the household's family size; (2) includes an individual who is employed by a licensed child care center, a licensed child care home, or a licensed or registered child care ministry; and (3) otherwise meets federal eligibility requirements for the CCDF program. Provides, with respect to the individual with certification in cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) required to be present at all times when a child is in the care of a child care provider that is eligible to receive reimbursement through the CCDF program, that the individual is not required to be recertified in CPR annually. Provides that: (1) the early learning advisory committee must commission a third party evaluation to assess existing regulations for child care providers not later than May 1, 2024 (rather than July 1, 2024, under current law); and (2) FSSA must initiate the process of amending FSSA's rules in consideration of the findings of the third party evaluation not later than July 1, 2024. Requires, not later than September 30, 2024, the early learning advisory committee to: (1) complete a study regarding compensation in Indiana for early childhood educators and caregivers at out-of-school-time programs; (2) create an online dashboard to allow access to compensation data; and (3) issue a report containing the committee's findings and recommendations. Amends provisions regarding the On My Way Pre-K voucher program (program) to: (1) provide eligibility for children of child care employees; and (2) amend references to funds provided to children under the program as prekindergarten vouchers, rather than grants. Requires FSSA to establish a micro facility pilot program, under which FSSA shall: (1) develop a regulatory model that: (A) is applicable only to certain licensed or registered child care providers that provide child care for not less than three children and not more than 30 children for at least four hours per day (micro facilities); and (B) incorporates waivers or variances from FSSA's rules applicable to certain child care providers; (2) apply the regulatory model to at least three micro facilities and evaluate the operation of the micro facilities under the regulatory model; and (3) not later than October 1, 2026: (A) make a determination as to whether FSSA will adopt rules specific to micro facilities that incorporate some or all aspects of the regulatory model; and (B) submit to the general assembly a report regarding the pilot program. Requires FSSA to do the following: (1) Amend FSSA's rules to define a "substitute educator" caregiver type for purposes of FSSA's rules pertaining to all categories of child care providers regulated by FSSA. (2) Amend FSSA's rules to allow an employee of a child care provider who: (A) is 16 or 17 years of age; (B) is assigned to a lead caregiver who supervises the employee at all times during which the employee is supervising a child; (C) is never left alone with a child; and (D) meets specified qualifications; to be counted in child/staff ratios for school age child care rooms. (3) Amend FSSA's rules to allow an employee of a child care provider who: (A) is at least 18 years of age; and (B) meets specified qualifications; to serve as the staff person in charge of an infant/toddler room. (4) Issue a report to the general assembly not later than October 31, 2024, documenting the results attributable to: (A) the employer sponsored child care fund; and (B) the employer child care expenditure credit. (5) Study, in collaboration with other specified state agencies, opportunities for resource sharing across state agencies and local units of government to facilitate the fingerprinting of individuals for purposes of conducting national criminal history background checks and issue a report to the governor and the general assembly regarding the results of the study. Makes technical corrections.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Fiscal and administrative matters.. Description: Fiscal and administrative matters. Specifies that certain workforce related programs must be reviewed by the legislative services agency at least once rather than every five years. Requires the budget agency to biennially prepare a list of dedicated funds that have not been used in the previous two state fiscal years. Makes technical corrections to various statutes concerning rulemaking. Requires agencies to submit a copy of the notice of the first public comment period and regulatory analysis to the small business ombudsman. Provides that the legislative notice required for rule readoptions must be submitted not later than January 1 of the year preceding the year in which the rule expires. Provides that the publisher of the Indiana Register shall assign a document control number when an agency submits the legislative notice during rule readoption instead of when the agency submits the notice of proposed readoption. Provides that an agency may adopt interim rules to implement a reduction, a full or partial waiver, or an elimination of a fee, fine, or civil penalty included in an administrative rule. Requires the budget agency to transfer money in the phase out trust fund on or before June 30, 2024, to the Medicaid contingency and reserve account. Expires the phase out trust fund on July 1, 2024, and makes corresponding changes. Specifies certain deadlines within the statutes governing an agency's failure to enact required licensure rules. Requires an agency to conduct a regulatory analysis for certain proposed rules, including if the implementation and compliance costs are at least $1,000,000. Provides that if a proposed rule has implementation and compliance costs of at least $1,000,000, the following: (1) The rule cannot be published in the Indiana Register until the budget committee has reviewed the rule. (2) The budget agency and the office of management and budget may not approve any part of the proposed rule prior to review of the proposed rule by the budget committee. Provides that for a provisional rule or an interim rule that has implementation and compliance costs of at least $1,000,000, the governor may not approve a rule prior to the budget committee's review of the rule. Requires the office of management and budget to notify the legislative council of certain proposed rules that have a fiscal impact of over $1,000,000 over the course of two years. Removes references concerning the adoption of an emergency rule. Amends a reference from emergency rules to provisional or interim rules under certain circumstances. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Lead water line replacement and lead remediation.. Description: Lead water line replacement and lead remediation. Specifies that, for purposes of the statute concerning the replacement of customer owned lead service lines by water utilities, a municipally owned utility includes a utility company owned, operated, or held in trust by a consolidated city. Provides that the following apply with respect to the owner of a building, structure, or dwelling, other than a multi-family residential property that contains more than four dwelling units, that is served by a customer owned lead service line within or connected to a water utility's system: (1) That upon request by the water utility, the owner shall replace, or cause to be replaced, the customer owned portion of the lead service line by: (A) enrolling in the water utility's lead service line replacement program; or (B) replacing the customer owned portion of the lead service line through the owner's own agents or contractors and at the owner's own expense. (2) That if the owner: (A) does not enroll in the water utility's lead service line replacement program; (B) does not replace the customer owned portion of the lead service line; or (C) fails to communicate with the water utility regarding the replacement; the water utility or the water utility's agent may enter the property to replace the customer owned portion of the lead service line. (3) That the: (A) water utility; and (B) occupant of the property, if the property is occupied by a person other than the owner; are not liable to the owner with respect to any replacement made under these provisions. (4) That if a water utility attempts to avail itself of the remedies set forth in these provisions and is prevented from doing so by the owner of the property, the water utility may, in accordance with state law, disconnect water service to the owner's property. Provides that the following apply with respect to the owner of a multi-family residential property that contains more than four dwelling units: (1) That the owner may elect to participate in the water utility's lead service line replacement program. (2) That the owner must communicate to the water utility the owner's election to participate not later than 45 days after receiving the water utility's request. (3) That if the owner does not communicate the owner's election to participate within this 45 day period, the owner, or any future owner of the property, is responsible for replacing the customer owned portion of the lead service line through the owner's own agents or contractors and at the owner's own expense. Provides that in the case of a: (1) building; (2) structure; or (3) dwelling; that a water utility has determined to be abandoned or unserviceable, the water utility may disconnect water service to the property and require the owner, or any future owner, of the property to install a new service line. Provides that these provisions may be incorporated, without the need for further approval by the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC), into a water utility's lead service line replacement plan that has been previously approved by the IURC.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Reading proficiency.. Description: Reading proficiency. Requires the department of education (department) to develop a method to identify students in grade 4 through grade 8 who: (1) did not pass the determinant evaluation of reading skills approved by the state board of education; and (2) are at risk of not being proficient in reading as determined by Lexile scores on the statewide summative assessment. Requires the department to develop guidance for schools regarding how to support students who are at risk of not being proficient in reading.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Guardians ad litem in adoption pilot program.. Description: Guardians ad litem in adoption pilot program. Establishes a guardian ad litem pilot program in LaPorte County, Marshall County, and Starke County. Requires a court to appoint a guardian ad litem in an adoption proceeding if a parent of the child has an intellectual disability and is subject to a guardianship.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Higher education matters.. Description: Higher education matters. Requires each high school to: (1) beginning with the 2024-2025 school year, offer the Indiana college core (college core); or (2) not later than October 1, 2024, submit a plan or report that meets certain requirements to the commission for higher education (commission). Provides that: (1) a student who successfully completes an eligible course under the college core is entitled to secondary credit toward graduation requirements; and (2) the student's transcripts must reflect the secondary credit. Establishes the reverse transfer program for community college associate degrees. Requires each state educational institution (institution) to prepare and submit a report to the commission that includes information regarding a determination by the institution of the feasibility and advisability of establishing and conferring associate degrees to certain students. Establishes certain requirements for the commission regarding the reports. Requires each institution that offers baccalaureate degrees to establish a policy to review each of the institution's four year baccalaureate degree program offerings to determine the feasibility of providing each in a specifically structured manner to allow a full-time student to complete the baccalaureate degree within three years. Requires, not later than July 1, 2025, each institution to offer at least one baccalaureate degree program specifically structured to allow a full-time student to complete the baccalaureate degree within three years. Requires an institution to provide an annual report to the commission regarding offering four year baccalaureate degree programs completed in three years. Expands the schools to which requirements regarding secondary credit apply. Changes the name of the statewide transfer general education core to the Indiana college core. Requires the commission, in coordination with the department of education (department) and institutions, to maintain and post a list and syllabus or course outline record of each eligible college core course. Requires, by July 1, 2025, the department to partner with one or more institutions or approved postsecondary educational institutions to provide online access to the college core through the course access program. Provides that credit equivalencies, including the college core, for all Cambridge International Advanced A and AS Level examinations must be updated annually and sent by each institution to the commission by June 1 each year. Provides that each institution shall post these annually updated credit equivalencies on the institution's website by July 1 each year. Provides that the commission shall post the annually updated credit equivalencies on the commission's student transfer of credit portal by July 1 each year.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Notice of health care entity mergers.. Description: Notice of health care entity mergers. Requires health care entities to provide notice of certain mergers or acquisitions to office of the attorney general. Specifies notice requirements. Requires the office of the attorney general to review the information submitted with the notice.  Allows the office of the attorney general to: (1) analyze in writing any antitrust concerns with the merger or acquisition; and (2) issue a civil investigative demand for additional information. Specifies that the information is confidential.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Community cares initiative grant pilot program.. Description: Community cares initiative grant pilot program. Establishes the community cares initiative grant pilot program for the purpose of assisting in the costs of starting or expanding mobile integrated health care programs and mobile crisis teams in Indiana. Establishes the community cares initiative fund.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Right of certain persons to carry a handgun in the statehouse and state capitol complex.. Description: Right of certain persons to carry a handgun in the statehouse and state capitol complex. Allows: (1) certain statewide elected officials; (2) members of the general assembly; (3) members of the Indiana lobby registration commission; (4) professional staff of the general assembly; and (5) employees of certain statewide elected offices; to carry a handgun in the statehouse or on the property of the state capitol complex under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Military benefits and services poster.. Description: Military benefits and services poster. Requires that the Indiana department of labor consult with the Indiana department of veterans' affairs to create and distribute a veterans' benefits and services poster. Provides that the veterans' benefits and services poster must contain certain information. Requires that Indiana employers with more than 50 full-time employees (or their equivalent) display the veterans' benefits and services poster in a conspicuous place.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Age verification for material harmful to minors.. Description: Age verification for material harmful to minors. Requires an adult oriented website operator that displays material harmful to minors to use a reasonable age verification method to prevent a minor from accessing an adult oriented website. Creates a cause of action to permit: (1) the parent or guardian of a child harmed by a violation of the age verification requirement to obtain monetary damages, injunctive relief, and reasonable attorney's fees; and (2) any other person to bring an action to obtain injunctive relief and reasonable attorney's fees. Prohibits a person that conducts age verification from retaining the identifying information of an individual seeking to access an adult oriented website that displays material harmful to minors, and permits an individual whose identifying information is retained to bring an action to obtain monetary damages, injunctive relief, and reasonable attorney's fees. Requires adult oriented website operators to use commercially reasonable methods to secure all information collected and transmitted. Provides that the attorney general may bring an action to obtain an injunction, a civil penalty of not more than $250,000, or the attorney general's reasonable costs in investigating and maintaining the action. Provides that when the attorney general has reasonable cause to believe that any person has engaged in, is engaging in, or is about to engage in a violation, the attorney general is empowered to issue civil investigative demands under IC 4-6-3-3 to investigate the suspected violation. Requires verification information of minors to be kept confidential with certain exceptions. Adds verification information to the definition of "personal information". Adds a violation of IC 24-4-23 as a deceptive act.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various probate matters.. Description: Various probate matters. Expands the definition of a "health care representative". Creates a procedure to transfer the interest of certain single member, limited liability companies to a legatee or heir of the member upon the member's death. Provides that certain provisions in a will or revocable trust in favor of the testator's or trust settlor's former spouse are revoked upon dissolution or annulment of the marriage. Specifies that the provisions in favor of the testator's or trust settlor's former spouse are reinstated if the testator or the settlor remarries the former spouse. Provides that a court may order a convicted felon to serve as a domiciliary personal representative under certain circumstances. Provides that a claim by the estate recovery unit is forever barred unless the estate recovery unit takes certain action against the decedent's estate not later than 120 days after the date of death of the decedent. Provides that a personal representative or a trustee is not required to distribute particular assets based upon the potential gain or loss that a distributee would realize if the assets were sold. Provides that a verified petition for the issuance of a confidential health disclosure order must state whether the alleged incapacitated person cannot provide or has refused to provide written authorization for disclosure of certain medical information. Provides that a document creating a power of attorney that does not contain a notary and preparation statement may be recorded with the county recorder if the document meets certain criteria. Provides signature formats for an attorney in fact to use when signing an instrument on behalf of a principal. Provides recording requirements when including cross-references to a previously recorded document. Requires the endorsement of the county auditor to record a transfer on death deed and instrument. Specifies who an owner may designate as a grantee in a beneficiary designation instrument. Clarifies the form and scope of a transfer on death instrument. Resolves a technical conflict with HEA 1034-2024. Makes conforming and technical changes. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the probate code study commission.)
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: License suspension.. Description: License suspension. Allows the BMV to add an additional compliance period for those seeking material error review regarding certain license suspensions.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Municipal riverfront development district permits.. Description: Municipal riverfront development district permits. Specifies that the alcohol and tobacco commission may issue restaurant permits for a municipal riverfront development district established by a town.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Damage to a penal facility.. Description: Damage to a penal facility. Provides that a person who recklessly, knowingly, or intentionally damages a component of an automatic building fire suppression system that is located in a penal facility commits criminal mischief, a Level 6 felony.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Town party conventions.. Description: Town party conventions. Specifies the manner of nomination applicable to a candidate for town office in a small town, based on the year in which the election occurs. Modifies the deadlines for: (1) filing a copy of an ordinance establishing a primary election for nomination of major political party candidates; and (2) holding a town convention.
In 2024, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: School bus stop arm violation notification.. Description: School bus stop arm violation notification. Provides that when an individual registers a vehicle, the bureau of motor vehicles shall provide notice that a person who operates a vehicle and who recklessly passes a school bus stopped on a roadway or a private road when the arm signal device is in the device's extended position commits a Class A misdemeanor.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Distributions of public safety income tax revenue.. Description: Distributions of public safety income tax revenue. Defines"courtroom costs". Provides that a county fiscal body may adopt an ordinance to impose a tax rate for: (1) in the case of a tax rate adopted before January 1, 2024, county staff expenses of the state judicial system in the county; or (2) in the case of a tax rate adopted after December 31, 2023, courtroom costs of the state judicial system in the county. Provides that the revenue shall be used by the county: (1) in the case of the tax rate adopted before January 1, 2024, only for paying for county staff expenses of the state judicial system in the county; and (2) in the case of a tax rate adopted after December 31, 2023, only for paying the courtroom costs of the state judicial system in the county. Provides that the local income tax revenue spent by each county may not comprise more than 50% of the county's total operational staffing expenses related to the courtroom costs of the state judicial system in any given year. Provides that a township fire department, volunteer fire department, fire protection territory, or fire protection district may apply to the county adopting body for a distribution of local income tax revenue that is allocated to public safety purposes. Requires the county adopting body to review certain submitted applications at a public hearing.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Occupational licensing.. Description: Occupational licensing. Requires the professional licensing agency (agency) to study universal occupational licensing laws enacted in other states. Requires the agency to submit a report with findings and recommendations to the general assembly not later than October 31, 2025. Extends certain dates and expands certain duties regarding the comprehensive review of occupational licensing by public agencies. Delays the date that certain individuals may begin to file a petition to repeal or modify certain occupational regulations. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the interim study committee on employment and labor.)
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Technical corrections.. Description: Technical corrections. Addresses technical issues in the Indiana Code, including those related to spelling, tabulation, formatting, grammar, and cross-references. Repeals an empty chapter. Relocates, without change, provisions enacted at an incorrect citation or at conflicting citations. Resolves technical conflicts from the 2023 legislative session. Changes references from the auditor of state to the state comptroller, and provides directions for publication of affected provisions. Makes conforming amendments. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the code revision commission.)
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Interference with boundary marker.. Description: Interference with boundary marker. Creates a civil penalty for a person who knowingly or intentionally disturbs or removes a boundary marker, and permits a court to order a person who disturbs or removes a boundary marker to pay for the cost of reestablishing the boundary marker.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Oversight of convention and visitor bureau.. Description: Oversight of convention and visitor bureau. Provides that, in making appointments to the convention and visitor bureau, the appointing authority shall give sole consideration to individuals who are employed as executives or managers in certain businesses (instead of either knowledgeable about or employed as executives or managers). Provides that Before December 20 of each year, the convention and visitor bureau ("bureau") shall prepare a budget for expenditures during the following year, taking into consideration the recommendations made by a qualified corporation and submit the budget to the county council for its review and approval. Provides that an expenditure may not be made unless it is in accordance with an appropriation made by the county council in the manner provided by law. Provides that a budget prepared by the bureau and approved by the county council must be published on the department of state revenue's interactive and searchable website. Provides that the bureau may expend money from the alternate revenue fund to promote and encourage conventions, trade shows, visitors, special events, sporting events, and exhibitions in the county. Delays the date by which a proposal for the development, operation, and an ownership share in a Lake County convention and event center is considered timely.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Trauma informed care.. Description: Trauma informed care. Requires the Indiana state board of nursing to study whether trauma informed care should be included as part of the required curriculum for nursing education programs. Requires an individual who holds an active license as a nurse and has direct patient contact to complete a trauma informed care training program within a specified time. Requires the employer of an employee who is required to obtain the training to maintain a record of the completion of the training in the employee's employment records. States that receiving the training as part of curriculum at a nursing education program satisfies the training requirement.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: State educational institution information.. Description: State educational institution information. Requires a state educational institution to prominently display hyperlinks to certain college scorecard information on the state educational institution's website and degree web pages.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Catastrophically disabled veteran hunting.. Description: Catastrophically disabled veteran hunting. Provides that catastrophically disabled veterans may hunt on the same free hunting days as those designated for youth hunters by the director of the department of natural resources. Defines "catastrophically disabled".
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Chaplains in public schools.. Description: Chaplains in public schools. Allows a principal or superintendent of a public school, including a charter school, to employ, or approve as a volunteer, a school chaplain if certain requirements are met. Provides that a school chaplain may only provide secular support to a student or an employee of the school unless permission is given by: (1) the student receiving services if the student is an emancipated minor or adult; (2) the employee of the school receiving services; or (3) a parent of the student and the student receiving services if the student is an unemancipated minor; to provide nonsecular support. Provides that a school chaplain is not required to divulge privileged or confidential communications with a student under certain circumstances. Provides that a school chaplain and a school counselor are subject to duties to report or disclose certain information.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibition on use of dedicated lanes.. Description: Prohibition on use of dedicated lanes. Prohibits, until July 1, 2025, a consolidated city from adopting or enforcing an ordinance, resolution, rule, policy, or other requirement concerning a public transportation project, including the blue line, that seeks to: (1) convert; (2) restrict; or (3) otherwise establish; a vehicular traffic lane for use as a dedicated lane. Specifies exclusions from the scope of the bill's temporary prohibition. Requires the driver of a passenger bus operating in a consolidated city that travels on a dedicated lane in the opposite direction of the flow of traffic to sound a horn or bell when approaching an intersection to alert pedestrians.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring State Representative Ronald Bacon.. Description: Honoring State Representative Ronald Bacon.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Restaurant carryout sales.. Description: Restaurant carryout sales. Exempts a specialty or gourmet market holding a retailer's permit with carryout privileges that was initially issued in September 2019 from the gross retail income requirements to sell alcoholic beverages for carryout.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Tourism improvement districts.. Description: Tourism improvement districts. Provides that a person may circulate a petition to create a tourism improvement district (district) within the territory of a county, city, or town (local unit). Specifies the contents of the tourism improvement district plan that must be filed with a petition to establish a district. Provides that, after a hearing on a petition to establish a district, the legislative body of a local unit may adopt the ordinance establishing the district only if it determines that the petition has been signed by at least: (1) 65% of the owners within the proposed district that will pay the assessments; and (2) the owners of 65% of the total net assessed value of the real property within the proposed district that will pay the assessments. Provides that owners located within a district may be charged a special assessment to fund improvements and other district activities. Defines the term "owner". Excludes from inclusion within a district: (1) property that receives a homestead standard deduction; (2) property used for single family residential housing; and (3) property used for multi-unit residential housing. Specifies the contents of the ordinance establishing a district and the length of time for which a district may exist. Allows a district to issue bonds. Requires the county, city, or town legislative body to contract with a nonprofit district management association to administer and implement the district's activities and improvements. Requires a district management association to annually engage an independent certified public accounting firm to conduct an examination of the district's funds, accounts, and financial affairs and submit the examination to the legislative body and the fiscal body. Excludes Marion County from the provisions of the bill.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Salvage motor vehicles.. Description: Salvage motor vehicles. Allows an automotive salvage recycler or an agent of an automotive salvage recycler to apply for a certificate of authority for a motor vehicle on behalf of the seller with all required information collected at the point of sale. Sets forth reporting requirements for automotive salvage recyclers. Requires notice to be provided to the law enforcement agency with jurisdiction over an automotive salvage recycler's established place of business if, when applying for a certificate of authority, the automotive salvage recycler or an agent of the automotive salvage recycler learns: (1) the motor vehicle was reported stolen; or (2) the owner of the motor vehicle does not match the individual who provided the automotive salvage recycler with the motor vehicle.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Bail and release review commission.. Description: Bail and release review commission. Establishes the bail and release review commission to review data concerning bail, bail reform, pretrial release, and related matters. Provides that the commission expires June 30, 2026.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Code publication amendments.. Description: Code publication amendments. Makes Indiana Code publication amendments. Repeals and relocates a specific Indiana Code definitions chapter for organization of the defined terms by alphabetical order and to provide for future expansion of the chapter. Makes conforming cross-reference updates. Resolves technical conflicts between various enrolled acts passed during the 2024 legislative session.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Veterinary medicine.. Description: Veterinary medicine. Requires the state police department to disclose to the board of veterinary medicine (board) the criminal history or activity of veterinary license or certificate holders or applicants. Requires veterinarians and veterinary technicians to disclose certain information when renewing a license or registration certificate electronically and requires the board to compile that information into an annual report. Provides that a licensed veterinarian is not required to obtain a controlled substance registration or separate controlled substance registration if certain criteria are met. Permits a veterinarian or a registered veterinary technician to renew an expired license or registration certificate more than three years after the date of the expiration.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Updated Indiana Drainage Handbook.. Description: Updated Indiana Drainage Handbook. Requires the state department of agriculture (department) to oversee and take all actions necessary for the preparation and publication of an updated version of the Indiana Drainage Handbook. Authorizes the department to select a contractor to draft the updated version of the Indiana Drainage Handbook. Requires the secretary of agriculture and rural development to appoint an advisory board to advise the contractor and the department and to review and provide non-binding comments on the structure and the text of drafts of the updated Indiana Drainage Handbook. Provides that the advisory board must include representatives of certain organizations and state agencies and may include other members appointed by the secretary of agriculture and rural development.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Adult protective services.. Description: Adult protective services. Allows the division of aging to contract with a person qualified to provide adult protective services. Removes language that allowed the division to contract with a governmental entity if a prosecuting attorney decides not to enter into a contract.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the importance of career and technical education during Career and Technical Education Month.. Description: Recognizing the importance of career and technical education during Career and Technical Education Month. Recognizing the importance of career and technical education during Career and Technical Education Month.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Human sexuality instruction.. Description: Human sexuality instruction. Defines "governing authority" of a school. Defines "school" as a school maintained by a school corporation, charter school, or state accredited nonpublic school. Provides that, if a school instructs students on human sexuality, the school's governing authority must first approve and publish certain information concerning the instruction in a conspicuous place on the website of the school, and requires a school to provide a direct link to that information in a school's written request for consent for instruction on human sexuality. Prohibits a school from using learning materials for instruction on human sexuality unless approved by the school's governing authority.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Police officer employment and training cost reimbursement.. Description: Police officer employment and training cost reimbursement. Allows a county, city, or town (unit) to be reimbursed for some or all of a police officer's employment and training costs from a unit that subsequently employs the police officer less than three years after police officer completes the law enforcement basic training course. Provides that "police officer" does not include a town marshal or town marshal deputy. Provides that if any unit does not claim reimbursement from a subsequent employing unit, any reimbursement right is terminated. Requires a subsequent employer to notify the police officer in writing if the previous employer did or did not submit a claim for reimbursement. Requires a written notification be provided to a police officer before hiring that informs the officer of the employer's right to obtain reimbursement from a subsequent employer.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Professions and professional services.. Description: Professions and professional services. Authorizes the office of the secretary of family and social services to implement a risk based managed care program for certain Medicaid recipients. Requires the office of Medicaid policy and planning to convene a workgroup and, with managed care organizations, to conduct a claims submission testing period before the risk based managed care program is established.~ Provides that, during the first 210 days after the risk based managed care program is implemented, a provider that experiences a financial emergency due to claims payment issues shall receive temporary emergency assistance from the managed care organizations with which the provider is contracted. Amends statutes concerning Medicaid provider agreements, health insurance reimbursement agreements, and Medicare supplement insurance to specify that a 15 day period consists of 15 business days. Requires the Indiana department of health to grant a hospital an extension of time to file the hospital's fiscal report if the hospital shows good cause for the extension. Removes an expired provision concerning hospital fiscal reports. Eliminates the requirement that a provider who is licensed in Indiana, physically located outside Indiana, but providing telehealth services to patients who are in Indiana, file a certification constituting a waiver of jurisdiction. Makes a number of changes in the law concerning health facility administrators, including eliminating the requirement that a health facility administrator display the individual's license in a prominent location in the individual's principal office and providing that a particular course of study for administrators in training is not mandatory. Specifies: (1) the manner in which certain nurse applicants may demonstrate English proficiency; (2) that a graduate of a foreign nursing school must pass a specified examination; and (3) additional credentialing verification assessment organizations for certain nurse applicants. Prohibits a third party administrator or another person from arranging for a dental provider to provide dental services for a dental plan that sets the amount of the fee for any dental services unless the dental services are covered services under the dental plan. Provides that a contracting entity (a dental carrier, a third party administrator, or another person that enters into a provider network contract with providers of dental services) may not grant a third party access to the provider network contract or to dental services or contractual discounts provided pursuant to the provider network contract unless certain conditions are satisfied. Provides that when a dental provider network contract is entered into, renewed, or materially modified, any provider that is a party to the network contract must be allowed to choose not to participate in the third party access. Prohibits a contracting entity from: (1) altering the rights or status under a provider network contract of a dental provider that chooses not to participate in third party access; or (2) rejecting a provider as a party to a provider network contract because the provider chose not to participate in third party access. Authorizes the insurance commissioner to issue a cease and desist order against a person that violates any of these prohibitions and, if the person violates the cease and desist order, to impose a civil penalty upon the person and suspend or revoke the person's certificate of authority. Provides that if a covered individual assigns the covered individual's rights to benefits for dental services to the provider of the dental services, the dental carrier shall pay the benefits assigned by the covered individual to the provider of the dental services. However, prohibits the provider from billing the covered individual (except for a copayment, coinsurance, or a deductible amount) if the provider is in the dental carrier's network. Requires the Indiana state board of nursing to amend a specified administrative rule to conform with this act. Requires the medical licensing board to study certain rules concerning office based setting accreditations and report to the general assembly.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 19, 2024, as Jack and Jill Day at the Indiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizing February 19, 2024, as Jack and Jill Day at the Indiana State Capitol. Recognizing February 19, 2024, as Jack and Jill Day at the Indiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Redistricting deadline.. Description: Redistricting deadline. Requires certain redistricting authorities to redistrict or recertify election districts before June 30, 2025, if the election district does not have an office on the ballot during the 2024 general election. Requires certain redistricting authorities to redistrict or recertify election districts after January 1, 2025 and before June 30, 2025, if the election district does have an office on the ballot during the 2024 general election. Assesses a penalty if a redistricting authority fails to redistrict or recertify election districts. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Administrative rulemaking.. Description: Administrative rulemaking. Removes references concerning the adoption of an emergency rule. Amends a reference from emergency rules to provisional or interim rules under certain circumstances. Makes conforming changes. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the code revision commission.)
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Psilocybin treatment program.. Description: Psilocybin treatment program. Establishes the therapeutic psilocybin research fund, administered by the Indiana department of health (state department), to provide financial assistance to research institutions in Indiana to study the use of psilocybin to treat mental health and other medical conditions. Sets forth clinical study requirements. Requires a research institution that receives a grant to conduct a clinical study to prepare and submit a report to the interim study committee on public health, behavioral health, and human services, the state department, and the division of mental health and addiction.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Natural resources.. Description: Natural resources. Provides that a person may perform certain activities without obtaining a permit from the department of natural resources (department). Provides certain guidelines for cutting, relocating, or removing logs that are crossways in a channel. Provides that a person who removes a logjam from a river or stream: (1) is not required to cut a log or separate a tree from its root system if, in the opinion of the person, the cutting would create an unreasonable risk of bodily harm to the person; and (2) need not remove the dislodged logs from the floodplain if the logs are dried and burned so completely as to eliminate the potential for a new logjam. Permits a person to remove a logjam or mass of wood debris from a river or stream with mechanical equipment appropriate to the task of removing logjam or debris. Authorizes a person to remove debris from a stream under certain conditions without needing a permit from the department. Exempts the state and a county, city, or town from submitting various documents when applying for certain floodway permits. Requires the Indiana state department of agriculture to oversee and take all actions necessary to prepare and publish an updated version of the Indiana Drainage Handbook.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Provides that, for the 2024-2025 and 2025-2026 school years, a school shall ensure that at least 60% of a school counselor's aggregate time performing the counselor's job duties is devoted to providing direct services to students. Provides that, beginning with the 2026-2027 school year, a school shall ensure that at least 80% of a school counselor's aggregate time performing the counselor's job duties is devoted to providing direct services to students. Exempts schools that have a school counselor/student ratio that is not more than one school counselor to 350 students from the school counselor time requirement provisions. Allows school corporations to provide certain notices regarding expulsion meetings by electronic mail.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Coverage for mobile integrated healthcare services.. Description: Coverage for mobile integrated healthcare services. Provides that: (1) a state employee health plan; (2) a policy of accident and sickness policy; and (3) an individual or group contract; must provide reimbursement beginning July 1, 2024, and ending June 30, 2027, for emergency medical services that are performed or provided in specified counties by a mobile integrated healthcare program.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Regulation of drones near correctional facilities.. Description: Regulation of drones near correctional facilities. Provides that the crime of trafficking with an inmate includes the use of an unmanned aerial vehicle (drone) to deliver contraband, and that the crime of public safety remote aerial interference includes operation of a drone to intentionally obstruct or interfere with the duties of a correctional officer, including a county jail officer.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Youth employment.. Description: Youth employment. Allows a person who is at least 18 years of age to ring up a sale of alcoholic beverages in the course of the person's employment. Allows a waiter, waitress, or server who is at least 18 years of age to serve alcoholic beverages in a dining room of a restaurant or hotel under certain conditions. Provides certain exemptions from the employment of minors law. Provides, for purposes of the reporting requirement applicable to an employer that employs a specified number of minors, that: (1) a minor's date of hire is the first date on which the minor performs work for the employer; and (2) an employer must report any new or changed information not later than the fifteenth and last business days of each month. Provides that a civil penalty for a violation of certain provisions regarding the employment of minors may not be assessed for a violation of 10 minutes or less.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Child care property tax exemption and evaluation.. Description: Child care property tax exemption and evaluation. Amends the property tax exemption for property used by a for-profit provider of early childhood education, including by requiring the provider to offer age appropriate curriculum and by excluding from the exemption tangible property that has been granted a homestead standard deduction. Provides a partial property tax exemption for an employer that provides child care on the employer's property for the employer's employees, and for the employees of another business if the employer and the other business enter into an agreement that outlines the terms under which the child care is to be provided. Specifies the conditions that must be met to obtain the partial property tax exemption. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services, in consultation with the early learning advisory committee, to: (1) evaluate and make recommendations; and (2) submit a report; regarding child care.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Workforce data collection.. Description: Workforce data collection. Requires the division of disability and rehabilitative services (division), beginning 12 months after the direct support professional registry is implemented, to post monthly on the division's website the total number of individuals registered under the registry. Requires the division to present information concerning the total number of individuals registered to the division of disability and rehabilitative services advisory council at least quarterly. Requires reports of newly hired employees to be filed electronically. Requires employers to provide an employee's current primary standardized occupational classification code and starting compensation on a report of a newly hired employee. Provides that each workforce focused agency shall deliver a workforce related program report to the management performance hub. Requires the management performance hub to: (1) compile the workforce related program reports into an annual data product; and (2) make the data product available to each workforce focused agency. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Tobacco.. Description: Tobacco. Prohibits a retail establishment from holding more than one active tobacco sales certificate (certificate) for a retail location at any time. Prohibits the alcohol and tobacco commission (commission) from issuing a certificate to certain persons. Provides that, if a majority interest in a business that holds a certificate is sold or transferred: (1) the new ownership must apply for a new certificate; and (2) the certificate and permit number held by the previous ownership are void 90 days after the sale or transfer of the ownership of the business. Specifies that an employee of a certificate holder (employee) must hold a valid: (1) driver's license issued by the state of Indiana or another state; or (2) identification card issued by the state of Indiana, another state, or the United States; to sell tobacco products. Requires an employee to have the driver's license, identification card, or a copy of these documents readily available to show an excise officer or law enforcement when selling tobacco products. Allows an employee who is unable to show these documents to provide certain evidence within five days. Permits the commission to impose a civil penalty on the certificate holder if an employee fails to timely produce this evidence. Provides that a person who recklessly, knowingly, or intentionally sells a tobacco product without a valid certificate commits a Class C infraction. Makes it a Class C misdemeanor for a person to operate a tobacco and vaping business within 1,000 feet of school property. Specifies exceptions.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Artificial intelligence and cybersecurity.. Description: Artificial intelligence and cybersecurity. Creates the artificial intelligence task force (task force) to study and assess use of artificial intelligence technology by state agencies. Provides that political subdivisions, state agencies, school corporations, and state educational institutions (public entities) may adopt a: (1) technology resources policy; and (2) cybersecurity policy; subject to specified guidelines. Specifies requirements for: (1) public entities; and (2) entities other than public entities; that connect to the state technology infrastructure of Indiana. Provides, with regard to a licensing contract entered into by a state agency for use of a software application designed to run on generally available desktop or server hardware, that the contract may not restrict the hardware on which the state agency installs or runs the software. Provides that if a state agency enters into a contract with a person under which the state agency runs software on hardware owned or operated by the person, the office of technology shall ensure that the state agency fully complies with the licensing terms of all software run on the person's hardware. Provides that an executive or legislative state agency may submit to the office of technology and the task force an inventory of all artificial intelligence technologies in use, or being developed or considered by the state agency for use, by the state agency. Provides that, subject to specified exceptions: (1) title to any record of state government is held by the state; and (2) title to any record of a local government is held by that local government.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Statute of limitations.. Description: Statute of limitations. Allows the prosecution of Level 3 felony rape and child molesting offenses to be commenced at any time. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Transportation funding.. Description: Transportation funding. Provides that a school corporation may use the school corporation's operations fund for transportation of school children to certain: (1) apprenticeship programs; (2) career and technical education programs; (3) modern youth apprenticeships; and (4) work based learning courses.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Dissolution or name change of town.. Description: Dissolution or name change of town. Establishes the following procedure for dissolving a town or changing the name of a town: (1) Requires at least 5% of the registered voters of the town to file a petition for town dissolution or name change with the county auditor. (2) Requires the county commissioners to hold a hearing on a petition. (3) Requires approval of a public question by the town's voters by an affirmative vote of at least 2/3 of the voters voting on the public question. Provides, in the case of a town dissolution, for disposition of funds, property, and records of a dissolved town. Repeals statutes relating to: (1) town dissolutions; and (2) changing the name of a town.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Landlocked property.. Description: Landlocked property. Defines "landlocked property" as real property that has been shut off from all public highways as a result of the vacation of one or more public highways. Provides that if an action of the state, or an agency or political subdivision of the state, causes real property to become landlocked property, the county assessor of the county in which the landlocked property is located must assess the value of the landlocked property at zero for as long as the property qualifies as landlocked property if the property owner files an affidavit stating that the property does not have access to any public highway.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Annexation.. Description: Annexation. With certain exceptions, requires a municipality that initiates an annexation to file with the court an annexation petition approved by the signatures of: (1) at least 51% of the owners of non-tax exempt land in the annexation territory; or (2) the owners of at least 75% in assessed valuation of non-tax exempt land in the annexation territory. Requires the court to hold a hearing if the petition has enough signatures. Adds provisions for determining the validity of signatures. Eliminates the following: (1) Remonstrances and remonstrance waivers. (2) Reimbursement of remonstrator's attorney's fees and costs. (3) Adoption of a fiscal plan for voluntary annexations requested by 100% of landowners in the annexation territory. (4) Settlement agreements in lieu of annexation. (5) Provisions regarding contiguity of a public highway.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring State Representative Karlee D. Macer.. Description: Honoring State Representative Karlee D. Macer.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Child caring institutions and group homes.. Description: Child caring institutions and group homes. Requires specified  types of residential child care facilities to: (1) implement specified personnel policies, including with regard to: (A) minimum qualifications for specified employee classifications; and (B) maintenance of personnel records; (2) comply with specified restrictions on caseloads; (3) obtain specified health records, immunizations, and examinations for each child under the facility's care; and (4) follow specified processes in providing medical care for children in the facility's care, including with regard to administering psychotropic medications. Provides that certain individuals at least 18 years of age but less than 21 years of age are included in the definitions for "child", "child abuse or neglect", and "victim of child abuse or neglect". Makes conforming and technical changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Crimes and election workers.. Description: Crimes and election workers. Defines "election worker" and makes it a Level 6 felony under certain circumstances to: (1) threaten an election worker; or (2) to obstruct, interfere with, or injure an election worker.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Reunification plan for a child in need of services.. Description: Reunification plan for a child in need of services. Amends the circumstances under which reasonable efforts to reunify a child with the child's parent, guardian, or custodian or preserve a child's family are not required.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Compensation for victims of violent crime.. Description: Compensation for victims of violent crime. Amends definitions of emergency shelter care, motor vehicle, violent crime, and victim of a child sex crime. Changes out-of-pocket loss to out-of-pocket expenses. Provides that certain records obtained by the victim services division (division) of the criminal justice institute are to remain confidential. Provides that, where justice requires, the division may award compensation before an information or indictment is filed. Adds procedures for claim denial by the division. Provides that an award may not be made unless the claimant has incurred an out-of-pocket expense or loss of income that exceeds $100. Adds that the division may order the payment of compensation for reasonable, documented expenses that were incurred within 180 days of the violent crime. Provides that the director may extend the 180 days to two years for mental health counseling. Requires written verification of all losses and expenses requested before making an award. Adds procedures for application denial and appeals. Repeals the law relating to payment of compensable losses, hearings concerning the merits of an application, decisions by a hearing officer, the reduction of awards, and appealing the findings of a hearing officer.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commission on court appointed attorneys.. Description: Commission on court appointed attorneys. Requires the justice reinvestment advisory council (council) to conduct a study on criminal indigency determinations by all Indiana trial courts. Requires the council to submit a report containing recommendations on specified topics to the legislative council before July 1, 2025. Changes the name of the Indiana public defender commission to the Indiana commission on court appointed attorneys (commission). Provides that from July 1, 2025, through June 30, 2029, certain counties may be reimbursed for 40% of indigent defense services provided for misdemeanors in a superior or circuit court. (Current law excludes misdemeanors from reimbursement.) Requires the commission to submit a report to the legislative council and the budget committee not later than December 1, 2029, concerning the 40% reimbursement for indigent defense services provided for misdemeanors. Requires each clerk of the court to make an annual report to the commission concerning certain fees. Changes the distribution of fees for indigent defendant representation. Increases certain fees if a court finds a person is able to pay the cost of representation by counsel. Prohibits the commission from: (1) receiving additional appropriations from the general assembly for misdemeanor reimbursement; or (2) reimbursing certain counties for misdemeanor reimbursement; before July 1, 2029. Provides that each court in certain counties receiving reimbursement from the public defense fund shall require a person claiming indigency to submit a uniform form, prescribed by the office of judicial administration, to assist the court in determining whether the person is indigent. Specifies that such courts shall review or designate a staff member to review the form submitted to ensure accuracy of the information contained in the form. Allows such a court to request any additional information needed from the person to verify the accuracy of the information submitted in the form.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Central bank digital currency.. Description: Central bank digital currency. Prohibits a governmental body (defined as the state or a state agency) from: (1) accepting payment made with a central bank digital currency; or (2) requiring payment to be made with a central bank digital currency; for any service, tax, license, permit, fee, information, or other amount due the governmental body. Prohibits an administrative branch governmental body (defined as an entity of the administrative branch of state government) from advocating for or supporting the testing, adoption, or implementation of a central bank digital currency by the United States government. Defines "central bank digital currency" for purposes of these provisions.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Citizenship and immigration status.. Description: Citizenship and immigration status. Provides that, if the attorney general determines probable cause exists, the attorney general, rather than any person lawfully domiciled in Indiana, shall bring an action to compel a governmental body or postsecondary educational institution to comply with statutes requiring cooperation with federal immigration officials. Requires a court to apply a preponderance of the evidence standard to enjoin the violation of those statutes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: County option property tax exemption.. Description: County option property tax exemption. Provides that a county fiscal body may adopt an ordinance to exempt mobile homes and manufactured homes located in the county from property taxation (exemption ordinance). Provides that for an annual assessment date in which an exemption ordinance is in effect, a county assessor shall not assess a mobile home or a manufactured home granted the property tax exemption. Specifies that the discretionary adoption of an exemption ordinance does not apply to mobile homes and manufactured homes that are assessed as: (1) inventory; or (2) real property; under the property tax laws and administrative rules. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Student use of wireless communication device.. Description: Student use of wireless communication device. Requires each school corporation and charter school to: (1) adopt and implement a wireless communication device policy that governs student use of a wireless communication device; and (2) publish the policy on the school corporation's or charter school's website.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Actions on deposit accounts.. Description: Actions on deposit accounts. Provides that an action upon a deposit account must be commenced not later than two years (instead of six years under current law) after the cause of action accrues, regardless of whether the action is brought by a depositor or a depository institution..
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Locating and recovering wild game.. Description: Locating and recovering wild game. Permits a person to use an unmanned aerial vehicle with infrared abilities to locate and recover a legally taken wild animal.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: State disaster relief fund.. Description: State disaster relief fund. Makes changes to the permissible uses for the state disaster relief fund (fund). Makes changes to the requirements for an eligible entity to receive financial assistance from the fund. Makes changes to the calculations used to determine the amount of financial assistance an eligible entity may receive from the fund. Increases, from $10,000 to $25,000, the amount of loss that may be compensated for damages to an individual's property. Repeals provisions that: (1) provide a definition of "public facility"; (2) provide limitations for an entity suffering multiple disaster emergencies; and (3) provide requirements for an application of an eligible entity that is an individual to obtain financial assistance from the fund.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Nonprofit loan center loans for state employees.. Description: Nonprofit loan center loans for state employees. Provides that not later than: (1) September 1, 2024, in the case of a state agency other than a state educational institution or a school corporation; (2) September 1, 2025, in the case of a state agency that is a state educational institution; or (3) September 1, 2026, in the case of a state agency that is a school corporation; a state agency shall partner with each nonprofit loan center (NLC) operating in Indiana to become a participating employer in the NLC's nonprofit loan center program (NLC program) by offering voluntary payroll deductions for eligible full-time employees to make payments toward the balance of a nonprofit loan center loan (NLC loan) made by a nonprofit loan center lender (NLC lender). Provides that after becoming a participating employer in an NLC program, a state agency shall allow an eligible employee to: (1) voluntarily request and establish payroll deductions for an NLC loan at any time; and (2) revoke the employee's authorization for payroll deductions for an NLC loan at any time; including any time that falls outside a designated open enrollment period for employee benefits. Defines an "NLC loan" as a loan that meets certain requirements with respect to the principal amount, loan term, finance charge, authorized fees, method of repayment, and other loan terms. Authorizes the state comptroller to authorize the electronic transfer of funds from the state treasury to a designated NLC lender in payment of an NLC loan on behalf of an eligible employee who has voluntarily given the state comptroller written authorization, through the eligible employee's employing state agency, to make the transfer. Specifies that: (1) a loan made under the bill's provisions; or (2) a person that makes a loan under the bill's provisions; is subject to the requirements of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code chapter governing consumer loans. Provides that a depository institution may make a loan under the same terms and conditions that apply with respect to a nonprofit loan center loan to an employee of: (1) a state agency; or (2) any other employer; as long as the loan is made in compliance with any applicable law. Allows a wage assignment to be made for the purpose of making payment to a depository institution in repayment of a loan that is made to the employee by the depository institution under the same terms and conditions that apply with respect to an NLC loan. Authorizes the electronic transfer of funds from the state treasury on behalf of an employee of a state agency in payment of a loan made by a depository institution to the employee under the same terms and conditions that apply to an NLC loan.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: State educational institution matters.. Description: State educational institution matters. Amends the duties of state educational institutions' diversity committees. Provides that certain offices or individuals established or employed by a state educational institution (institution) regarding diversity programming must include within the mission of the office or position programming that substantially promotes both cultural and intellectual diversity. Establishes various requirements and restrictions for institutions regarding free inquiry, free expression, and intellectual diversity that does the following: (1) Requires the establishment of certain policies regarding: (A) disciplinary actions for certain persons that materially and substantially disrupt protected expressive activity; (B) limiting or restricting the granting of tenure or a promotion if certain conditions related to free inquiry, free expression, and intellectual diversity are not met; and (C) disciplinary actions that will be taken if, after a review, a determination has been made that a tenured faculty member has failed to meet certain criteria related to free inquiry, free expression, and intellectual diversity. (2) Requires the review and consideration, at least every five years, of certain criteria related to free inquiry, free expression, and intellectual diversity. (3) Requires the establishment of a procedure that allows students and employees to submit complaints that a faculty member or contractor is not meeting certain criteria related to free inquiry, free expression, and intellectual diversity and establishes requirements regarding the procedure and submitted complaints. (4) Establishes consideration requirements before an institution renews an employment agreement or other contract with, makes a bonus decision regarding, or completes a review or performance assessment of a faculty member or contractor. (5) Prohibits requiring an applicant, employee, or contractor to pledge allegiance to or make a statement of personal support for: (A) certain policies or actions; or (B) political or ideological movements. (6) Establishes restrictions regarding awarding admission, enrollment, employment, benefits, hiring, reappointment, promotion, or granting tenure to an applicant, employee, or contractor on the basis of the viewpoints expressed in a submitted pledge or statement. (7) Requires certain information be included in an institution's programming for new students. (8) Requires the adoption of a statement on neutrality that makes a distinction between the official positions of an institution from the individual viewpoints of the institution's employees, contractors, students, and alumni. (9) Allows the commission for higher education (commission) to establish a survey that attempts to collect information from students regarding the current perceptions of whether free speech and academic freedom are recognized and fostered by an institution in a manner that welcomes expression of different opinions and ideologies and requires an institution to promote and provide the survey to students. (10) Establishes various reporting requirements by institutions or the commission concerning complaints submitted regarding faculty members or contractors who are not meeting certain criteria related to free inquiry, free expression, and intellectual diversity. (11) Provides that certain individuals may request the commission to review a final decision by an institution concerning a violation of these provisions. Provides that the commission may enter into an agreement with the office of administrative law proceedings to review violations of certain provisions and issue an opinion on behalf of the commission. Requires each institution to submit certain information by September 1, 2024, and on September 1 of each year thereafter.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Collaborative brewing.. Description: Collaborative brewing. Allows a small brewery to manufacture beer for another small brewery if certain requirements are met.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Environmental matters.. Description: Environmental matters. Authorizes the department of environmental management (department) to use electronic means to deliver mail communications, send or publish notices, accept notices and permit applications, provide access to documents for public comment, and store documents for future access.  Authorizes the use of  electronic communications in proceedings involving regional water, sewage, and solid waste districts. Requires the IDEM to make a determination concerning prior approval for the construction or expansion of a biomass anaerobic digestion facility or biomass gasification facility not more than 90 days after the date on which the department receives the completed application. Eliminates a provision of law stating that a person constructing or expanding a biomass anaerobic digestion facility or a biomass gasification facility is not required to obtain the prior approval of the department if air pollution control permit requirements apply to the facility.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Excellence in civic engagement designation and school meetings.. Description: Excellence in civic engagement designation and school meetings. Requires the department of education (department), in collaboration with the commission for higher education and subject to the approval of the state board, to establish an excellence in civic engagement designation. Requires the department to develop recommendations for an excellence in civics education designation for schools. Provides that the public hearing required before a school employer and school employee may privately negotiate certain matters may take place at a regular or special meeting of the school's governing body.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Provides that the Indiana school for the blind and visually impaired board shall give preference to a candidate for the chief executive officer position who meets the qualifications for an Indiana teacher's certificate in the area of visual impairment disabilities, but shall not require a candidate for the chief executive officer position to meet the qualifications for an Indiana teacher's certificate in the area of visual impairment disabilities. Provides that, subject to approval by the Indiana school for the deaf board, the Indiana school for the deaf may partner with an existing nonprofit corporation to benefit the purposes of the school. Provides that the public meeting that must be held before a contract for employment is entered into by a governing body and a school superintendent may take place at a regular or special meeting of the governing body and does not have to happen at least seven days before the contract is entered into. Prohibits a teacher preparation program from using curriculum or content that is based on the three-cueing model. Provides that if only one new member is elected to the board of the governing body, a governing body may enter into a contract with a superintendent after the election. Repeals the primetime program. Amends the Indiana student enrichment grant program. Repeals provisions regarding the primetime program.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Student mental health resources.. Description: Student mental health resources. Requires the department of education, in consultation with the office of the secretary of family and social services, to approve and make available student mental health resources for certain schools. Requires the governing body of a school corporation or the equivalent authority for a charter school to publish and publicly post the approved student mental health resources.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Medicare supplement insurance.. Description: Medicare supplement insurance. Provides that after December 31, 2024, an issuer that makes a Medicare supplement policy or certificate available to persons at least 65 years of age must make the equivalent policy or certificate available to an individual under 65 years of age who is eligible for Medicare because of having a federally defined disability or end stage renal disease. (Under current law, an issuer that makes a Medicare supplement policy or certificate available to persons at least 65 years of age is required only to make a Plan A policy or certificate available to individuals under 65 years of age, and is required to make the Plan A policy or certificate available to an individual under 65 years of age who is eligible for Medicare because of having a federally defined disability but is not required to make the Plan A policy or certificate available to an individual under 65 years of age who is eligible for Medicare because of having end stage renal disease.) Provides that if an individual who is less than 65 years of age, who is eligible for Medicare because of having a federally defined disability or end stage renal disease, and who meets certain conditions as to application timeliness applies for a Medicare supplement policy or certificate, the issuer of the policy or certificate is prohibited from: (1) denying or conditioning the issuance or effectiveness of the individual's policy or certificate; (2) charging the individual a premium rate for a policy or certificate standardized as Plan A, B, or D that exceeds the premium rate the issuer charges an individual who is 65 years of age; (3) charging the individual a premium rate for any other standardized lettered policy or certificate that exceeds 200% of the premium rate the issuer charges an individual who is 65 years of age; or (4) issuing to the individual a policy or certificate that contains a waiting period or a preexisting condition limitation or exclusion. Provides for the expiration of Code provisions that would be superseded by the new requirements applying to issuers of Medicare supplement policies or certificates.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Agriculture and pesticides.. Description: Agriculture and pesticides. Requires the dean of agriculture of Purdue University to submit certain annual reports to the legislative council and the budget committee as well as to the governor. Makes several changes in the laws concerning pesticides and pesticide use and application. Adds and revises definitions of terms used in those laws. Provides for the adoption of certain pesticide requirements and standards set forth in federal regulations as state requirements and standards. Makes changes concerning who may use certain pesticides and the circumstances under which the pesticides may be used. Authorizes the state chemist to enter a premises to access copies of records but allows the person holding records to defer the state chemist's access for up to ten days. Provides that the state chemist may enter public or private or property to investigate conditions possibly resulting from pesticide use only if the state chemist has reasonable suspicion of a violation. Requires the state chemist, in a proceeding involving multiple counts of repeated incidents of the same violation, to limit the imposition of a civil penalty to five counts. Provides that any findings related to a violation must be disclosed to the alleged violator before a penalty is assessed. Provides that, absent evidence of wrongdoing by the licensed pesticide business, any citation or civil penalty for a violation by an employee of a licensed pesticide business must be directed to the employee or the employee's supervisor instead of to the licensed pesticide business. Establishes requirements for individuals applying to become registered technicians. Establishes record keeping requirements for registered pesticide dealers, commercial applicators, and private applicators. Establishes restrictions and requirements concerning the application of pesticides on school property and pesticide use in a wellhead protection area. Sets forth acts for which the state chemist may impose a civil penalty or deny, suspend, or revoke a license, permit, or registration, including the application of a pesticide in a manner that allows it to drift from the target site, distributing a restricted use pesticide to a noncertified end user, and storing or disposing of a pesticide in violation of U.S. Environmental Protection Agency requirements.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Religious exemption from worker's compensation.. Description: Religious exemption from worker's compensation. Provides an exemption from worker's compensation and occupational diseases coverage for a member of certain religious sects or a division of a religious sect who meets certain requirements and obtains a certificate of exemption (certificate) from the worker's compensation board (board). Provides that if certain information about an individual who holds a certificate is no longer true: (1) the individual and the individual's employer must take certain steps; and (2) the certificate is no longer effective. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Financial institutions and consumer credit.. Description: Financial institutions and consumer credit. Provides that a reference to federal law in: (1) the first lien mortgage lending act; (2) the Uniform Consumer Credit Code; or (3) the Indiana Code title governing financial institutions; is a reference to the law as in effect December 31, 2023 (rather than December 31, 2022, under current law). Amends Indiana Code provisions concerning accounting practices for credit unions to reflect a new accounting standard that replaces the allowance for loan and lease losses accounting methodology with the allowance for credit losses methodology, as required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Establishes a new chapter in the Indiana Code article containing general provisions with respect to financial institutions to require corporations (defined as certain financial institutions organized or reorganized under Indiana law) to notify the director of the department of financial institutions of a reportable cyber incident or notification incident in accordance with the same procedures required by the corporation's federal supervisory authority or federal insurer.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: State board of accounts.. Description: State board of accounts. Limits the authority of the director of the special investigations department to investigations involving public monies that are the subject of financial examinations undertaken by the state board. Provides that an internal audit or risk assessment conducted by or on behalf of the state shall remain confidential, and that the state and other individuals may not divulge information related to an internal audit or risk assessment unless required to do so in accordance with a judicial order. Provides an exception allowing the state and other individuals to divulge information related to an internal audit or risk assessment to: (1) the state examiner; (2) the director of the office of management and budget; (3) an external auditor, in accordance with professional auditing standards; or (4) any other individual for any reason that constitutes good cause as determined by the state examiner and approved by the director of the office of management and budget. Provides that if a majority of a governing body is present during an exit conference, or any conference initiated by the state examiner to discuss an examination status, the governing body shall be considered in an executive session.
Removes a mandatory requirement that city clerks attend the annual training institute conducted by the state board of accounts. Limits the requirement that certain newly elected or appointed local officers complete five hours of approved training courses before the individual first takes office to only individuals first elected or appointed to the office of clerk-treasurer or city controller (and excluding city clerk). Requires an individual elected to the office of county auditor to annually certify completion of the individual's training requirements and file the certification with the state board.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Automobile dealers.. Description: Automobile dealers. Amends the remedy procedure to repair a motor vehicle that is subject to a stop sale directive to include new motor vehicles. Requires a purchaser, customer, or transferee of a rebuilt or salvage vehicle to sign a written acknowledgment of receipt of the disclosure for a rebuilt or salvage vehicle. Requires the dealer services division of the secretary of state (secretary) to prescribe the form of the written disclosure for a rebuilt or salvage vehicle. Establishes a required training course that an applicant for a used motor vehicle dealer license must complete in order to obtain a used motor vehicle dealer license. Requires dealers to be able to provide to the secretary dealer records in an electronic format. Provides that a dealer has 10 business days to produce electronic dealer records after an investigating or auditing employee of the secretary requests the records. Requires any item that is not a part of the advertised sale price of a motor vehicle to be a separate line item in the contract for sale or lease. Provides that: (1) the owner, lessor, or operator of a commercial motor vehicle; or (2) a person who leases or rents a commercial motor vehicle to another person; is not civilly liable for a tort claim based on the failure to install optional equipment on a commercial motor vehicle unless certain circumstances exist.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Construction workforce task force.. Description: Construction workforce task force. Establishes the building Indiana's construction workforce task force (task force). Establishes quorum and voting rules for the task force. Provides that the task force is otherwise subject to the law governing study committees and the policies and rules of the legislative council. Specifies topics for the task force to review. Provides that the task force expires December 31, 2027.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Exchange of insurance information after accident.. Description: Exchange of insurance information after accident. Provides that a law enforcement officer present at the scene of an accident shall ensure that each operator complies with the duties required of an operator of a motor vehicle after an accident regardless of the apparent extent of the total property damage resulting from the accident.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Attorney's fees.. Description: Attorney's fees. Increases: (1) the amount of attorney's fees that may be incurred by an offeror to $250 per hour; and (2) the total amount of attorney's fees, costs, and expenses that may be awarded to not more than $5,000; with respect to a qualified settlement offer.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various tax matters.. Description: Various tax matters. Amends the economic threshold for sales tax nexus to remove the number of sales transactions in the state as one of the two current triggers that require retail merchants to collect and remit sales tax. Allows a retail merchant that receives 75% or more of its receipts from the sale of prepared food to elect to claim a sales tax exemption on transactions involving electricity equal to 50% of the tax imposed on the transactions. Makes certain changes to statutes of limitations provisions. Requires sheriffs to transfer funds collected through executions of tax warrants twice a month electronically through the department of state revenue (department) payment portal. Specifies that the service of process fee for postjudgment service can only be assessed one time per case. Authorizes the department to disclose a taxpayer's name and other personal identification information with a tax preparer or tax preparation software provider in cases where the department suspects that a fraudulent return has been filed on behalf of a taxpayer and that the system of a taxpayer's previous year tax preparer or tax preparation software provider has been breached. Specifies the pass through entity tax liability for pass through entities in certain circumstances. Repeals an outdated provision that requires an owner of a truck stop to obtain a license from the department. Reorganizes certain retail merchant certificate provisions. Makes clarifying and technical changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Statewide 911 system.. Description: Statewide 911 system. Removes references to "enhanced 911 service". Increases the penalty for false informing if the false report is that a person is dangerous and certain other circumstances exist. Changes references from the "enhanced prepaid wireless charge" to the "911 service prepaid wireless charge". Provides that information relating to security measures or precautions used to secure the statewide 911 system may be excepted from public disclosure at the discretion of the statewide 911 board. Makes changes to or repeals certain definitions relating to the state 911 system. Provides that all originating service providers that provide 911 service for their customers: (1) shall connect to the state 911 system using an industry standard or functional equivalent; and (2) must establish and maintain the connection in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements requiring service continuity and ensure access to public safety assistance.Provides that an emergency communications center included in the definition of PSAP may not be construed to create an additional PSAP. Makes a technical correction. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Certified community behavioral health clinics.. Description: Certified community behavioral health clinics. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services and the division of mental health and addiction to include each community mental health center that meets certain requirements in: (1) the community mental health services demonstration program (program), if Indiana is approved to participate in the program and as a state plan amendment for specified reimbursement after the program; or (2) if Indiana is not approved to participate in the program, a Medicaid state plan amendment or waiver to allow for Medicaid reimbursement for eligible certified community behavioral health clinic services by certain Medicaid providers.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Indiana 4-H's work to advance positive youth development in the state.. Description: Recognizing Indiana 4-H's work to advance positive youth development in the state. Recognizing Indiana 4-H's work to advance positive youth development in the state.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Disaster emergency.. Description: Disaster emergency. Provides that a state of disaster emergency declared by the governor: (1) that applies to the entire state may not continue for more than 60 days unless a renewal is authorized by the general assembly; and (2) that only applies to part of the state may not continue for more than 30 days unless renewed by the governor. Provides that the renewal of a statewide disaster emergency authorized by the general assembly may continue for not more than 60 days. Specifies that if a state of disaster emergency that applies to the entire state has ended, the governor may not call a new state of disaster emergency that applies to the entire state unless the new disaster is wholly unrelated to the earlier disaster. Defines "wholly unrelated".
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Innkeeper's tax.. Description: Innkeeper's tax. Authorizes Jefferson County to impose its innkeeper's tax at a rate of 8% (instead of 5% under current law). Provides that, if the tax rate is increased to more than 5%, the portion of the tax rate that exceeds 5% expires on December 31, 2045. Authorizes Elkhart County to impose its innkeeper's tax at a rate of 8% (instead of 5% under current law). Provides that, if the tax rate is increased to more than 5%, the portion of the tax rate that exceeds 5% expires on December 31, 2045. Authorizes Knox County to impose its innkeeper's tax at a rate of 8% (instead of 6% under current law). Provides that, if the tax rate is increased to more than 6%, the portion of the tax rate that exceeds 6% expires on December 31, 2045.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Public safety.. Description: Public safety. Provides that a person who knowingly, intentionally, or recklessly operates a vehicle in a repeated or continuous manner with the intent of causing a rotational skid commits reckless driving, a Class B misdemeanor, and increases the penalty if certain circumstances apply. Specifies that a person may request specialized driving privileges even after the initial hearing. Specifies that a vehicle used to commit reckless driving involving a rotational skid or obstruction of traffic involving a rotational skid is subject to seizure for purposes of civil forfeiture if the person has a prior unrelated conviction for the offense. Increases the penalty for resisting law enforcement to a Level 5 felony if a person operates a vehicle in a manner that creates a substantial risk of bodily injury to another person. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Taking bobcats.. Description: Taking bobcats. Requires the department of natural resources to establish and implement a season to take bobcats not later than July 1, 2025.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Assessment of wetlands classified as wildlands.. Description: Assessment of wetlands classified as wildlands. Provides that a parcel of land that: (1) is at least 1/2 of an acre in size; and (2) contains wetlands, as delineated by a person certified in wetland delineation; may be classified as wildlands for purposes of property tax assessment.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Water and wastewater utility infrastructure.. Description: Water and wastewater utility infrastructure. Amends the statute concerning the acquisition by a utility company of a water or wastewater utility to provide that if: (1) the appraised value of the utility property to be acquired does not exceed $3,000,000; and (2) the purchase price for the utility property is less than the appraised value of the utility property; the acquiring utility company may submit to the Indiana utility regulatory agency (IURC) a filing under a procedure, based on the procedures set forth in the IURC's rules governing 30 day administrative filings, to include in the acquiring utility company's rate base specified costs associated with the acquisition. Sets forth certain information that must be included in an acquiring utility company's filing. Provides that if the IURC approves an acquiring utility company's filing, the IURC: (1) may only authorize that: (A) the full purchase price; and (B) estimated: (i) incidental expenses; and (ii) other costs of acquisition; be recorded as the acquiring utility company's net original cost of acquisition; and (2) shall provide that any estimated: (i) incidental expenses; and (ii) other costs of the acquisition; are subject to a reasonableness review as part of the acquiring utility company's next base rate case. Adds language specifying that the Indiana Code chapter that governs the transfer, acquisition, and improvement of utilities by municipalities applies to a municipally owned natural gas utility (in addition to a municipally owned electric, water, wastewater, or combined water and wastewater utility).
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Child safety requirements for off-road vehicles.. Description: Child safety requirements for off-road vehicles. Provides that an individual less than 18 years of age is not required to wear a helmet while operating or riding on an off-road vehicle if certain requirements are met. Provides that a person may not knowingly authorize or permit an individual less than 18 years of age to operate or ride on an off-road vehicle in violation of the statute providing helmet requirements for off-road vehicle operators.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Notice publication.. Description: Notice publication. Changes the qualifications required for a newspaper to publish legal notices as follows: (1) A newspaper must have been published for 12 consecutive months (instead of three years). (2) A newspaper must have had an average paid circulation during the preceding year of at least 500 (instead of 200) that may include the number of website page views reported by a website's host provider. (Current law only includes the average requested or paid circulation as reported in the United States Postal Service Statement of Ownership.) Requires a locality newspaper to have been published for 12 consecutive months (instead of three years) to be eligible to publish legal notices. Requires a paid circulation threshold for a newspaper published in a county of 2% of the county population. Makes technical corrections.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Lake Michigan rescue equipment.. Description: Lake Michigan rescue equipment. Requires the owner of a pier or public access site on Lake Michigan to install public rescue equipment, including at least one ring life buoy, on the pier or public access site. Establishes requirements concerning ring life buoys installed on piers and public access sites. Provides that the end of the buoy line must not be secured to the shore. Requires a unit of local government that owns one or more piers or public access sites on Lake Michigan, at least twice per year, to publish on the unit's website a report on lakefront drownings that occur within 50 feet of the unit's piers or public access sites. Provides that if more than one fatal drowning occurs not more than 50 feet from a particular pier or public access site in a span of five years, the owner of the pier or public access site shall: (1) disseminate in the area of the pier or public access site a water safety plan pertaining to the pier or public access site; and (2) upgrade the public rescue equipment installed on the pier or public access site, such as by installing equipment that automatically contacts the local 911 service in an emergency.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Absenteeism and school attendance.. Description: Absenteeism and school attendance. Amends the duties of an attendance officer and the state attendance officer. Requires, not later than November 1 of each year, the state attendance officer to submit a report to the legislative council containing recommended legislation based on the state attendance officer's discussions with attendance officers. Requires each governing authority of a school corporation and charter school to establish a truancy prevention policy regarding certain students in kindergarten through grade 6. Provides that a prosecuting attorney shall notify each parent of a child when an affidavit is filed regarding the child's compulsory attendance violations or if the child is a habitual truant.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Fiscal matters.. Description: Fiscal matters. Provides that money in the attorney general contingency fee fund is continuously appropriated and is not subject to allotment. Reinstates provisions concerning meetings of the budget committee. Provides that money in the high tech crimes unit fund is continuously appropriated for purposes of the fund. Allows the Indiana economic development corporation (IEDC) to designate territory located in an existing allocation area as an innovation development district if certain conditions are met. Removes the sunset provision for when the IEDC may designate an innovation development district. Provides that if an existing allocation area is located in territory subsequently designated as an innovation development district, property tax increment revenue continues to be allocated to the existing allocation area and provides that the allocation area may not be renewed or extended until the term of the innovation development district expires. Extends the funding Indiana's roads for a stronger, safer tomorrow task force for one additional year. Provides that transfers may not be made by the budget agency, the state board of finance, or any entity from any source to the Indiana gaming commission without prior budget committee review. Provides that certain appropriations from the state gaming fund in the most recent biennial budget act may not be augmented. Amends certain language in the Medicaid oversight committee provisions in House Enrolled Act 1026.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Neighborhood and individual development incentives.. Description: Neighborhood and individual development incentives. Defines a "community based organization" as a private, nonprofit corporation whose board of directors is comprised of business, civic, and community leaders, and whose principal purpose includes the provision of low income housing. (Current law limits administration, through a financial institution, of an account to community development corporations.) Provides that: (1) the first $1,500 (rather than $800) is eligible for a state deposit in an individual's account; (2) the allocation, for each account that has been established, for not more than five years, is $3 for each $1 of the first $1,500 (rather than the first $400) an individual deposited into the individual's account; and (3) the amount of the allocation may not exceed $4,500 (rather than $2,400) for each account. Makes various changes to the administration of and procedure for claiming the neighborhood assistance tax credit and the individual development account tax credit. Removes a reference to an obsolete tax.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Establishes limitations regarding the lease of school property. Amends the enrollment threshold regarding when a school building is considered underutilized. Makes changes regarding requiring (instead of allowing) a school building to be closed or made available for lease or purchase. Provides that school corporations that meet certain requirements regarding sharing operating referendum tax levy and school safety referendum tax levy revenue are not subject to the transfer of vacant school building provisions. Provides that no resolution, referenda, or distributed revenue prior to May 10, 2023, are effective to provide exemption from the transfer of vacant school building provisions. Exempts school corporations that have had a designation as a distressed political subdivision within the previous three years from the transfer of vacant school building provisions. Establishes additional requirements regarding notice, determinations, and appeals under the transfer of vacant school building provisions. Amends requirements with regard to: (1) bringing a civil action to enforce a final order to make a covered school building available for purchase or lease; (2) the time frame for which a school building must be used; and (3) transferring a school building back to a school corporation. Provides that, if a school corporation transfers a covered school building in violation of the transfer of vacant school building provisions, the transfer is void and allows for a court action with the award of attorney's fees. Changes certain formulas to reference property tax levies collected (current law references property tax levies imposed). Requires the commission for higher education to: (1) study and make recommendations; and (2) submit a report; regarding allowing Ivy Tech Community College to award bachelor's degrees and Vincennes University to offer additional programs that lead to a bachelor's degree. Makes conforming changes.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Munster Police Chief Stephen Scheckel for 35 years of service.. Description: Congratulating Munster Police Chief Stephen Scheckel for 35 years of service. Congratulating Munster Police Chief Stephen Scheckel for 35 years of service.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating R. Louie Gonzalez on his retirement.. Description: Congratulating R. Louie Gonzalez on his retirement. Congratulating R. Louie Gonzalez on his retirement.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Biomarker testing coverage.. Description: Biomarker testing coverage. Requires a health plan (which includes a policy of accident and sickness insurance, a health maintenance organization contract, the Medicaid risk based managed care program, and a state employee health plan) to provide coverage for biomarker testing for the purposes of diagnosis, treatment, appropriate management, or ongoing monitoring of an enrollee's disease or condition when biomarker testing is supported by medical and scientific evidence. Requires the office of Medicaid policy and planning to provide biomarker testing as a Medicaid program service, and to apply to the United States Department of Health and Human Services for approval of any waiver necessary under the federal Medicaid program for the purpose of providing biomarker testing. Provides that coverage is not required for biomarker testing for screening purposes. Provides that if a prior authorization requirement applies to biomarker testing, the health plan or a third party acting on behalf of the health plan must: (1) approve or deny a request for prior authorization; and (2) notify the covered individual of the approval or denial; in not more than five business days in the case of a nonurgent request or in not more than 48 hours in the case of an urgent request. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to report certain information to the budget committee on Medicaid reimbursement rates provided for biomarker testing.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Pension matters.. Description: Pension matters. Provides that a state employee may affirmatively elect to enroll in the deferred compensation plan prior to the auto enroll date on day 31 of the state employee's employment. Removes a provision that sets a maximum employer surcharge for the legislators' defined benefit plan, state excise police, gaming agent, gaming control officer, and conservation enforcement officers' retirement plan, public employees' retirement fund, and Indiana state teachers' retirement fund (fund). Requires the board of trustees of the Indiana public retirement system (board) to develop the technological and administrative capabilities sufficient to categorize fund members into separate groups in which: (1) certain members receive a service based thirteenth check; and (2) certain members receive a cost of living adjustment. Requires the board to set the surcharge rates at a level to actuarially prefund: (1) annual indexed thirteenth checks for all current retired members and beneficiaries retired before July 1, 2025; and (2) 1% annual cost of living adjustments to future in-payment members and beneficiaries retired on or after July 1, 2025. Provides that the board shall not reduce the surcharge rates from the prior year. Allows the board to increase the surcharge rates by not more than 0.1% of payroll from the prior year. Requires certain political subdivisions to present to the interim study committee on pension management oversight regarding a delinquent employee retirement plan offered by the political subdivision. Requires, effective July 1, 2025, the trustee of the state police pension trust to maintain a supplemental allowance reserve account for the purpose of paying postretirement benefit adjustments. Increases the maximum date that a member or participant of certain retirement funds can participate in the deferred retirement option plan from 36 to 60 months. Requires the member or participant to notify their employer if the member or participant elects to enter or extend the deferred retirement option plan.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the late Phil Steigerwald.. Description: Honoring the late Phil Steigerwald. Honoring the late Phil Steigerwald.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Consumer genetic testing providers.. Description: Consumer genetic testing providers. Provides that a person may not discriminate against an individual on the basis of the individual's solicitation and use of consumer genetic testing services or on the basis of the results of genetic testing performed by a provider of consumer genetic testing services (provider). Requires a provider to disclose specified information to an individual who submits biological material to the provider for genetic testing. Prohibits a provider that performs, or causes to be performed, genetic testing on an individual's biological material from: (1) taking specified actions with regard to: (A) the biological material; or (B) data resulting from genetic testing performed on the biological material; unless the provider has solicited and received the individual's consent to the action; or (2) providing data, other than deidentified data, resulting from genetic testing performed on the individual's biological material to: (A) an insurer; (B) a business that provides information or data to insurers for the purposes of underwriting or rating of risks; or (C) the individual's employer. Imposes requirements on a provider with respect to: (1) controlling access to an individual's biological material and data; (2) complying with the individual's revocation of consent with regard to the individual's biological material and data; and (3) marketing or advertising sent to the individual as a result of the individual's solicitation and use of the provider's genetic testing services or use of a website or other remote or virtual service associated with the provider's genetic testing services. Provides that a provider may not charge a fee for the provision of biological material or data resulting from genetic testing performed on biological material: (1) to a law enforcement agency on the basis of a search warrant; or (2) as required by a court order; that is more than the provider's actual cost of providing the material or data. Provides for enforcement of the bill's provisions by the attorney general.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Selection of poet laureate.. Description: Selection of poet laureate. Amends the membership of the poet laureate selection committee. Provides that the selection committee shall meet on a biennial basis or as needed. Provides that a person selected as poet laureate may serve one additional consecutive term. Amends the commission's payments for the poet laureate.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Requires each school corporation, charter school, and state accredited nonpublic elementary school to include cursive writing in its curriculum. Provides that a school corporation may include instruction regarding Internet safety in the school corporation's curriculum. Requires the department of education to develop, or approve previously developed, age appropriate curricula in Internet safety for use at multiple grade levels not later than July 1, 2025. Amends requirements regarding: (1) eligibility for career coaching grants; and (2) instruction on career awareness. Repeals a provision that provides that each school corporation may include cursive writing in the school corporation's curriculum.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Criminal justice data.. Description: Criminal justice data. Requires the Indiana criminal justice institute and the department of correction to collect and distribute certain criminal justice data.
In 2024, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Trespass.. Description: Trespass. Provides that a person commits trespass if the person does not have a contractual interest in the property and knowingly or intentionally enters or refuses to leave the property of another person after having been prohibited from entering or asked to leave the property by a law enforcement officer, if the officer was dispatched to the property after a person with a contractual interest in the property requested the presence of a law enforcement officer at the property.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Indiana economic development corporation.. Description: Indiana economic development corporation. Provides for appointment to the board of the Indiana economic development corporation (IEDC) of two nonvoting, advisory members who are members of the general assembly. Requires the IEDC, before purchasing land in a county that exceeds 100 acres, to first give notice to the county or municipality, or both, in which the land is located not later than 30 days before the closing date for the purchase. Provides that a school corporation that receives a transfer of incremental property tax revenue from a local innovation development district fund may use those funds with no restrictions or specified uses.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Administrative rules.. Description: Administrative rules. Requires an agency to conduct a regulatory analysis for certain proposed rules, including if the implementation and compliance costs are at least $1,000,000. Requires the office of management and budget to notify the legislative council of certain proposed rules that have a fiscal impact of over $1,000,000 over the course of two years. Provides that certain proposed rules shall not be effective until the general assembly passes a bill authorizing the rule.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day.. Description: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Omega Phi Psi.. Description: Recognizing Omega Phi Psi. Recognizing Omega Phi Psi.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 10th annual Indiana Military and Veterans Legislative Day.. Description: Recognizing the 10th annual Indiana Military and Veterans Legislative Day. Recognizing the 10th annual Indiana Military and Veterans Legislative Day.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Designating February 2024 as American Heart Month and
to raise awareness about cardiovascular disease and the importance of knowing one's cholesterol.. Description: Designating February 2024 as American Heart Month and
to raise awareness about cardiovascular disease and the importance of knowing one's cholesterol. Designating February 2024 as American Heart Month and
to raise awareness about cardiovascular disease and the importance of knowing one's cholesterol.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.. Description: Honoring Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Honoring Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Senator Eddie Melton upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.. Description: Honoring Senator Eddie Melton upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate. A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Senator Eddie Melton upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring heroes in Firefighter Cancer Awareness Month.. Description: Honoring heroes in Firefighter Cancer Awareness Month. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring our current and fallen heroes in Firefighter Cancer Awareness Month.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 50th anniversary of the NCSL.. Description: Recognizing the 50th anniversary of the NCSL. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the 50th anniversary of the National Conference of State Legislatures.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Senator Jon Ford.. Description: Honoring Senator Jon Ford. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator Jon Ford upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Senator Chip Perfect.. Description: Honoring Senator Chip Perfect. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator Clyde "Chip" Perfect upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Indiana 4-H.. Description: Honoring Indiana 4-H. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Indiana 4-H and recognizing February 13, 2024, as Indiana 4-H Day at the Statehouse.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging Governor Holcomb to recognize September as Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month.. Description: Urging Governor Holcomb to recognize September as Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month. A SENATE RESOLUTION urging Governor Holcomb to recognize September as Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Indiana DOE and all Indiana schools to declare April 8, 2024, an e-learning day.. Description: Urging the Indiana DOE and all Indiana schools to declare April 8, 2024, an e-learning day. A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Education and all Indiana schools to declare Monday, April 8, 2024, an e-learning day for observance of the total solar eclipse.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring BWXT.. Description: Honoring BWXT. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring BWX Technologies, Inc. ("BWXT") on the 60th anniversary of its manufacturing facility in Mount Vernon, Indiana.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commemorating the Endangered Species Act.. Description: Commemorating the Endangered Species Act. A SENATE RESOLUTION commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Endangered Species Act.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Senator John Crane.. Description: Honoring Senator John Crane. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator John Crane upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the Warsaw Masonic Lodge #73.. Description: Celebrating the Warsaw Masonic Lodge #73. A SENATE RESOLUTION celebrating the 175th anniversary of Warsaw Masonic Lodge #73.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the 50th anniversary of the ADA.. Description: Honoring the 50th anniversary of the ADA. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the 50th anniversary of disability rights legislation culminating in the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA).
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the 2024 Senate Majority Caucus interns.. Description: Honoring the 2024 Senate Majority Caucus interns. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the 2024 Senate Majority Caucus interns and thanking them for their faithful service to the Indiana General Assembly.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing GIMA for their work on housing related policies.. Description: Recognizing GIMA for their work on housing related policies. A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize the Greater Indianapolis Multifaith Alliance (GIMA) for their advocacy and work on housing related policies.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Incorporated and Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated.. Description: Honoring Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Incorporated and Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Incorporated and Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated for their years of service and leadership in their communities.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Indiana School for the Blind and Visually Impaired.. Description: Honoring the Indiana School for the Blind and Visually Impaired. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the Indiana School for the Blind and Visually Impaired.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Memorializing Mark Boatwright.. Description: Memorializing Mark Boatwright. A SENATE RESOLUTION to memorialize the Honorable Mark "Tracy" Boatwright.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Second Presbyterian Church for their work on housing related programs.. Description: Recognizing Second Presbyterian Church for their work on housing related programs. A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize Second Presbyterian Church for their advocacy and work on housing related programs.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Indiana Senate employees.. Description: Recognizing the Indiana Senate employees. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the exceptional work and dedication of the Indiana Senate employees.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana Legislative Services Agency for its work and dedication.. Description: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana Legislative Services Agency for its work and dedication. A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing the sincere gratitude and appreciation of the Indiana Senate to the Indiana Legislative Services Agency for its tireless work and dedication during the Second Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty-Third General Assembly.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Medical Association and the Indiana Academy of Family Physicians for the "Doctor of the Day" program.. Description: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Medical Association and the Indiana Academy of Family Physicians for the "Doctor of the Day" program. A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing the Indiana State Senate's sincere appreciation to the Indiana State Medical Association and the Indiana Academy of Family Physicians for coordinating and operating the "Doctor of the Day" program and to the dedicated doctors who participated.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Chiropractic Association for the "Chiropractor of the Day" program.. Description: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Chiropractic Association for the "Chiropractor of the Day" program. A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Chiropractic Association for coordinating and operating the "Chiropractor of the Day" program at the Indiana Statehouse and to the dedicated chiropractors who participated.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expressing gratitude to Verizon Communications for supporting the Indiana General Assembly's legislative internship program.. Description: Expressing gratitude to Verizon Communications for supporting the Indiana General Assembly's legislative internship program. A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing gratitude to Verizon Communications for its role in promoting and supporting the Indiana General Assembly's legislative internship program and scholarships.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Castleton United Methodist Church for advocating for affordable housing, feeding the hungry, and reducing violence.. Description: Recognizing Castleton United Methodist Church for advocating for affordable housing, feeding the hungry, and reducing violence. A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize Castleton United Methodist Church (Castleton UMC) and Pastor Matt Landry for advocating for affordable housing, feeding the hungry, and reducing violence.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the 2024 Senate Democratic Caucus interns.. Description: Honoring the 2024 Senate Democratic Caucus interns. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring the 2024 Senate Democratic Caucus interns for their service during the Second Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty-Third Indiana General Assembly.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Town of Paragon's annual Homecoming Festival.. Description: Celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Town of Paragon's annual Homecoming Festival. A SENATE RESOLUTION celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Town of Paragon's annual Homecoming Festival.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the Town of Mooresville on its 200th Anniversary.. Description: Celebrating the Town of Mooresville on its 200th Anniversary. A SENATE RESOLUTION celebrating the Town of Mooresville, Indiana, on its 200th Anniversary.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing St. Luke's UMC's Creation Care ministry.. Description: Recognizing St. Luke's UMC's Creation Care ministry. A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize St. Luke's United Methodist Church's Creation Care ministry for their dedication to social justice, protecting the environment, and dismantling racism.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the Indiana Bond Bank.. Description: Celebrating the Indiana Bond Bank. A SENATE RESOLUTION to celebrate the 40th Anniversary of the Indiana Bond Bank.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Legislative Council to assign the topic of the impact of obesity on employers and the state economy.. Description: Urging the Legislative Council to assign the topic of the impact of obesity on employers and the state economy. A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the Legislative Council to assign to an appropriate study committee the topic of the impact of obesity on employers and the state economy.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Legislative Council to assign the topic of the effectiveness of awarding time off of sentences for individuals serving sentences at the Indiana DOC participating in the CPCT Program.. Description: Urging the Legislative Council to assign the topic of the effectiveness of awarding time off of sentences for individuals serving sentences at the Indiana DOC participating in the CPCT Program. A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the Legislative Council to assign to an appropriate study committee the topic of the effectiveness of awarding time off of sentences for individuals serving sentences at the Indiana Department of Corrections (DOC) participating in the Case Plan Credit Time (CPCT) Program.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the Huntington County Chamber of Commerce.. Description: Celebrating the Huntington County Chamber of Commerce. A SENATE RESOLUTION celebrating the 100th Anniversary of the Huntington County Chamber of Commerce.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Lanesville Junior-Senior High School girls basketball team.. Description: Congratulating the Lanesville Junior-Senior High School girls basketball team. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Lanesville Junior-Senior High School girls basketball team on winning the 2024 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 1A state championship title.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 2024 class of the Indiana State Bar Association's Leadership Development Academy.. Description: Recognizing the 2024 class of the Indiana State Bar Association's Leadership Development Academy. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the 2024 class of the Indiana State Bar Association's Leadership Development Academy.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Youth Council members.. Description: Recognizing Youth Council members. A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize Youth Council members Katie Bolduc, Evelyn Kemp, and Alina Jaradat.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the importance of Career and Technical Education.. Description: Recognizing the importance of Career and Technical Education. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the importance of Career and Technical Education.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 100th anniversary of diplomatic relations with Ireland.. Description: Recognizing the 100th anniversary of diplomatic relations with Ireland. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the 100th anniversary of the diplomatic relations between Ireland and the United States and celebrating the 2024 AISLC Summit in Dublin, Ireland.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Concerned Clergy.. Description: Recognizing the Concerned Clergy. A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize the Concerned Clergy of Indianapolis for their constant advocacy on behalf of the most vulnerable.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Martinsville Tabernacle Christian School girls basketball team.. Description: Congratulating the Martinsville Tabernacle Christian School girls basketball team. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Martinsville Tabernacle Christian School girls basketball team on winning the 2024 Indiana Association of Christian Schools ("IACS") state championship title.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Bishop Luers High School girls basketball team.. Description: Congratulating the Bishop Luers High School girls basketball team. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Bishop Luers High School girls basketball team on winning the Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Cirsti Fishback.. Description: Honoring Cirsti Fishback. A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Washington Township Schools Teacher of the Year Cirsti Fishback.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring David Carlow.. Description: Honoring David Carlow. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring David Carlow for 50 years of service to the City of Madison.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Cameron Todd.. Description: Honoring Cameron Todd. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring 2023 Indiana High School Athletic Association boys cross country champion Cameron Todd.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Indiana federal congressional delegation to support the Susan Muffley Act.. Description: Urging the Indiana federal congressional delegation to support the Susan Muffley Act. A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the Indiana federal congressional delegation to support the Susan Muffley Act.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: To allow the House of Representatives and the Senate of the 123rd Indiana General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the Second Regular Session.. Description: To allow the House of Representatives and the Senate of the 123rd Indiana General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the Second Regular Session. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to allow the House of Representatives and the Senate of the 123rd Indiana General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the Second Regular Session for periods in excess of three (3) consecutive days as the need, in the judgment of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, respectively, may arise.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the mile stretch of I-74 southeast of the Acton Road exit the "Deputy John Durm Memorial Mile".. Description: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the mile stretch of I-74 southeast of the Acton Road exit the "Deputy John Durm Memorial Mile". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the mile stretch of I-74 southeast of the Acton Road exit the "Deputy John Durm Memorial Mile".
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename that portion of State Road 32 from County Road 900 West to State Road 1 the "Kyle Osgood Memorial Mile".. Description: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename that portion of State Road 32 from County Road 900 West to State Road 1 the "Kyle Osgood Memorial Mile". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename that portion of State Road 32 from County Road 900 West to State Road 1 the "Kyle Osgood Memorial Mile".
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename that portion of U.S. Highway 52 between Davis Road and German Church Road the "Officer Breann Leath Memorial Mile".. Description: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename that portion of U.S. Highway 52 between Davis Road and German Church Road the "Officer Breann Leath Memorial Mile". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename that portion of U.S. Highway 52 between Davis Road and German Church Road the "Officer Breann Leath Memorial Mile".
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging INDOT to rename that portion of I-69 between the County Road 11A Exit and State Road 8, near mile marker 326, the "Master Trooper James R. Bailey Memorial Highway.. Description: Urging INDOT to rename that portion of I-69 between the County Road 11A Exit and State Road 8, near mile marker 326, the "Master Trooper James R. Bailey Memorial Highway. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename that portion of I-69 between the County Road 11A Exit and State Road 8, near mile marker 326, the "Master Trooper James R. Bailey Memorial Highway".
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: To convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana.. Description: To convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: To convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana.. Description: To convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing South Bend Police Officer Brian Meador.. Description: Recognizing South Bend Police Officer Brian Meador. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing South Bend Police Officer Brian Meador.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Asking for the support of every Hoosier to help reduce veteran suicide.. Description: Asking for the support of every Hoosier to help reduce veteran suicide. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION asking for the support of every Hoosier to help reduce veteran suicide.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing May as Mental Health Awareness Month and the work of Mental Health America.. Description: Recognizing May as Mental Health Awareness Month and the work of Mental Health America. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing May as Mental Health Awareness Month and the work of Mental Health America.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating 2023 Indiana Mr. Football Josh Ringer of East Central High School.. Description: Congratulating 2023 Indiana Mr. Football Josh Ringer of East Central High School. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating 2023 Indiana Mr. Football Josh Ringer of East Central High School.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Dylan Maxwell for winning the IHSAA 2023 Football State Mental Attitude Award.. Description: Congratulating Dylan Maxwell for winning the IHSAA 2023 Football State Mental Attitude Award. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Dylan Maxwell for winning the IHSAA 2023 Football State Mental Attitude Award.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Hoosier Women Artists program.. Description: Recognizing the Hoosier Women Artists program. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Hoosier Women Artists program.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Kelley Holdren.. Description: Honoring Kelley Holdren. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Kelley Holdren.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Hamilton Southeastern High School "We the People" team on winning the 2023 "We the People" state championship.. Description: Congratulating the Hamilton Southeastern High School "We the People" team on winning the 2023 "We the People" state championship. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Hamilton Southeastern High School "We the People" team on winning the 2023 "We the People" state championship.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Wednesday, February 14, 2024, as a day to honor the work and mission of the Indiana Region of the American Red Cross.. Description: Recognizing Wednesday, February 14, 2024, as a day to honor the work and mission of the Indiana Region of the American Red Cross. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Wednesday, February 14, 2024, as a day to honor the work and mission of the Indiana Region of the American Red Cross.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the seven Black mayors in Indiana.. Description: Recognizing the seven Black mayors in Indiana. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the seven Black mayors in Indiana.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the members of the South Bend Fire Department for their bravery and heroic actions while responding to a house fire.. Description: Honoring the members of the South Bend Fire Department for their bravery and heroic actions while responding to a house fire. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the members of the South Bend Fire Department for their bravery and heroic actions while responding to a house fire.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring volunteer firefighters with 50 years of service.. Description: Recognizing and honoring volunteer firefighters with 50 years of service. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring volunteer firefighters with 50 years of service.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Erin Atwood.. Description: Congratulating Erin Atwood. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Erin Atwood.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the members of the South Bend Fire Department for their bravery and heroic actions while responding to a house fire.. Description: Honoring the members of the South Bend Fire Department for their bravery and heroic actions while responding to a house fire. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the members of the South Bend Fire Department for their bravery and heroic actions while responding to a house fire.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing April as Parkinson's Awareness Month and April 11, 2024, as Parkinson's Awareness Day.. Description: Recognizing April as Parkinson's Awareness Month and April 11, 2024, as Parkinson's Awareness Day. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing April as Parkinson's Awareness Month and April 11, 2024, as Parkinson's Awareness Day.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Hallie Bryant on his 90th birthday.. Description: Recognizing Hallie Bryant on his 90th birthday. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Hallie Bryant on his 90th birthday.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Monroe Gray, Jr.. Description: Recognizing Monroe Gray, Jr. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Monroe Gray, Jr.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Angola High School marching band.. Description: Honoring the Angola High School marching band. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Angola High School marching band.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the 100th year anniversary of Riley Children's Health at Indiana University Health.. Description: Celebrating the 100th year anniversary of Riley Children's Health at Indiana University Health. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION celebrating the 100th year anniversary of Riley Children's Health at Indiana University Health.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing "Farmworker and Farmer Awareness Week" and the work of Proteus, Inc.. Description: Recognizing "Farmworker and Farmer Awareness Week" and the work of Proteus, Inc. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing "Farmworker and Farmer Awareness Week" and the work of Proteus, Inc.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Altrusa International of Muncie, Indiana, Inc., on its 100th anniversary.. Description: Congratulating Altrusa International of Muncie, Indiana, Inc., on its 100th anniversary. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Altrusa International of Muncie, Indiana, Inc., on its 100th anniversary.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the importance of the Indiana Farm Service Agency and its employees across the state of Indiana.. Description: Recognizing the importance of the Indiana Farm Service Agency and its employees across the state of Indiana. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the importance of the Indiana Farm Service Agency and its employees across the state of Indiana.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the USS Indianapolis (LCS 17) and its crew.. Description: Recognizing the USS Indianapolis (LCS 17) and its crew. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the ongoing military efforts of the USS Indianapolis (LCS 17) and its crew.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Ball State University County Ambassador Program.. Description: Honoring the Ball State University County Ambassador Program. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Ball State University County Ambassador Program and the inaugural cohort of student ambassadors.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Condemning religious persecution worldwide.. Description: Condemning religious persecution worldwide. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION condemning religious persecution worldwide.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the East Central H.S. football team.. Description: Congratulating the East Central H.S. football team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the East Central High School football team on winning the 2023 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 4A state championship title.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Kevin Brinegar.. Description: Honoring Kevin Brinegar. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Kevin Brinegar upon his retirement from the Indiana Chamber.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging INDOT to rename the bridge over I-70 and North College Avenue the "John Leslie 'Wes' Montgomery Memorial Bridge".. Description: Urging INDOT to rename the bridge over I-70 and North College Avenue the "John Leslie 'Wes' Montgomery Memorial Bridge". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename that portion of the I-65N bridge over I-70 and North College Avenue the "John Leslie 'Wes' Montgomery Memorial Bridge".
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Urging INDOT to rename a section of US 41 in Saint John the "Schilling Way".. Description: Urging INDOT to rename a section of US 41 in Saint John the "Schilling Way". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename a section of US 41 between West 93rd Avenue and West 109th Avenue in Saint John, Indiana, "Schilling Way".
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Urging INDOT to rename a section of SR 13 in Syracuse the "Benjamin Fisher Memorial Highway".. Description: Urging INDOT to rename a section of SR 13 in Syracuse the "Benjamin Fisher Memorial Highway". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename a section of State Road 13 in Syracuse, Indiana, the "Benjamin Fisher Memorial Highway".
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging INDOT to rename a bridge over US 31 in Marshall County the "Owen Abbott Memorial Bridge".. Description: Urging INDOT to rename a bridge over US 31 in Marshall County the "Owen Abbott Memorial Bridge". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename a bridge overpass over US 31 in Marshall County the "Owen Abbott Memorial Bridge".
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Urging INDOT to rename the bridge on I-64 in Crawford County the "Dale Workman Memorial Bridge".. Description: Urging INDOT to rename the bridge on I-64 in Crawford County the "Dale Workman Memorial Bridge". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the eastbound bridge on I-64 over the Little Blue River in Crawford County the "Dale Workman Memorial Bridge".
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Judge Martha Blood Wentworth.. Description: Honoring Judge Martha Blood Wentworth. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Judge Martha Blood Wentworth upon her retirement from the Indiana Tax Court.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Purple Heart recipients of Paoli.. Description: Honoring the Purple Heart recipients of Paoli. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Purple Heart recipients of the Town of Paoli.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Memorializing Marta Moody.. Description: Memorializing Marta Moody. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Marta Moody.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Memorializing Martha Jane Lasater.. Description: Memorializing Martha Jane Lasater. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Martha Jane Lasater.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Bishop Luers H.S. football team.. Description: Congratulating the Bishop Luers H.S. football team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Bishop Luers High School football team on winning the 2023 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Opposing and condemning assisted suicide.. Description: Opposing and condemning assisted suicide. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION opposing and condemning assisted suicide.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Urging INDOT to rename the bridge on I-64 in Crawford County the "Dale Workman Memorial Bridge".. Description: Urging INDOT to rename the bridge on I-64 in Crawford County the "Dale Workman Memorial Bridge". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the eastbound bridge on I-64 over the Little Blue River in Crawford County the "Dale Workman Memorial Bridge".
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the contributions of the Applied Research Institute.. Description: Recognizing the contributions of the Applied Research Institute. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the contributions of the Applied Research Institute.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the ILYAC.. Description: Recognizing the ILYAC. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Indiana Legislative Youth Advisory Council.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the National FFA Organization and the Indiana FFA Association.. Description: Recognizing the National FFA Organization and the Indiana FFA Association. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the National FFA Organization and the Indiana FFA Association for exemplary work in the advancement of agricultural education in Indiana and across the country.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: To support the work of the Indiana Semiquincentennial Commission.. Description: To support the work of the Indiana Semiquincentennial Commission. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to support the work of the Indiana Semiquincentennial Commission for the 250th Anniversary of the founding of the United States of America.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Memorializing George McGinnis.. Description: Memorializing George McGinnis. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing George "Big Mac" McGinnis.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 100th anniversary of IU Health Morgan.. Description: Recognizing the 100th anniversary of IU Health Morgan. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 100th anniversary of Indiana University Health Morgan ("IU Health Morgan").
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Lawrence Central High School girls basketball team.. Description: Congratulating the Lawrence Central High School girls basketball team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Lawrence Central High School girls basketball team on winning the 2024 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 4A state championship title.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Montgomery County United Marching Band and Guard.. Description: Congratulating the Montgomery County United Marching Band and Guard. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Montgomery County United Marching Band and Guard.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 10th National Eucharistic Congress.. Description: Recognizing the 10th National Eucharistic Congress. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 10th National Eucharistic Congress.
In 2024, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Jodie Elkins.. Description: Honoring Jodie Elkins. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring 2024 Rural Teacher of the Year Jodie Elkins.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Terms of US Senators and members of Congress.. Description: Terms of US Senators and members of Congress. Terms of US Senators and members of Congress. Applies to Congress for a Convention for proposing Amendments under Article V of the Constitution of the United States to provide limits to the number of terms that an individual may serve in the United States House of Representatives and in the United States Senate.
In 2024, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Service on interbranch commissions.. Description: Service on interbranch commissions. Adds a new section to the Constitution of the State of Indiana specifying that a Senator or Representative may serve on a commission, board, committee, or similar entity organized to govern, advise, or provide oversight to an agency of the administrative or executive departments of the state. Provides that the following apply to a Senator or Representative serving on an entity under the new constitutional provision: (1) The Senator or Representative may be appointed to serve on the entity by a member of the General Assembly or a committee of the General Assembly. (2) The Senator or Representative may be a voting member, an alternate member, or a nonvoting advisory member of the entity. (3) The Senator or Representative may participate in any activity conducted in the fulfillment of the entity's duties as prescribed by law, rule, or executive order, other than the preparation or adoption of an administrative rule. Limits the number of Senators and Representatives that may be appointed to serve as voting members of an entity to: (1) one Senator from each major political party; and (2) one Representative from each major political party.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: State budget.. Description: State budget. Appropriates money for capital expenditures, the operation of the state, K-12 and higher education, the delivery of Medicaid and other services, and various other distributions and purposes. Requires a researcher to execute a data sharing agreement that is approved by the management performance hub to receive access to confidential records. Provides that the auditor of state is also known as the state comptroller. Provides that, after June 30, 2023, the auditor of state shall use the title "state comptroller" in conducting state business, in all contracts, on business cards, on stationery, and with other means of communication as necessary. Establishes the attorney general contingency fee fund. Establishes the: (1) state opioid settlement fund; and (2) local opioid settlement fund; into which funds received from opioid litigation settlements must be deposited. Provides that the office of the inspector general shall provide informal advisory opinions and that the opinions are confidential. Allows the budget committee to submit the budget report and budget bill or bills to the governor on or before the second Monday of January, or the third Monday of January in the year in which a gubernatorial election is held (instead of before that date). Requires the state personnel department to require a contractor, when contracting for health care coverage for state employees, to use value based coverage. Repeals a provision that makes a state general fund appropriation to the board of trustees of the Indiana public retirement system if the money available in the special death benefits fund is insufficient to pay death benefit claims. Allows the Indiana economic development corporation (IEDC) to certify an applicable tax credit that exceeds the maximum allowable amount after review by the budget committee. Provides that the regional economic acceleration and development initiative program expires June 30, 2026. Specifies that the county or municipality that did not approve the relocation of an outdoor advertising sign is responsible for compensation of the taking of the outdoor advertising sign. Provides that an owner may relocate an outdoor advertising sign that is subject to a pending eminent domain action. Allows an individual to claim an increased exemption amount for a dependent child in the first year in which the exemption amount may be claimed for the child. Reduces the individual income tax rate to 2.9% by 2027 and eliminates all trigger provisions in current law. Establishes the regional public safety training fund. Repeals provisions relating to the establishment of the: (1) Indiana homeland security foundation; (2) Indiana homeland security fund; and (3) fire training infrastructure fund. Allows certain members of the public employees' retirement fund or Indiana state teachers' retirement fund to file an election to begin receiving retirement benefits while holding a position. Changes the state police pre-1987 benefit and supplemental pension benefit calculation from being based on the sixth year of service to the fourth year of service. Repeals the public mass transportation fund. Repeals the financial responsibility compliance verification fund. Changes the number of years of service on which the salary matrix for state police employees is based to 15 years (instead of 20 years). Requires the department of correction to deposit the amount appropriated for the county misdemeanant fund by a county's multiplier. Requires the office of Medicaid policy and planning (office) to: (1) develop a schedule for the review of Medicaid reimbursement rates; and (2) provide a copy of the schedule to the budget committee; not later than November 1, 2023. Creates the residential water testing fund to test the water supply of an individual property owner of an eligible township. Requires the director of the state personnel department to submit a revision or adjustment to a pay plan developed for state employees to the state budget committee for review before the revision may take effect. Provides that the general assembly shall convene: (1) on the second Tuesday after the first Monday in June for the first regular technical session; and (2) on the second Tuesday after the first Monday in May for the second regular technical session. Provides that a technical session is not required to convene if the president pro tempore and the speaker jointly issue an order that convening is not necessary. Requires the general assembly to convene no later than the fourth Monday in January after organization day. Repeals provisions relating to emergency sessions and makes conforming amendments. Recouples the state earned income tax credit qualifications with the federal earned income tax credit qualifications under the Internal Revenue Code as in effect January 1, 2023. Requires a contractor that provides tangible personal property incorporated into real property in a project located in an innovation development district to maintain records of all state gross retail and use tax paid or collected during a state fiscal year. Adds state adjusted gross income taxes paid by an individual who is not an employee with respect to income received for services performed in an innovation development district for purposes of calculating income tax incremental amounts. Establishes the commission on improving the status of children fund to support the staffing and operations of the commission. Provides that a part of state user fees shall be deposited in the Indiana secured school fund. Repeals the distribution schedule for appropriations made for certain child development programs. Requires the department of local government finance to prepare an annual report and abstract concerning property tax data (instead of the auditor of state). Deletes reimbursement rate parameters for reimbursement of managed care organizations under the healthy Indiana plan. Extends the sunset of the collection of hospital assessment fees and health facility quality assessment fees from June 30, 2023, to June 30, 2025. Increases the total number of adult learner students at the Excel Centers for Adult Learners and Christel House DORS centers for whom the school may receive state funding. Establishes the Indiana education scholarship account donation fund to accept donations for administration of the Indiana education scholarship account program. Repeals the special education fund. Establishes a state tax credit for a taxpayer that makes certain qualified child care expenditures in providing child care to the taxpayer's employees. Extends provisions for the gasoline tax and the special fuel tax rates. Amends a statute concerning powers and duties of a regional water, sewage, or solid waste district established under prior law. Extends the sunset for the invasive species council and fund from July 1, 2023, to July 1, 2031. Prohibits school corporations and charter schools from charging a fee for curricular materials to students. Provides that the parent of a student or an emancipated minor who attends an accredited nonpublic school and who meets financial eligibility requirements may request reimbursement of fees charged for curricular materials. Establishes the curricular materials fund. Requires a county auditor to distribute a portion of revenue received from an operations fund levy imposed by a school corporation located in certain counties to certain charter schools (excludes school corporations that are designated as a distressed political subdivision). Requires charter schools that receive a distribution of tax levy revenue to establish an operations fund and education fund under the same provisions that apply to school corporations. Provides that in order to receive a distribution of tax levy revenue, a charter school must adopt a budget for the school year following a public meeting. Provides funding amounts for schools. Establishes the credential completion grant. Removes pathways for choice scholarship eligibility. Increases the annual income maximum for choice scholarship eligibility. Provides that a school corporation is eligible for an academic performance grant. Provides that state user fees remaining after required distributions shall be distributed to the state general fund (instead of the court technology fund). Makes certain amendments to the juvenile diversion grant program, the juvenile community alternatives grant program, and the juvenile behavioral health competitive grant pilot program (programs). Requires grants for the programs to be administered by the Indiana criminal justice institute in consultation with the juvenile justice oversight committee (oversight committee) and the grant process workgroup created by the oversight committee, taking into consideration the grant program report prepared and submitted to the commission on improving the status of children in Indiana by the oversight committee. Requires the state comptroller to deposit distributions of pro bono legal services fees received from the: (1) clerk of a circuit court; (2) clerk of a city or town court; or (3) Marion County small claims court; in the pro bono legal services fund. Requires the commission for higher education to create a separate higher educational operating funding outcomes based formula (funding formula) for Ivy Tech Community College. Requires, on or before July 1, 2023, budget committee review of all of the funding formulas created and approved by the commission for higher education. Provides that state appropriations may not be used to pay for the administration, operation, or programs of the Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex, Gender, and Reproduction. Provides that the legislative body of a first class city may adopt an ordinance to establish a special assessment district known as an economic enhancement district. Provides certain requirements for the ordinance and imposition of a special assessment. Requires the legislative body of the first class city that establishes an economic enhancement district to establish an economic enhancement district board. Extends the judicial and legislative branch leave conversion pilot program through June 30, 2025. Establishes the northeast Indiana strategic development fund administered by the northeast Indiana strategic development commission. Provides that if the amount of excess combined reserves in 2024 or 2025 exceeds $3,000,000,000, the amount that exceeds $3,000,000,000 is transferred to the pre-1996 account. Establishes the regional economic acceleration and development initiative 2.0 fund (READI 2.0). Requires the IEDC to develop a policy for a READI 2.0 program. Provides that money in the READI 2.0 fund may be used to: (1) support the IEDC's READI 2.0 program; and (2) provide grants or loans to support proposals for economic development and regional economic acceleration and development. Establishes the attainable homeownership tax credit for a taxpayer who makes a contribution to an affordable housing organization. Establishes the Medicaid oversight committee. Requires the Medicaid oversight committee to review, consider, and make recommendations concerning all requests for new services and changes in existing services for the Medicaid program. Provides that unexpended and unencumbered amounts appropriated from the federal economic stimulus fund in the state fiscal year ending before July 1, 2023, do not revert to the state general fund. Provides that unexpended and unencumbered amounts appropriated to the legislative services agency in a state fiscal year ending before July 1, 2024, do not revert to the state general fund. Requires the state comptroller to transfer $85,000,000 from the tobacco master settlement agreement fund to the state construction fund on July 1, 2023. Appropriates money for various purposes for the state fiscal year ending June 30, 2023. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the task of studying specific issues pertaining to the feasibility of the department of child services contracting with private attorneys to perform legal services and provide representation in certain cases instead of employing staff attorneys within the department of child services for those purposes. Requires the Indiana public retirement system to study and report and present on certain topics to the interim study committee on pension management oversight before November 1, 2023. Establishes the funding Indiana's roads for a stronger, safer tomorrow task force. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education and workforce development.. Description: Education and workforce development. Establishes the: (1) career scholarship account program (CSA program); (2) career scholarship account program fund; (3) career scholarship account administration fund; (4) career scholarship account donation fund; (5) connecting students with careers fund; (6) teacher higher education and industry collaboration grant program and fund; (7) career coaching grant fund; and (8) intermediary capacity building fund. Provides that the department of education (department), in consultation with the commission for higher education (commission), shall designate and approve a course sequence, career course, modern youth apprenticeship, apprenticeship, or program of study for grants under the CSA program. Provides for revocation of the approval if the sequence, course, modern youth apprenticeship, apprenticeship, or program of study fails to achieve an adequate outcome, as determined by the department, in consultation with the commission. Establishes eligibility requirements to participate in the CSA program. Provides that the commission may approve participating entities that meet certain requirements to participate in the CSA program. Provides that grant amounts that career scholarship students receive are not included in adjusted gross income for tax purposes. Provides that, beginning July 1, 2024, certain school corporations shall include instruction for all students regarding career awareness. Provides that the state board of education (state board), in consultation with the commission, shall create certain standards for a career awareness course. Requires the department to collect and aggregate certain data. Requires the department to publish on the department's website a list of skill competencies identified by certain approved participating entities. Requires the state board, in consultation with the department, to establish new high school diploma requirements. Removes a provision that provides that a student who satisfies an Indiana diploma with a Core 40 with academic honors designation through a certain alternative course shall not count toward a school's honor designation award. Requires the commission to create a list of approved intermediaries, employers, and labor organizations. Requires certain high school and college students to meet with an approved postsecondary educational institution, an intermediary, an employer, or a labor organization. Requires certain committed offenders to meet with an intermediary, employer, or labor organization. Provides that during each school year, a public high school must hold at least one career fair during regular school hours. Amends requirements for certification of qualified education programs by INvestED Indiana. Repeals certain provisions in law regarding a comprehensive navigation and coaching system and career coaching grant fund and requires the commission to: (1) develop and implement a comprehensive career navigation and coaching system for Indiana; and (2) award grants from the career coaching grant fund to certain eligible entities to establish or implement comprehensive career navigation and coaching systems. Provides that the department shall approve career coaching providers for the purpose of eligibility for a career coaching grant. Provides that the commission shall receive, distribute, and account for all funds received for career and technical education under the Carl D. Perkins Vocational and Applied Technology Act. Requires the department to establish and maintain an online platform that allows teachers to access and share information regarding connecting daily classroom lessons with innovations in workplace practices and postsecondary education research. Repeals provisions relating to the industry collaboration certification program. Repeals and replaces a definition of "participating entity" with "ESA participating entity".
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Health matters.. Description: Health matters. Allows a credit against the state tax liability of an employer with fewer than 50 employees if the employer has adopted a health reimbursement arrangement in lieu of a traditional employer provided health insurance plan and if the employer's contribution toward the health reimbursement arrangement meets a certain standard. Requires employers that are allowed the credit to report certain information to the department of insurance. Provides that the total amount of credits granted to employers may not exceed $10,000,000 in a taxable year. Provides that the credit may be carried over for 10 years, but may not be carried back. Provides that a health care provider that enters into: (1) a value-based health care reimbursement agreement; and (2) an electronic medical record access agreement; with a health plan may qualify to participate in the health plan's program to reduce or eliminate prior authorization requirements. Requires a health plan that establishes a program to reduce or eliminate prior authorization requirements to provide certain information to health care providers concerning the program.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Health care matters.. Description: Health care matters. Establishes the health care cost oversight task force and sets forth duties of the task force. Provides a credit against state tax liability to certain physicians who have an ownership interest in a physician practice and meet other eligibility criteria. Allows a credit against the state tax liability of an employer with fewer than 50 employees if the employer has adopted a health reimbursement arrangement in lieu of a traditional employer provided health insurance plan and if the employer's contribution toward the health reimbursement arrangement meets a certain standard. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to research and compile data concerning Medicaid reimbursement rates for Indiana and all other states and the national reimbursement rate average. Requires the submission of a report to the health care cost oversight task force and the general assembly. Establishes the payer affordability penalty fund. Specifies additional information that a hospital must report to the Indiana department of health in the hospital's annual report and establishes a fine for a hospital that fails to timely file the report. Provides that a bill for health care services provided by certain qualified providers in an office setting must be submitted on an individual provider form. Prohibits an insurer, health maintenance organization, employer, or other person responsible for the payment of the cost of health care services from accepting a bill that is submitted on an institutional provider form. Repeals language requiring a hospital to hold a public forum. Requires the department of insurance to contract with a third party to calculate an Indiana nonprofit hospital system's prices from certain health plans for specified calendar years. Before November 1, 2024, and before November 1 each subsequent year, requires the department's third party contractor to compare certain Indiana nonprofit hospital system facility pricing information with 285% of Medicare. Requires the calculations to be submitted as a report for review. Provides that a health care provider that enters into: (1) a value-based health care reimbursement agreement; and (2) an electronic medical records access agreement; with a health plan may qualify to participate in the health plan's program to reduce or eliminate prior authorization requirements. Requires a health plan that establishes a program to reduce or eliminate prior authorization requirements to provide certain information to health care providers concerning the program. Requires a third party administrator, insurer, or health maintenance organization that has contracted with a person to administer a self-funded insurance plan or a fully insured group plan to provide claims data to the person not later than 15 days from a request for the data. Specifies certain claims data to be provided and establishes a fine for a failure to timely provide the claims data. Requires the all payer claims data base advisory board to discuss specified issues concerning reimbursement rates. Allows for the provisional credentialing of physicians who establish or join an independent primary care practice.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Housing.. Description: Housing. Establishes the residential housing infrastructure assistance program (program) and residential housing infrastructure assistance revolving fund (fund). Provides that the Indiana finance authority (authority) shall administer the fund and program. Provides that political subdivisions may apply to the fund for loans for certain infrastructure projects related to the development of residential housing. Provides that money in the fund may not be used for: (1) debt repayment; (2) maintenance and repair projects; (3) upgrading utility poles; or (4) consulting or engineering fees for studies, reports, designs, or analyses. Provides that loans from the fund must be allocated as follows: (1) 70% of the money in the fund must be used for housing infrastructure in municipalities with a population of less than 50,000. (2) 30% of the money in the fund must be used for housing infrastructure in all other political subdivisions. Requires the authority to establish a project prioritization system for the purpose of awarding loans from the fund, and specifies the criteria that must be included in the project prioritization system. Allows the authority to establish a leveraged loan program to or for the benefit of program participants. Requires the public finance director to prepare an annual report of the fund's activities for the legislative council and the budget committee. Provides that the fiscal body of a county may adopt an ordinance to designate an economic development target area. Removes the threshold conditions for establishing a residential housing development program and a tax increment allocation area for the program, including the condition that the governing body of each school corporation affected by the program pass a resolution approving the program before the program may go into effect. Changes the duration of a residential housing development program from 25 years (under current law) to 20 years after the date on which the first obligation for program is incurred. Makes a continuing appropriation.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Mental health programs.. Description: Mental health programs. Specifies the circumstances under which a person may be involuntarily committed to a facility for mental health services and specifies that these services are medically necessary when provided in accordance with generally accepted clinical care guidelines. Establishes a local mental health referral program to provide mental health treatment for certain persons who have been arrested. Repeals obsolete provisions and makes technical corrections.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Electric utility service.. Description: Electric utility service. Provides that it is the continuing policy of the state that decisions concerning Indiana's electric generation resource mix, energy infrastructure, and electric service ratemaking constructs must take into account the following attributes of electric utility service: (1) Reliability. (2) Affordability. (3) Resiliency. (4) Stability. (5) Environmental sustainability. Requires the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC) to take each of these attributes into account when: (1) reviewing, and preparing a final director's report for, an integrated resource plan submitted by an electric utility; (2) acting upon a petition for the construction, purchase, or lease of an electric generation facility; and (3) reviewing whether the public convenience and necessity continues to require the completion of an electric generation facility under construction. Requires the IURC to commence before September 1, 2023, a comprehensive study to consider the appropriate: (1) design and framework for; and (2) requirements with respect to; performance based ratemaking for investor-owned electricity suppliers. Sets forth certain topics that the IURC shall consider and evaluate in conducting the required study. Requires the IURC to include in its annual report that is due before October 1, 2025, a report containing the IURC's analysis and recommendations on the specified topics. Provides that the report must contain recommendations, supported by sufficient data and analysis from the IURC's study, with respect to the appropriate: (1) design and framework for; and (2) requirements with respect to; performance based ratemaking for electricity suppliers, so as to enable the general assembly to fully evaluate the impact of performance based ratemaking on all classes of ratepayers, while considering the five attributes of electric utility service set forth as state policy in the bill. Amends the statute governing reliability adequacy metrics for certain electric utilities ("public utilities" under the statute) as follows: (1) Defines the terms: (A) "fall unforced capacity", or "fall UCAP"; and (B) "spring unforced capacity", or "spring UCAP"; for purposes of the prescribed reliability adequacy metrics. (2) Reduces to 15% the 30% limit (under current law) for a public utility's summer or winter unforced capacity (UCAP) that the public utility is authorized to acquire from capacity markets, for purposes of the reliability adequacy metrics included in a resource planning report (report) submitted to the IURC after June 30, 2023. (3) Provides that the reliability metrics included in a report submitted to the IURC after June 30, 2026, must include specified information concerning a public utility's ability to meet its spring UCAP and fall UCAP. (4) Provides that if, after reviewing a public utility's report, the IURC is not satisfied that the public utility can: (A) provide reliable electric service to its Indiana customers; or (B) either: (i) satisfy both its planning reserve margin requirement or other federal reliability requirements and the reliability adequacy metrics set forth in the bill; or (ii) provide sufficient reason as to why it is unable to satisfy both its planning reserve margin requirement or other federal reliability requirements and the reliability adequacy metrics set forth in the bill; the IURC may conduct an investigation into the matter. (Current law does not require the IURC to consider whether the public utility can provide sufficient reason as to its inability to satisfy both its planning reserve margin requirement or other federal reliability requirements and the reliability adequacy metrics set forth in the bill.) (5) Requires the IURC to include in its 2025 annual report its analysis regarding the appropriate percentage or portion of: (A) total spring UCAP; and (B) total fall UCAP; that public utilities should be authorized to acquire from capacity markets.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Pension investments.. Description: Pension investments. Specifies certain entities, actions taken, or factors considered to which the ESG commitment provisions do not apply. Provides that if the treasurer of state concludes that the service provider has made an ESG commitment, the treasurer of state shall provide the name of the service provider and research supporting the conclusion to the board of trustees of the Indiana public retirement system (board). Prohibits the board from making an investment decision with the purpose of influencing any social or environmental policy or attempting to influence the governance of any corporation for nonfinancial purposes. Prohibits the Indiana public retirement system (system) from making an ESG commitment with respect to system assets. Provides that in making and supervising investments of the system, the board shall discharge its duties solely in the financial interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the system for the exclusive purposes of providing financial benefits to participants and beneficiaries and defraying reasonable expenses of administering the system. Provides that the board, in accordance with certain fiduciary duties, shall make investment decisions with the primary purpose of maximizing the target rate of return on the board's investments. Prohibits the board from entering a contract or modifying, amending, or continuing a contract with a service provider that has made an ESG commitment unless taking the action violates the board's fiduciary duty to the system's participants and beneficiaries. Requires the board to continue contracting with a service provider that has made an ESG commitment if the board determines that there is not a comparable service provider to replace the service provider. Requires the board to, at least annually, tabulate and report all proxy votes made by a service provider that is not a private market fund in relation to the administration of the system. Specifies certain persons and entities that are immune from civil liability and entitled to indemnification. Requires the board to: (1) ensure that reasonable efforts are made during the due diligence process before an investment is made and in monitoring investments in the public employees' defined contribution plan, an annuity savings account for the public employees' retirement fund or the Indiana state teachers' retirement fund, the teachers' defined contribution plan, the legislators' defined contribution plan, and a private market fund to determine whether any investments would violate the requirement that the board discharge its duties solely in the financial interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the system; and (2) take appropriate action, if necessary, consistent with the board's fiduciary duties. Defines terms and makes conforming amendments.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Court ordered expenses.. Description: Court ordered expenses. Specifies what a court shall order a father to pay for pregnancy and childbirth expenses.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Indiana department of health.. Description: Indiana department of health. Changes references from the state department of health to the Indiana department of health. Provides directions for publication of affected provisions. Makes technical corrections. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the code revision commission.)
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Worksite speed control pilot program.. Description: Worksite speed control pilot program. Requires the Indiana department of transportation (department) to establish the worksite speed control pilot program (pilot program) for the purpose of enforcing worksite speed limits. Requires that the department: (1) work with the state police department to administer the pilot program; and (2) enter into an agreement with the state police department to share information regarding the pilot program. Permits the department to contract with a third party vendor to assist in implementing the pilot program. Provides that an individual who is recorded by a worksite speed control system may not be assessed a civil penalty unless the violation is at least 11 miles per hour above the established worksite speed limit. Replaces the term "work zone" with "worksite" throughout the relevant statutes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Police and fire merit systems.. Description: Police and fire merit systems. Allows a fire protection district or fire protection territory to establish a merit system. Provides that unless a resolution or ordinance to establish a merit system is rejected not later than December 31, 2024, a merit system is established on January 1, 2025, for eligible: (1) city and town police and fire departments and township fire departments; and (2) fire protection districts and fire protection territories. Provides that the merit system may be dissolved after January 1, 2025. Requires a unit, district, or territory to vote to either retain or dissolve the merit system after January 1, 2029, and before January 31, 2029. Repeals a provision containing definitions and moves the definitions to another location.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Prescription drug donation repositories.. Description: Prescription drug donation repositories. Establishes the prescription drug donation repository program (program). Establishes a fee on each person who is issued a license, registration, or certificate by a health profession board for the program. Allows a person to donate prescription drugs and supplies to a central repository or local repository for use by an individual who is an eligible recipient. Excludes abortion inducing drugs and controlled substances from the program. Allows an eligible entity to apply to participate as a local repository in the program. Establishes criteria for the acceptance and distribution of donated prescription drugs and supplies. Sets a maximum handling fee that may be charged for the dispensing of a prescription drug or supplies under the program. Allows an entity that participates in a drug donation repository or program in another state to participate in the program in Indiana if that state's program allows for donations to repositories located in Indiana. Establishes immunity for certain persons under the program.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various criminal law matters.. Description: Various criminal law matters. Amends the definition of "emergency medical services provider" for the offense of battery to include a staff member in the emergency department of a hospital. Specifies that the enhancement for battery committed on a public safety official does not apply if the person who commits the offense is detained or committed under the involuntary commitment statute. Provides that the employee of a court or law enforcement agency who warns the subject of a warrant of the existence of the warrant with the intent to interfere with the execution of the warrant commits obstruction of justice. Adds "fondling" to the crime of sexual misconduct with a service provider.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Public works projects.. Description: Public works projects. Provides that a contractor that employs 10 or more employees on a design-build public works project must provide its employees access to a training program applicable to the tasks to be performed in the normal course of the employee's employment with the contractor on the public project. Provides that a tier 1 or tier 2 contractor that employs 50 or more journeymen must participate in an apprenticeship or training program that meets certain standards. Requires design-builders and any member of a team working on a design-build public works project to comply with certain statutes. Provides that a public agency awarding a contract for a construction manager as constructor project may not take certain actions based on a bidder's, offeror's, or contractor's entering into, refusing to enter into, adhering to, or refusing to adhere to an agreement with a labor organization.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Firefighter discipline.. Description: Firefighter discipline. Provides that a fire department of a fire protection district or fire protection territory is subject to certain disciplinary and due process requirements.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Thirteenth check.. Description: Thirteenth check. Provides for a thirteenth check in 2023 and 2024 for certain members, participants, or beneficiaries of the: (1) Indiana state teachers' retirement fund; (2) Indiana public employees' retirement fund; (3) state excise police, gaming agent, gaming control officer, and conservation enforcement officers' retirement plan; (4) state police pre-1987 benefit system; and (5) state police 1987 benefit system. Provides for a $50 payment in 2023 and 2024 to members of the Indiana state teachers' retirement fund and Indiana public employees' retirement fund, and to participants of the state excise police, gaming agent, gaming control officer, and conservation enforcement officers' retirement plan.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Income tax exemption for military pay.. Description: Income tax exemption for military pay. Exempts military pay for members of a reserve component of the armed forces of the United States or the national guard from the individual income tax. (Current law provides an individual income tax exemption for members of a reserve component of the armed forces of the United States or the national guard for the period the member is mobilized and deployed.) Exempts military pay earned by members of an active component of the armed forces of the United States from the individual income tax. (Current law exempts from the individual income tax the military pay earned by members of the National Guard and reserve components of the armed forces of the United States while serving on active duty.)
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Township assessors.. Description: Township assessors. Provides that, in counties that have one or more township assessors, the county election board shall place on the ballot at the November 2024 general election a public question asking whether the office of township assessor should be abolished or continued. Provides that a county election board shall tabulate the votes cast on the public question and certify the results to the department of local government finance. Provides that if a majority of the voters voting on the public question vote "yes", the office of each township assessor in the county is abolished, effective January 1, 2026. Provides that if a majority of voters voting on the public question vote "yes": (1) employment positions as of December 31, 2025, of each township assessor in the county are transferred to the county assessor; (2) real and personal property duties of each township assessor in the county are transferred to the county assessor; (3) obligations outstanding on December 31, 2025, of each township assessor in the county are transferred to the county assessor; and (4) the funds of each township assessor in the county on hand for the purpose of carrying out the property assessment duties in the amount determined by the county auditor are transferred to the county assessor. Provides that before October 1, 2025, the county assessor shall interview, or give the opportunity to interview to, each individual who: (1) is an employee of a township assessor in the county; and (2) applies before September 1, 2025, for an employment position. Provides that the township shall transfer to the county assessor all revenue received after the date of the transfer that is received by the township for the purpose of carrying out property assessment duties in the amount determined by the county auditor.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Enforcement of equal educational opportunity.. Description: Enforcement of equal educational opportunity. Defines "antisemitism", specifies that the public policy of the state is to provide educational opportunities free of religious discrimination, and provides that antisemitism is discrimination on the basis of religion.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Data security.. Description: Data security. Removes the remedies from chapter 3 of the data security breach statute and adds a reference to relief available under chapter 4 of that statute. (Under current law, the maximum civil penalty in chapter 3 is $5,000 per deceptive act.) Changes the civil penalty under chapter 4 of the data security breach statute to $500,000 per deceptive act. (Under current law, the maximum civil penalty in chapter 4 is $150,000 per deceptive act.) Adds the following to the permissible remedies available for the attorney general to seek for a deceptive act: (1) Restitution for actual harm, but not less than $100 per Indiana resident who suffered actual harm. (2) The cost of administering restitution.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Requirements for elected officials.. Description: Requirements for elected officials. Provides that if an examination of an audited entity is unable to be performed because the audited entity's accounts, records, files, or reports are not properly maintained or reconciled, the entity may be declared unauditable. Requires an unauditable entity to bring its accounts, records, files, or reports into an auditable condition within 90 days. Requires the state board of accounts (SBOA) to publish a list of entities declared to be unauditable on the SBOA's website. Provides that if an entity is declared unauditable and the fiscal officer is unable to perform the fiscal requirements of their position, the entity is required to hire outside assistance for guidance or to perform the fiscal requirements. Clarifies an exception regarding the liability of an elected official for acts that constitute gross negligence or intentional disregard of the official's duties. Requires the SBOA to annually call a conference for: (1) city and town controllers and clerk-treasurers, newly appointed city and town controllers, and city and town clerk-treasurers elect; and (2) township trustees and township trustees elect. Provides that elected officials must attend training every two years and that the SBOA shall keep attendance of elected officials and publish it on the SBOA's website. Makes an exception for school corporation treasurer personal liability. Provides that if there is an office of town clerk-treasurer that is vacant, and the town legislative body is unable to fill the office, the town legislative body may either: (1) enter into a local agreement with the town clerk-treasurer and town legislative body of another town in the state to assist a selected town legislative body member in performing the duties of the clerk-treasurer's office; or (2) enter into a contract with a certified public accountant to assist the town legislative body member in performing the duties of the clerk-treasurer's office. (Current law provides that the town legislative body may only enter into a contract with a certified public accountant after the town legislative body is unable to reach an agreement with another town.) Provides that if, after reasonable diligence, a town may hire any qualified person to perform the duties of the clerk-treasurer's office until the vacancy can be filled, or until the end of the current clerk-treasurer's term, whichever is first. Provides that newly elected officials shall complete five hours of training before taking office. Provides that elected officials shall certify completion of training requirements to the SBOA annually. Excludes self-supporting school lunch and the rental or sale of curricular materials as programs that may be established as separate funds. Repeals obsolete provisions. Makes technical corrections.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: State board of accounts.. Description: State board of accounts. Provides that the state board of accounts (SBOA) is designated as the independent external auditor of audited entities and is subject to applicable professional accounting standards. Requires annual reports to be prepared, verified, and filed with the state examiner as set forth in the uniform compliance guidelines. Requires all appointments of field examiners be made solely upon the ground of fitness in accordance with professional accounting and auditing standards. Provides that if an examination of an audited entity is unable to be performed because the audited entity's accounts, records, files, or reports are not properly maintained or reconciled, the audited entity may be declared to be unauditable. Provides that an audited entity that is declared unauditable shall bring its accounts, records, files, or reports into an auditable condition within 90 days. Requires the SBOA to publish a list of audited entities declared unauditable on its website. Revises conditions under which the state examiner may undertake an examination based on a violation of the law. Requires the SBOA to approve a request by an audited entity to opt out of examinations and engage a certified public accountant to conduct examinations if, within the last six years, the SBOA has not issued an examination or special investigation report critical of the audited entity's internal controls and there have been no adverse reports. Provides that the SBOA may terminate its approval of the use of a certified public accountant if certain requirements are not met. Revises the provision regarding field examiner traveling expenses. Makes changes to certain reporting, resolution, and disclosure requirements. Simplifies the provision regarding parties and a  plaintiff's right of recovery. Removes provisions regarding additional powers of the state examiner and attorney general. Provides that if the attorney general brings an action against an official bond, official bonds, or a crime insurance policy, the cause may be brought in the name of the state of Indiana upon the relation of the attorney general as plaintiff. Repeals a provision regarding the withdrawal or removal of counties from solid waste management districts. Repeals a provision regarding bonds and crime policies for faithful performance. Repeals a provision regarding examination reports, requisites, performance of public works, and SBOA powers. Repeals a provision regarding copies of reports filed with libraries, public inspections, and request renewals. Makes technical and conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Transportation matters.. Description: Transportation matters. Provides that a transit development district may be established in a municipality that is located in a county that is a member of the development authority and has operated regularly scheduled commuter bus services to Chicago, Illinois, with prior financial assistance from the development authority, and shuttle bus services that transport riders to a train station or a regular train stop along the Chicago to South Bend line. Provides for a public transportation corporation located in a county having a population of more than 185,000 and less than 200,000 to expand service beyond the boundary of the county to an adjacent county if the counties have entered into an interlocal cooperation agreement to expand service.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Technical corrections.. Description: Technical corrections. Addresses technical errors in the Indiana Code, including spelling, tabulation, formatting, grammatical, and cross-reference issues. Makes conforming amendments to align the style of population parameter wording. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the code revision commission.)
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Transportation matters.. Description: Transportation matters. Provides that the department of transportation (department) may accept a proposal and award a contract for the construction, improvement, or maintenance of a road if the lowest responsive and qualified bid is less than $3,000,000. (Current law says if the lowest responsive and qualified bid is less than $1,000,000.) Provides that the department may accept a proposal and award a contract for the construction, improvement, or maintenance of a road if the lowest responsive and qualified bid is one of three or more bids received by the department for the contract. (Current law says if the lowest responsive and qualified bid is one of four or more bids received by the department for the contract.) Authorizes the department to use construction manager general contractor and progressive design-build delivery methods for certain projects. Defines a "bicycle traffic control signal". Provides that a person may cautiously enter an intersection and make a left turn if turning from the left lane or a designated left-turn lane of a one-way street into another one-way street with the flow of traffic. Provides for the requirements and explanations of colors for bicycle traffic control signals exhibiting colored lights. Urges the legislative council to assign certain topics to an existing study committee. Makes conforming and technical changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various motor vehicle matters.. Description: Various motor vehicle matters. Adds an exception to the disposition of surplus personal property by a governmental body. Expands the definition of "alternative fuel" to include hydrogen, hythane, electricity, or any other fuel used to propel a motor vehicle on a highway that is not subject to certain taxes. Provides for the taxation of motor carriers using alternative fuels other than butane or propane. Provides that a carrier subject to certain imposed motor vehicle taxes is exempt from submitting to the department of state revenue (department) quarterly reports of the operations of commercial motor vehicles giving rise to the carrier's tax liability as the department may require under certain circumstances. Provides that a carrier that is exempt from the quarterly reporting requirements: (1) must continue to file a quarterly return to obtain a promotional use credit; (2) is required to keep books and records; and (3) is exempt from certain requirements regarding an annual permit, a cab card, and an emblem. Provides that a person who is living in Indiana and has been granted parole is included in the definition of "Indiana resident". Defines "lawful status". Repeals the term "credential". Defines "physical credential". Provides that the bureau of motor vehicles (bureau) may issue a driver's license, permit, or identification card to certain individuals granted parole in the United States under 8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5). Provides that the bureau may issue rules, including emergency rules, to provide a driver's license, permit, or identification card to certain individuals granted parole, as well as registrations and certificates of title for motor vehicles of certain individuals granted parole. Provides for when a credential issued by the bureau must be in the form of a physical credential or a mobile credential. Provides for the form of the mobile credential. Provides that, beginning July 1, 2023, and each year thereafter, the bureau is required to provide the executive director of the legislative services agency the name of a special group for whom: (1) 10 years have elapsed since the special group was admitted into the special group recognition license plate program; or (2) 10 years have elapsed since the previous review of the special group by the interim study committee on roads and transportation. Provides that if a special group was subject to a decennial review before July 1, 2023, then the next review occurs in the year which is a multiple of 10 years after the year of the special group's admittance to the special group recognition license plate program. Prohibits a consolidated city from installing a sign prohibiting a turn at a steady red signal. Specifies the calculation for the amount of the supplemental fee for hybrid and electric vehicles. Requires a person who drives a vehicle approaching a disabled stationary vehicle with flashing hazard warning signals to do either of the following, while proceeding with due caution: (1) Yield the right-of-way by making a lane change into a lane not adjacent to that of the disabled stationary vehicle, if possible with due regard to safety and traffic conditions, if on a highway having at least four lanes with not less than two lanes proceeding in the same direction as the approaching vehicle. (2) Reduce the speed of the vehicle to a speed at least 10 miles per hour less than the posted speed limit, maintaining a safe speed for road conditions, if changing lanes would be impossible or unsafe. Provides that a person who does not yield the right-of-way or reduce the speed of the person's vehicle commits a Class B infraction. Provides that the term "driver training school" does not include a business enterprise that educates or trains a person or prepares a person to operate a commercial motor vehicle. Allows a driver training school to administer a driving skills test to an individual who holds a valid learner's permit. Provides that certain entities are immune from civil liability for an act or omission occurring during a motorcycle operator safety course that results in an injury or property damage. Provides that administrative procedures of the bureau do not apply to a hearing requested by a nonresident regarding the suspension of the driving privileges of the nonresident for failure to meet the terms of a citation. Provides that a document preparation fee that is less than $200 is permitted and does not constitute an unfair practice. Provides civil immunity for a dealer in an action regarding the resale of a buyback vehicle if the dealer had a reasonable good faith belief the vehicle was not a buyback vehicle. Provides for the process for suspending the Indiana driving privileges of a minor who is an Indiana resident for failing to appear or answer a traffic summons. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Public safety matters.. Description: Public safety matters. Increases the number of deputies, from two to six, that a town marshal may have to participate in the town marshal training program (Tier II training program) established by the law enforcement training board (board). Requires the board to adopt rules establishing a conservancy district marshal basic training program. Adds a district marshal or deputy district marshal to certain definitions of "police officer", "officer", or "law enforcement officer".
Makes changes to certain definitions of "law enforcement officer" to include officers employed by a hospital police department, conservancy district marshals, and deputy conservancy district marshals. Defines "district marshal". Provides that a conservancy district (district) in which each director of the board has been elected to the board may employ a district marshal or deputy district marshal. Provides that the district marshal is the chief police officer of the district and has the powers of other law enforcement officers in enforcing laws. Makes changes to the jurisdiction of a hospital police department. Provides that a member of a city police or fire department is not subject to residency requirements. Eliminates a provision that provides that a city with a population of less than 7,500 may adopt an ordinance that requires a member of a city police or fire department to reside within the county in which the city is located. Provides that members of the police and fire departments of a town or special service district are not subject to residency requirements but must: (1) have adequate means of transportation into the jurisdiction served by the member's department; and (2) maintain telephone service to communicate with the department. Provides that members of the fire department of a township, fire protection district, or fire protection territory are not subject to residency requirements but must: (1) have adequate means of transportation into the jurisdiction served by the member's department; and (2) maintain telephone service to communicate with the department. Repeals provisions: (1) relating to the establishment of residency requirements for a police or fire department of a town with a population of less than 7,500; (2) relating to the establishment of residency requirements for a township fire department of a township with a population of less than 7,500; and (3) that exempt a member of a town police or fire department or a township fire department from residency requirements under certain circumstances. Repeals a provision relating to the jurisdiction of hospital police departments.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: State veterans' cemeteries.. Description: State veterans' cemeteries. Provides that the Indiana state veterans' cemetery may include more than one physical location. Provides eligibility for burial in the Indiana state veterans' cemetery to certain members of: (1) a reserve component of the armed forces of the United States; (2) the Indiana Army National Guard or the Indiana Air National Guard; and (3) the Reserve Officers' Training Corps of the United States Army, Navy, or Air Force. Provides eligibility for burial in the Indiana state veterans' cemetery to spouses of, minor children of, and unmarried adult children of certain members of: (1) a reserve component of the armed forces of the United States; (2) the Indiana Army National Guard or the Indiana Air National Guard; and (3) the Reserve Officers' Training Corps of the United States Army, Navy, or Air Force. Removes program directors of the state approving agency from the list of the employees who must satisfy certain criteria to qualify as a director of veterans' affairs. Amends language addressing one time grants provided by the military family relief fund. Provides that the Indiana department of veterans affairs may provide grants to a qualified entity that provides services to veterans and is exempt from taxation under Section 501 of the Internal Revenue Code for veteran suicide prevention.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Town of Hardinsburg.. Description: Town of Hardinsburg. Legalizes the action of the county commissioners of Washington County dissolving the town of Hardinsburg. Repeals an 1893 act that legalized the incorporation of the town of Hardinsburg.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Cedar Lake Historical Association Museum.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Cedar Lake Historical Association Museum.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Airports.. Description: Airports. Voids an administrative rule concerning eligibility of projects for which funding is available from the airport development grant fund (grant fund) and relocates (with stylistic changes) the contents of the voided administrative rule. Requires the Indiana department of transportation, in determining the match for a state grant for which federal grants are not available, to: (1) consider the airport classification and the type of project; and (2) require matching funds of at least 25%.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Aviation fuel inspection fees.. Description: Aviation fuel inspection fees. Provides that the fee for the inspection of gasoline or kerosene shall be imposed on "avgas" (aviation fuel used in piston engine powered aircraft) and jet fuel. Establishes an aviation fuel account (account) within the underground petroleum storage tank excess liability trust fund and requires that the inspection fees on avgas and jet fuel be deposited in the account. Provides that the account may be used only for financial responsibility, corrective action, third party indemnification, and administration expenses related to avgas and jet fuel. Provides that, beginning December 31, 2023, an amount equal to the difference between: (1) the entire balance in the account; and (2) a reserve amount that, in combination with an estimate of the fees that will be deposited in the account during the following calendar year, is reasonably anticipated to be sufficient to meet the other purposes of the account in the following year; shall be transferred annually from the account to the airport development grant fund.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Nonprofit organizations.. Description: Nonprofit organizations. Provides that the contents of an investigative demand issued by the attorney general are confidential. Expands the definition of "public benefit corporation" to include a domestic corporation that is supported by public funds or authorized to spend public funds in furtherance of its mission or that is a not-for-profit corporation that aims to serve a public benefit. Provides that a court may dissolve a nonprofit corporation under certain circumstances and provides exceptions to the types of corporations that may be dissolved under this procedure. Specifies procedural requirements that the attorney general must take before petitioning the court for dissolution for certain reasons. Permits a court to appoint a receiver to manage a nonprofit corporation even if an action to dissolve the corporation has not been filed. Provides additional remedies that the attorney general may seek for violations. Requires a nonprofit corporation to maintain certain records for three years. Provides that attorney general may not access records of specified entities. Prevents a state agency from imposing certain filing or reporting requirements that are more burdensome than what is required by state law and provides certain exceptions. Makes conforming and clarifying changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Indiana national guard matters.. Description: Indiana national guard matters. Provides that a court-martial of a member of the Indiana national guard may be convened by orders of the governor or the adjutant general. (Current law provides that a court-martial of a member of the Indiana national guard may be convened by orders of the governor.) Provides that a member of the Indiana national guard may not demand trial by court-martial in lieu of nonjudicial punishment. Removes a provision permitting a commanding officer to order a member of the officer's command to be confined under correctional custody for not more than eight days. Makes changes to the disciplinary punishment an officer exercising command may impose.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Transportation for a released offender.. Description: Transportation for a released offender. Provides that the department of correction may not provide transportation to, or procure transportation or public transportation to, a county other than the released offender's county of residence at the time of conviction unless certain circumstances apply.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Eligibility under Medicaid, CHIP and other benefits.. Description: Eligibility under Medicaid, CHIP and other benefits. Changes the requirements for submitting eligibility information for an individual who is: (1) less than 19 years of age; and (2) a recipient of either the Medicaid program or the children's health insurance program (CHIP) (programs). (Current law concerning the submission of eligibility information in the programs applies to individuals less than three years of age.) Provides Medicaid eligibility for certain individuals who have immigrated and are lawfully residing in the United States and meet other Medicaid eligibility requirements. Specifies eligibility for the children's health insurance program (CHIP) for lawfully residing individuals who are less than 19 years of age. Provides that an agency or political subdivision is not required to verify citizenship or immigration status of an individual for purposes of the individual's eligibility for benefits under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act or the Child Nutrition Act of 1966, including the special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing First Lady Susan Bayh.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing First Lady Susan Bayh.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Mine reclamation tax credit.. Description: Mine reclamation tax credit. Provides a mine reclamation tax credit (credit), retroactive beginning January 1, 2023, for a taxpayer that enters into an agreement with the Indiana economic development corporation (corporation) for a qualified investment for development of property located on reclaimed coal mining land. Provides that the amount of a credit that a taxpayer receives in a taxable year may not exceed the lesser of: (1) the taxpayer's qualified investment multiplied by 30%; or (2) $5,000,000. Provides that the aggregate amount of tax credits allowed may not exceed $25,000,000 over the five year period that the credit is available. Provides for the assignment of the credit by a taxpayer to certain lessees. Provides that a taxpayer is not entitled to the credit if the corporation determines that the taxpayer has substantially reduced or ceased its operations in Indiana in order to relocate them within the mine reclamation site. Provides that the tax credit expires December 31, 2027.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Dental compliance fund.. Description: Dental compliance fund. Removes a requirement that dentists and dental hygienists pay a $20 compliance fee when renewing a license that is deposited into the dental compliance fund (fund). Provides that money in the fund is to be used to provide funds for administering and enforcing the provisions of the Indiana Code chapter concerning the regulation of dentists (as opposed to the Indiana Code article concerning dentists).
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Various elections matters.. Description: Various elections matters. Defines "election worker" and makes it a Level 6 felony to take certain actions: (1) for the purpose of influencing an election worker; (2) to obstruct or interfere with an election worker; or (3) that injure an election worker. Provides that if a municipal legislative body failed to redistrict its legislative body districts before January 1, 2023, the municipal legislative body is required to do so before May 15, 2023. Provides that if a redistricting authority fails to redistrict as required by law, an individual who is a voter of the political subdivision whose redistricting authority failed to redistrict as required may petition the secretary of state to establish election districts for the political subdivision. Requires certain counties to pay a specified annual per diem to the circuit court clerk of the county. Provides that a person who is convicted of a vote fraud felony committed after June 30, 2023, is deprived of the right of suffrage by the general assembly for a period of 10 years following the date of conviction. Authorizes the repurposing of an electronic poll book unit as a device to display sample ballots if the electronic poll book software is deleted from the unit. Permits the use of an electronic device at a precinct or vote center to display a sample ballot. Declares confidential particular information that directly or indirectly indicates the selections made by a voter while voting in an election. Increases from $5 to $8 the document storage fee collected by certain court clerks.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Civil proceeding advance payment contracts.. Description: Civil proceeding advance payment contracts. Amends the law concerning civil proceeding advance payment (CPAP) transactions to provide that in a civil proceeding in which a consumer claimant has entered into a CPAP contract, the consumer claimant or the consumer claimant's attorney is required to provide to: (1) each of the other parties in the civil proceeding; and (2) each insurer that has a duty to defend another party in the civil proceeding; written notice that the consumer claimant has entered into a CPAP contract with a CPAP provider. Provides that in a civil proceeding in which a consumer claimant is a party, the existence and contents of the CPAP contract are subject to discovery under the Indiana Rules of Trial Procedure by: (1) a party other than the consumer claimant; or (2) an insurer that has a duty to defend another party in the civil proceeding. Provides that a written notice concerning a CPAP contract with a CPAP provider is not admissible in a court proceeding.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Delivery network companies.. Description: Delivery network companies. Amends the law regarding transportation network companies (TNC) to provide that, after June 30, 2024, the primary motor vehicle liability insurance coverage requirement while a TNC driver is logged on to the TNC's digital network, but is not engaged in a prearranged ride, is at least $50,000 per incident for property damage. (Under current law, the coverage requirement is at least $25,000 per incident for property damage.) Provides that, after June 30, 2024: (1) a delivery network company (DNC) driver who connects to a DNC's digital network is an independent contractor of the DNC, and the DNC is not considered to control or manage the DNC driver or to own or manage the personal vehicle used by the DNC driver to provide delivery services; but (2) the DNC driver, or the DNC on the DNC driver's behalf, is required to maintain primary motor vehicle insurance meeting certain requirements on the DNC driver's personal vehicle. Establishes different minimum insurance coverage requirements for a delivery available period than for a delivery service period. Provides that if motor vehicle insurance maintained by a DNC driver lapses or does not provide the required coverage: (1) motor vehicle insurance maintained by the DNC must provide the required coverage beginning with the first dollar of a claim; and (2) the DNC's insurer has a duty to defend the claim. Provides that coverage under a DNC insurer's policy may not be dependent on the denial of a claim by the DNC driver's insurer. Requires a DNC driver, in the event of an accident, upon request, to provide proof of required insurance coverage and to disclose whether the accident occurred during a delivery available period or a delivery service period. Requires a DNC to make certain disclosures in writing to a prospective DNC driver. Authorizes an insurer writing motor vehicle insurance in Indiana to exclude coverage on a personal vehicle owned or operated by a DNC driver for loss or injury occurring during a delivery available period or a delivery service period. Requires a DNC's insurer to assume primary liability for a claim arising from an accident when: (1) a dispute arises as to whether the accident occurred during a delivery available period or a delivery service period; and (2) the DNC does not have, did not retain, or fails to provide precise information on when the delivery available period or delivery service period began or ended.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Land use task force.. Description: Land use task force. Creates the land use task force to study and make recommendations concerning: (1) areas where food insecurity exists; (2) development growth trends in rural, suburban, and urban communities across Indiana; and (3) other community growth issues.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Information privacy relating to firearms.. Description: Information privacy relating to firearms. Specifies the circumstances under which information concerning a person who applies for or holds a license to carry a handgun may be released to a federal government entity.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Preschool and child care facility drinking water.. Description: Preschool and child care facility drinking water. Requires the public finance director to prepare an annual report to the general assembly that provides information on the programs of the Indiana finance authority under which the drinking water in schools, preschools, and child care facilities is tested for the presence of lead. Requires the owner or operator having authority over a child care facility or a preschool to test the drinking water in the child care facility or preschool before January 1, 2026, unless the drinking water in the child care facility or preschool has already been tested through a lead sampling program conducted by the Indiana finance authority. Provides that if the testing of the drinking water in a child care facility or preschool indicates that the presence of lead in the drinking water equals or exceeds the action level for lead (15 parts per billion), the owner or operator of the child care facility or preschool shall take action to: (1) eliminate the source of the lead in the drinking water; or (2) install a water filtration system. Establishes requirements applying to a water filtration system installed in a child care facility or preschool. Requires the environmental rules board to adopt rules, including emergency rules, that conform with the Lead and Copper Rule Improvements proposed rule that is being developed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Law enforcement recordings.. Description: Law enforcement recordings. Provides that the direct cost that a state or local agency may charge for providing a copy of a law enforcement recording (recording) includes labor costs incurred to: (1) obscure nondisclosable information in the recording; and (2) perform an administrative review of the recording to determine if all nondisclosable information has been obscured. Specifies that the costs of reviewing and obscuring nondisclosable electronic data may not exceed reasonable attorney's fees if the actions are performed by an attorney. Provides that if a court issues an order for disclosure of a law enforcement recording, any copy of the recording must be made by the public agency. Makes a technical correction.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Unlicensed real estate solicitor.. Description: Unlicensed real estate solicitor. Defines an "unlicensed real estate solicitor". Requires an unlicensed real estate solicitor to include a specific solicitation disclosure on all advertisements promoting the unlicensed real estate solicitor's intent to purchase a residential, single-family home. Provides remedies to a homeowner that enters into an agreement with an unlicensed real estate solicitor. Provides that it is a deceptive act enforceable by the attorney general for an unlicensed real estate solicitor to solicit the sale or purchase of real estate through print or broadcast advertising without the required solicitation disclosure.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicle matters.. Description: Motor vehicle matters. Provides for the process for suspending the Indiana driving privileges of a minor who is an Indiana resident for failing to appear or answer a traffic summons. Changes the term "portable breath test" to "portable test" and amends the definition of "portable test".
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Hunting season for disabled veterans.. Description: Hunting season for disabled veterans. Provides that the director of the department of natural resources shall designate four days a year as free hunting days for critically disabled veterans and youth hunters. Defines "critically disabled veteran".
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Residential housing development program.. Description: Residential housing development program. Makes the following changes regarding Marion County redevelopment: (1) Revises allocation area requirements for the redevelopment commission (commission) to establish a housing program. (2) Allows the commission to establish a residential housing development program (residential housing program) and a tax increment funding allocation area for the residential housing program, if the construction of new houses fails to reach a benchmark. Requires the department of local government finance, in cooperation with the city of Indianapolis, to determine eligibility for the residential housing program. Specifies the rights, powers, privileges, and immunities of the commission in implementing a residential housing program.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Civil service annuity income deduction.. Description: Civil service annuity income deduction. Increases the amount of federal civil service annuity benefits that an individual or the individual's surviving spouse may deduct from adjusted gross income tax.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Workforce development pilot programs.. Description: Workforce development pilot programs. Provides that the commission for higher education may establish an education and career support services pilot program to provide career and support services to adult students of state educational institutions. Provides that the office of the secretary of family and social services (FSSA), in consultation with Erskine Green Training Institute and the department of workforce development, may establish a manufacturing workforce training pilot program to provide training and other services to: (1) individuals with intellectual and other developmental disabilities; and (2) incumbent workers who are identified to fill higher paying jobs as a result of increased workforce participation by individuals with intellectual and other developmental disabilities. Specifies requirements and permitted actions for each pilot program. Requires FSSA to amend administrative rules.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Live streaming and archiving meetings.. Description: Live streaming and archiving meetings. Requires governing bodies of state and local agencies (excluding a state supported college or university) to provide, on a publicly accessible platform: (1) live transmissions of public meetings; and (2) an archive of copies of the live transmissions with links to any meeting agendas, minutes, or memoranda. Provides that if a governing body does not have Internet capability for live transmission of public meetings, the governing body shall record the meeting. Provides that transmissions and recordings of public meetings may be destroyed after 90 days.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Separation of siblings in child placement.. Description: Separation of siblings in child placement. Provides that if a child is placed in a temporary out-of-home placement in a location in which a sibling of the child resides, the department of child services shall, before changing the placement of the child, consider whether separating the child from the child's sibling is in the child's best interest. Provides that if a child is placed under a dispositional decree in an out-of-home placement in a location in which a sibling of the child resides, a court shall, in considering a motion requesting a change in the child's placement, consider whether separating the child from the child's sibling is in the child's best interest. Requires a court, in determining whether reunification of a child with a parent, guardian, or custodian from whom the child has been removed is in the child's best interest, to consider whether reunifying the child with the parent, guardian, or custodian will result in separation of the child from a sibling of the child, and if so, whether separating the child from the child's sibling is in the child's best interest.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Paternity actions.. Description: Paternity actions. Allows a child, by the child's next friend, to commence a child custody proceeding under certain circumstances. Defines "next friend."  Provides that a court having jurisdiction over a child who is the subject of a child in need of services proceeding or juvenile delinquency proceeding has concurrent jurisdiction with a court having jurisdiction over a paternity proceeding for the purpose of establishing or modifying paternity, custody, parenting time, or child support of the child.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Utility scale battery energy storage systems.. Description: Utility scale battery energy storage systems. Provides that a person may not: (1) construct a new utility scale battery energy storage system (BESS); or (2) expand the capacity of an existing BESS by more than 10% of the system's original capacity; without the prior approval of the department of homeland security (department). Sets forth information that must be included in an application to the department for approval of the construction or expansion of a BESS. Provides that: (1) a BESS for which installation is subject to department approval; and (2) an installation added to an existing BESS in an expansion for which department approval is required; must comply with the National Fire Protection Association's standard concerning stationary energy storage systems (NFPA 855). Provides that the total capacity of the batteries contained within a single enclosure in: (1) a BESS for which installation is subject to department approval; and (2) an installation added to an existing BESS in an expansion for which department approval is required; may not exceed 10 megawatt hours unless authorized under rules adopted by the fire prevention and building safety commission (commission). Provides that if a BESS installed after June 30, 2023, is located less than 1/2 mile from the nearest 100 year flood plain, all of the system's equipment must be located at least two feet above the 100 year frequency flood elevation. Requires the operator of a BESS to: (1) provide a copy of the operator's emergency response plan for the BESS; and (2) offer training to enable effective response to a fire or contaminant discharge at the BESS; to the fire department responsible for providing fire protection services in the area in which the BESS is located. Authorizes the commission to adopt rules to specify standards for the installation and operation of a BESS. Provides that the commission's rules: (1) must be consistent with NFPA 855; and (2) must include standards for: (A) chemical spill prevention and control; and (B) appropriate setbacks from surface water resources. Requires the department to issue to the interim study committee on energy, utilities, and telecommunication, not later than November 1, 2023, a report regarding the progress of the commission in adopting rules addressing the installation and operation of a BESS.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Firearms training for teachers.. Description: Firearms training for teachers. Authorizes funds from the: (1) Indiana secured school fund; and (2) school corporation and charter school safety advance program; to be used for the purpose of providing specialized firearms instruction to certain teachers, school staff, and school employees, and for providing counseling services to students, teachers, school staff, and school employees in the event of a school shooting. Creates a specialized firearms safety, education, and training curriculum (curriculum) for teachers, school staff, and school employees. Specifies curriculum requirements. Requires a charter school, accredited nonpublic school, or school corporation to ensure that a teacher, school staff member, or school employee who receives training funded by a grant from the Indiana secured school fund complies with certain requirements. Provides that the identity of any person who: (1) enrolls in; (2) participates in; or (3) completes; the curriculum is confidential. Requires the department of education, in collaboration with the state police department, to identify a set of best practices and develop a set of educational materials concerning the safe possession and storage of a firearm in a home with a child. Provides that the department of education shall provide the best practices and educational materials to certain schools for annual distribution to parents of students. Provides that a public school or a state accredited nonpublic school may not conduct a training or drill for an employee of the school that includes, as any part of the training or drill, the expelling of any type of projectile at the employee unless: (1) the school informs the employee of the use of projectiles in the training or drill; and (2) the employee provides written consent. Provides that certain schools may not conduct or approve a training or drill for a student of the school that includes, as any part of the training or drill, the expelling of any type of projectile at a student. Provides that the prohibition on the possession of a firearm in or on school property or on a school bus does not apply to certain qualified law enforcement officers and qualified retired law enforcement officers. Makes conforming and technical amendments.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Professional licensing.. Description: Professional licensing. Allows a state agency to adopt a policy governing electronic meetings conducted by a board or committee of the agency, if the board or committee has not adopted a policy. Allows the reinstatement of a professional license that was retired, inactive, or surrendered (inactive) if the applicant meets the requirements for a delinquent or lapsed license. Provides that provisions regarding reinstatement of a retired license do not apply if the license was retired while a complaint or investigation regarding professional conduct was pending. Provides that the reinstatement law applies to all licenses that were inactive for more than three years. Requires, for purposes of the license reinstatement law, that each board make available a list of standards that require a personal appearance before the board. Requires a provider of a continuing education course to: (1) obtain approval of the course from the licensing board; and (2) provide the licensing board or agency with a certificate showing that a practitioner completed a course. Eliminates random continuing education audits of practitioners. Adds certain nonhealth professions to the professions that an out-of-state applicant may use to apply for license under the general reciprocity law. Provides that if a board does not act on an application within one year for an applicant who holds a provisional license or provisional certificate under the reciprocity law, the professional licensing agency shall issue the applicant a license or certificate. Allows the use of certain titles by an individual who is enrolled in or has graduated from a school of architecture or an accredited curriculum of landscape architecture.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Serious communicable diseases.. Description: Serious communicable diseases. Removes certain sentencing enhancements for battery and malicious mischief that relate to human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Repeals certain offenses concerning the donation, sale, or transfer of blood or semen that contains HIV. Defines "responding safety officer" and makes battery by body waste a Level 5 felony if committed against a responding safety officer and certain other circumstances apply. Makes it a Level 6 felony for a person with a serious communicable disease who is not in compliance with a treatment plan to engage in a high risk activity with another person and not inform the other person of the disease.. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Encroachment on an investigation.. Description: Encroachment on an investigation. Provides that a person who knowingly or intentionally approaches within 25 feet of a law enforcement officer after the law enforcement officer has ordered the person to stop commits a Class C misdemeanor. Specifies that "emergency incident area" may include an area 25 feet in all directions from the perimeter of an emergency incident area. (Under current law, the area is 150 feet).
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Competency to stand trial.. Description: Competency to stand trial. Provides that certain licensed individuals may examine a defendant and testify as to whether the defendant can understand the criminal proceedings and assist in the preparation of the defendant's defense. Allows a court to dismiss criminal charges, without prejudice, upon motion by either party, if: (1) a substantial probability does not exist that a defendant will attain competency restoration or if the defendant has not attained competency restoration after six months of restoration services; (2) the defendant has a certain diagnosis; and (3) the defendant is charged with a misdemeanor or Level 6 felony. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: ICJI victim services division.. Description: ICJI victim services division. Allows the victim services division (division) of the Indiana criminal justice institute (ICJI) to assume the duties of the domestic violence prevention and treatment council (council) within the division. Repeals the provisions regarding the council within the division. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: CDL training regarding human trafficking.. Description: CDL training regarding human trafficking. Provides that the bureau of motor vehicles shall require an applicant who is applying for a commercial driver's license for the first time to attest to having watched an instructional video on how to recognize, prevent, and report human trafficking.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverages and tobacco.. Description: Alcoholic beverages and tobacco. Adds the following to the definition of "entertainment complex": (1) A premises located within a five mile (instead of four mile) radius of the center of a consolidated city. (2) A premises used as a museum of fine arts. (3) A premises that has a 200 person audience capacity and artist housing. Provides that a primary source of supply, manufacturer, or wholesaler may supply equipment on a temporary and nondiscriminatory basis to the holder of a retailer permit or a temporary permit for the purpose of holding, storing, and dispensing product to consumers for a special event for the duration of the special event. Makes the following changes regarding breweries: (1) Removes a requirement that the 90,000 barrel limit per calendar year applies to beer manufactured at a brewery located in Indiana. (2) Allows a small brewery to receive, bottle, and package beer from another small brewery if certain requirements are met. (3) Allows a small brewery to sell or transfer beer to certain food manufacturers for the purpose of adding or integrating the beer into a product or recipe. (4) Provides that a product that contains transferred beer may not contain more than 0.5% of alcohol by volume when the product leaves the food manufacturer's facility. Provides for permits for beer or liquor dealer employees who deliver alcoholic beverages. Increases, within a certain historic district, the number of alcoholic beverage restaurant permits from 10 to 15, and changes certain other requirements. Allows the alcohol and tobacco commission (commission) to issue a certain number of three-way permits to sell alcoholic beverages for on-premises consumption in the: (1) cities of Auburn, Kendallville, and Warsaw; and (2) towns of Winona Lake and Syracuse. Permits the issuance of three new three-way permits and three new two-way permits to the town of Whitestown. Requires the commission to issue a beer dealer's permit and a wine dealer's permit to an eligible grocery store. Increases the limit on the amount of liquor that an artisan distiller may produce in a calendar year from 10,000 to 20,000 gallons. Amends the conditions in which a minor can lawfully be in a room on a licensed premises in which is located a bar over which alcoholic beverages are sold or dispensed by the drink. Modifies the definition of "tobacco product", for purposes of the law concerning issuance of a tobacco sales certificate, to include a product that contains nicotine and is not approved by the federal Food and Drug Administration for tobacco cessation. Provides that an e-liquid distributor shall purchase and distribute e-liquid from an: (1) Indiana e-liquid manufacturer that has a valid e-liquid manufacturing permit; or (2) Indiana e-liquid distributor that has a valid e-liquid manufacturing permit or a valid tobacco distributor's license.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Rare disease advisory council.. Description: Rare disease advisory council. Establishes the rare disease advisory council (council) to address various issues concerning the needs of patients in Indiana with rare diseases and their caregivers and providers. Establishes duties and procedures of the council. Requires the Indiana department of health to provide administrative assistance to and pay the administrative expenses of the council.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Enforcement of weight limits for overweight loads.. Description: Enforcement of weight limits for overweight loads. Defines "aggregate". Provides that a penalty for transporting a load in excess of the registered limit of the load for the transporting vehicle does not apply to a vehicle or combination of vehicles that transports aggregate if the weight of the vehicle with load does not exceed the gross weight limit and the axle weight limit by more than 10%. Provides for when the department of state revenue (department) may assess a civil penalty for a vehicle or load that is in excess of the legal weight or dimensional limits. Provides for the penalties the department may charge for a violation. Urges the legislative council to assign to the appropriate interim study committee the task of studying civil penalty assessments and the enforcement of overweight loads as it pertains to the impact on state infrastructure.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: 911 fees.. Description: 911 fees. Authorizes the statewide 911 board to increase the following fees one time in the period beginning after April 30, 2023, and ending before July 1, 2026: (1) The enhanced prepaid wireless charge. (2) The statewide 911 fee. (Current law allows the board to adopt one time increases to each fee in the period that began after April 1, 2020, and ends before July 1, 2023.)
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Opioid settlement.. Description: Opioid settlement. Specifies that the distribution of funds from an opioid litigation settlement is subject to a bankruptcy court order or bankruptcy settlement. Provides that an annual distribution of less than $5,000 payable to a city or town pursuant to an opioid litigation settlement agreement must be paid instead to the county. (Under current law, the threshold is $1,000.) Specifies that amounts owed by the state for attorney's fees and costs incurred in connection with opioid litigation must be deducted from the opioid settlement distribution payable to the state. Permits a city, county, or town that receives an opioid litigation settlement payment to transfer all or part of the payment to another city, county, or town to be used for the benefit of both communities. Permits a city, county, or town that receives an opioid litigation distribution to sell the right to receive the distribution. Excludes from the agency settlement fund any amount owed for outside counsel attorney's fees, costs, or expenses.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Destination development corporation foundation.. Description: Destination development corporation foundation. Allows the destination development corporation (corporation) to establish a nonprofit subsidiary corporation to solicit and accept private sector funding, gifts, donations, bequests, devises, and contributions. Provides that the state examiner may waive the examination of the corporation and a nonprofit subsidiary corporation by the state board of accounts, if the board of the corporation engages an independent certified public accounting firm to conduct an examination of: (1) the corporation and the corporation's funds, accounts, and financial affairs; and (2) a nonprofit subsidiary corporation; in accordance with the uniform compliance guidelines, directives, and standards established by the state board of accounts.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Indiana destination development corporation board.. Description: Indiana destination development corporation board. Adds a member to the Indiana destination development corporation board. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Welding certifications on public works projects.. Description: Welding certifications on public works projects. Requires that contractors on a public works project meet certain standards relating to the welding of structural steel.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Privacy protections for nonprofit organizations.. Description: Privacy protections for nonprofit organizations. Defines "personal information" as data that directly or indirectly identifies a "person" (including an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, a government entity, a partnership, a trust, an estate, or other entity) as a: (1) member or supporter of; (2) volunteer for; or (3) donor to; a nonprofit organization. With certain exceptions, prohibits a state agency (including an executive, judicial, or legislative branch agency, state educational institution, or body corporate and politic) or political subdivision from doing the following: (1) Requiring a person or nonprofit organization to provide personal information to the state agency or political subdivision. (2) Releasing, publicizing, or publicly disclosing personal information in the state agency or political subdivision's possession. (3) Requesting or requiring a current or prospective contractor or grantee to provide a list of nonprofit organizations to which the current or prospective contractor or grantee has provided financial or nonfinancial support. Provides that personal information is considered confidential and is not subject to disclosure under Indiana's access to public records act (APRA). Provides that a person alleging a violation of the bill's provisions may bring a civil action for injunctive relief, specified damages, or both. Provides that: (1) a public employee; (2) a public official; or (3) an employee or officer of a contractor or subcontractor for a public agency; who violates the bill's provisions is subject to the penalties and discipline that apply with respect to violations of APRA.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Community integration and habilitation waiver.. Description: Community integration and habilitation waiver. Establishes the special service review team to review denied applications and applications for which a determination has not been made for the community integration and habilitation waiver. Limits the geographical area of review.  Establishes reporting requirements. Requires the division of disability and rehabilitative services to obtain consent from a waiver applicant in order to share the application data with the review team. Provides immunity for an employee who obtains consent and provides the information in good faith. Provides that the review team expires December 31, 2024. Makes changes to the situations in which an emergency placement priority may be provided for individuals under a Medicaid waiver.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Tobacco and e-liquids.. Description: Tobacco and e-liquids. Modifies the definition of "tobacco product" to include a product that contains nicotine and is not approved by the federal Food and Drug Administration for tobacco cessation. Provides that an e-liquid distributor shall purchase and distribute e-liquid from an: (1) Indiana e-liquid manufacturer that has a valid e-liquid manufacturing permit; or (2) Indiana e-liquid distributor that has a valid e-liquid manufacturing permit or a valid tobacco distributor's license.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Various alcohol matters.. Description: Various alcohol matters. Modifies the definition of "entertainment complex" for purposes of alcohol law. Provides that a primary source of supply, manufacturer, or wholesaler may supply equipment on a temporary and nondiscriminatory basis to the holder of a retailer permit or a temporary permit for the purpose of holding, storing, and dispensing product to consumers for a special event for the duration of the special event. Provides that certain brewers may sell or transfer beer to certain food manufacturers for the purpose of adding or integrating the beer into a product or recipe. Provides that a product that contains transferred beer may not contain more than 0.5% of alcohol by volume when the product leaves the food manufacturer's facility. Allows a small brewery to receive, bottle, and package beer from another small brewery if certain requirements are met. Makes technical corrections regarding a permit holder who manufactures not more than 90,000 barrels of beer in a calendar year for sale or distribution in the state. Increases, within a certain historic district, the number of alcoholic beverage restaurant permits from 10 to 15, and changes certain other requirements. Permits the issuance of three new three-way permits, three new two-way permits, and one new liquor dealer's permit to the town of Whitestown. Requires the alcohol and tobacco commission to issue a beer dealer's permit and a wine dealer's permit to an eligible grocery store. Increases the number of gallons of liquor that an artisan distiller may produce in a calendar year from 10,000 to 20,000. Amends the conditions in which a minor can lawfully be in a room on a licensed premises in which is located a bar over which alcoholic beverages are sold or dispensed by the drink.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: PFAS biomonitoring pilot program.. Description: PFAS biomonitoring pilot program. Provides that the department of homeland security (department) may establish the PFAS biomonitoring pilot program (pilot program) to collect and analyze blood samples of individuals who were previously, or are currently, firefighters: (1) for serum PFAS levels; and (2) to determine whether there may be corresponding health implications associated with elevated serum PFAS levels. Provides that the department may consult with the department of environmental management and the Indiana department of health regarding the pilot program. Provides that the department may, to the extent possible, test 1,000 firefighters. Allows the department to work with a third party to administer the pilot program and to store data collected under the pilot program. Requires the department to submit, not later than July 1, 2027, a report summarizing: (1) the results of the pilot program; and (2) recommendations of the department, the department of environmental management, and the Indiana department of health for decreasing serum PFAS levels and exposure to PFAS chemicals; to the governor and the legislative council. Establishes the PFAS biomonitoring pilot fund.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Child seduction.. Description: Child seduction. Provides that "solicit", for purposes of the crime of child solicitation, includes luring and enticing. Defines "coach", "workplace supervisor", and "youth sports organization", and provides that the coach of a youth sports organization or a workplace supervisor commits child seduction if the person engages in sexual activity with a child less than 18 years of age and certain other conditions are met. Reduces the age difference from five years to four years for child seduction committed by a law enforcement officer. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Protections for motor vehicle dealers.. Description: Protections for motor vehicle dealers. Specifies the amount of compensation by a manufacturer or distributor to a dealer for a part. Provides the requirements for a remedy procedure or parts required to be provided to a dealer by a manufacturer or distributor to repair a used motor vehicle that is subject to a stop sale directive. Provides that a manufacturer or distributor shall compensate a dealer for assistance requested by a customer whose vehicle is subject to an over-the-air or a remote repair, or an update to a part, system, accessory, or function by a manufacturer or distributor that is performed at a dealership. Provides that a manufacturer or distributor may not require a dealer to purchase a product or service from a vendor designated by the manufacturer or distributor if the dealer selects a vendor that provides products or services that are substantially similar to that of the vendor designated by the manufacturer or distributor, meets reasonable program standards or requirements of the manufacturer or distributor, and is subject to the approval of the manufacturer or distributor. Provides that a franchisor is not considered to be competing unfairly if operating a business for less than one year. (Current law says for less than two years.) Provides for conditions a manufacturer or distributor may not place on a dealer, as a condition of granting or continuing a franchise, approving the transfer of ownership or assets of a new motor vehicle dealer, or approving a successor to a new motor vehicle dealer.  For provisions concerning unfair practices for a manufacturer, distributor, officer, or agent, makes the effective date effective upon passage. Provides that a manufacturer or distributor may not coerce or require a dealer to make improvements to the dealer's facilities or install signs or other franchisor image elements that would result in replacing or substantially altering improvements or image elements that the dealer made or installed during the immediately preceding 10 years. (Current law provides that a manufacturer or distributor may not require a dealer to make changes in the immediately preceding seven years.) Provides that it is an unfair practice for a manufacturer or distributor to: (1) require a dealer to; or (2) coerce a dealer into; selling or offering for sale certain products not approved, endorsed, sponsored, or offered by the manufacturer, distributor, affiliate, or captive finance source. Provides that it is an unfair practice to consider sale or offer of sale of certain products not approved, endorsed, sponsored, or offered by the manufacturer, distributor, affiliate, or captive finance source when determining eligibility to purchase products from, volume of purchases from, and pricing from the manufacturer or distributor. Provides that it is not an unfair practice for a manufacturer, distributor, affiliate, or captive finance source to: (1) offer discounts, rebates, or other incentives to a dealer who voluntarily sells or offers to sell certain products approved, endorsed, sponsored, or offered by the manufacturer, distributor, affiliate, or captive finance source; or (2) require a dealer to disclose the sale of certain products not approved, endorsed, sponsored, or offered by the manufacturer, distributor, affiliate, or captive finance source.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Immunity for escort of a banned person.. Description: Immunity for escort of a banned person. Specifies that under the tort claims act, a governmental entity or employee acting within the scope of employment is not liable for loss resulting from injury to a person or property of a person who is: (1) under supervision of a governmental entity; and (2) subject to a court order requiring the person to be escorted by a county police officer while the person is on or in a government building owned by a county building authority. Provides exceptions to this immunity.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Archives and record administration.. Description: Archives and record administration. Amends related definitions. Allows the attorney general to retain and publish records and opinions in electronic format. Amends various duties for the Indiana archives and records administration (administration). Removes the requirement that the administration follow procedures and forms prescribed by the federal government in implementing a forms management program. Requires the administration to establish standards for the design, redesign, numbering, standardization, consolidation, or elimination of forms used by state government. Provides that the administration must apply the definition of "record" to certain governmental materials. Requires a state agency to do the following: (1) Submit recommended retention schedules to the administration. (2) Follow the standards developed by the administration when creating and revising state forms. (3) Designate an agency forms coordinator to manage the creation and revision of state forms belonging to the agency and serve as a liaison between the agency and the administration. (4) Designate an agency records coordinator to coordinate the creation and revision of agency records retention schedules, educate agency staff on records management processes, and serve as a liaison between the agency and the administration. Removes certain duties of the oversight committee on public records. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Cyber civilian corps program advisory board.. Description: Cyber civilian corps program advisory board. Establishes the Indiana cyber civilian corps program advisory board (board). Provides for the membership of the board. Requires the adjutant general to provide staff support for the board. Requires the board to provide findings and recommendations concerning the establishment of an Indiana cyber civilian corps program to the legislative council.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Third party food delivery services.. Description: Third party food delivery services. Establishes in the Indiana Code article concerning regulated businesses a new chapter governing third party food delivery services. Defines: (1) "covered establishment" as a: (A) restaurant; or (B) food service establishment; that offers, whether directly or through a third party food delivery service, the sale and same-day delivery or pick up of food and beverages to customers; and (2) "third party food delivery service" as a person that: (A) uses an online modality or platform to offer or arrange for the sale, and same-day delivery or pick up, of food and beverages prepared or provided by one or more covered establishments; and (B) provides these services either for consideration or for the purpose of obtaining customer data. Prohibits a third party food delivery service from providing any services related to facilitating, processing, or delivering an online order for a covered establishment unless the covered establishment expressly agrees to allow the third party food delivery service to provide those services. Provides that if a covered establishment cancels its contract with a third party food delivery service, the third party food delivery service shall, not later than the time specified in the contract or, if a time for compliance is not specified in the contract, not later than 72 hours after the covered establishment provides notice of cancellation: (1) comply with any terms and conditions for cancellation specified in the contract; and (2) unless otherwise specified in the contract: (A) remove all menus associated with the covered establishment from all online modalities or platforms of the third party food delivery service; and (B) cease to offer, arrange, or perform any activities related to the sale, and same-day delivery or pickup, of food and beverages prepared or provided by the covered establishment. Provides that if a third party food delivery service violates the bill's provisions with respect to a covered establishment, the covered establishment may bring an action against the third party food delivery service, in which: (1) the court may grant a temporary injunction enjoining the third party food delivery service from providing food delivery services with relation to the covered establishment during the pendency of the action; and (2) a covered establishment that prevails is entitled to: (A) actual damages; (B) temporary or permanent injunctive relief; (C) liquidated damages of not more than $50,000 per transaction; and (D) court costs and attorney's fees.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Financial literacy.. Description: Financial literacy. Provides that, beginning with the cohort of students who are expected to graduate from a public school or a charter school in 2027, an individual must successfully complete a personal financial responsibility course (course) before the individual may graduate. Creates requirements for content that must be covered in a course. Provides that a public school or charter school may offer instruction on a course as a separate subject or as units incorporated into appropriate subjects. Provides that a course may qualify as a mathematics credit for an alternative diploma under if offered as a separate subject.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Limitation of liability for DCS contractors.. Description: Limitation of liability for DCS contractors. Limits the civil liability of contractors that provide specified services under a contract with the department of child services (DCS).
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Toxicology screening for xylazine.. Description: Toxicology screening for xylazine. Provides that, if the coroner reasonably suspects the cause of the person's death to be accidental or intentional overdose of an opioid or if the person was administered an overdose intervention drug prior to death and was unresponsive to the overdose intervention drug, the coroner shall test certain bodily fluids to determine whether the bodily fluid contained any amount, including a trace amount, of xylazine at the time of the person's death.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Home detention.. Description: Home detention. Allows a court to place a person convicted of certain crimes directly in a community corrections program. Provides that a violation of certain terms of a community corrections program placement constitutes escape. Repeals the offense of unauthorized absence from home detention, a Class A misdemeanor. Repeals a provision that requires the court to suspend a period of an individual's sentence if placed in a community corrections program. Provides that if a person on home detention knowingly and intentionally: (1) leaves the person's home; (2) remains outside of the person's home; or (3) travels to an unauthorized location; in violation of the home detention order and without written permission commits escape, a Level 6 felony. Provides that the court may not suspend the minimum sentence for a Level 3 felony if the person has a juvenile adjudication for certain offenses committed within three years of the commission of the Level 3 felony. Specifies that a person sentenced to work release in a community corrections program receives one day of accrued time for each day the person is confined on work release. (Current law only specifies that a person on home detention earns accrued time.) Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Earned income tax credit.. Description: Earned income tax credit. Recouples the state earned income tax credit qualifications with the federal earned income tax credit qualifications under the Internal Revenue Code as in effect January 1, 2023. Increases the state earned income tax credit to an amount equal to 12% (instead of 10%) of the federal earned income tax credit that an individual claimed for a taxable year.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Coroners.. Description: Coroners. Provides that if a person dies under certain circumstances in a county that is not the county where the incident occurred resulting in the death, the county coroner where the death occurred may not bill the county where the incident occurred for the costs of the autopsy, unless the coroners of both counties agree as to the necessity of an autopsy. Provides the following: (1) Allows a coroner to determine the means of copying an original record of the coroner. (2) With the exception of a record concerning a death subject to a criminal investigation or proceeding, allows a coroner to destroy or transfer the original record at the time determined by the coroner after copying the record. Provides that a coroner is immune from criminal liability for destroying a public record if the coroner acts in accordance with the coroner's authority to copy and destroy the coroner's records. Removes a requirement that the county fix the compensation of a coroner who is a licensed physician at 1.5 times the compensation of a coroner who is not a licensed physician for coroners who are elected or reelected in the 2024 general election and thereafter.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Watercraft registration renewal fee.. Description: Watercraft registration renewal fee. Changes the formula for determining the fee for renewal of a watercraft registration. Determines the registration renewal fee amount for a watercraft according to which of 14 classes the watercraft falls into based on the value of the watercraft when it was new. Provides that the proceeds of each watercraft registration renewal fee shall be distributed as follows: (1) $5 shall be deposited in the fish and wildlife fund; (2) 75% of the remainder shall be deposited in the lake and river enhancement fund; and (3) 25% of the remainder shall be deposited in the conservation officers marine enforcement fund.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Killing a law enforcement animal.. Description: Killing a law enforcement animal. Increases the penalty for killing a law enforcement animal to a Level 5 felony. Provides that killing a law enforcement animal in the commission of a crime is an aggravating circumstance for sentencing in criminal cases.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Indiana crime guns task force.. Description: Indiana crime guns task force. Provides that the Indiana crime guns task force area may include Allen County.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Medicaid reimbursement for children's hospitals.. Description: Medicaid reimbursement for children's hospitals. Extends the expiration date of language specifying Medicaid reimbursement of certain out of state children's hospitals.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Memorializing Lake County Magistrate Nanette K. Raduenz.. Description: Memorializing Lake County Magistrate Nanette K. Raduenz.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Home warranties and regulation of residential structures.. Description: Home warranties and regulation of residential structures. Allows a builder to disclaim implied warranties for a new home that is first occupied by a person renting the home as a residence from the initial home buyer. Allows a builder to disclaim implied warranties on a model home in the same manner as a home that is first occupied as a residence. Prohibits regulation of a mobile home, a manufactured home, or an industrialized residential structure on private property (other than within a mobile home community) based on age. Allows the owner of a legal, nonconforming residential structure on private property that is damaged or destroyed to replace or repair the structure without losing legal nonconforming use status as long as the structure continues to be used for residential purposes. Provides that a comprehensive plan and ordinance in a county (other than Marion County) may not preclude the installation of manufactured homes that exceed a certain width (in addition to a certain square footage) as permanent residences on a lot on which any other type of dwelling unit may be placed. Provides that after June 30, 2023, a mobile home, a manufactured home, or an industrialized residential structure is not considered a new home or model home subject to the provisions concerning home warranties. Prohibits a county, city, or town from exercising its planning and zoning authority in a way that differentiates between fraternity and sorority houses on the sole basis of whether the fraternity or sorority is officially approved or recognized by the college or university.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: IFA approval and revolving loan programs.. Description: IFA approval and revolving loan programs. Provides that a participant may issue and sell bonds to the Indiana finance authority (authority) without the requirement of an increase to the user rates and charges of the participant. Provides that the bonds must be issued under a resolution or ordinance and the proceeds must be used to carry out the purposes allowed by the program. Defines the term "independent evaluator" for purposes of non-revenue water audits. Requires a water utility to annually perform an audit of its water distribution system through the use of the latest version of the American Water Works Association's free water audit software or other methodology software to determine the causes of the water utility's non-revenue water. Provides that the issuance, by the ports of Indiana, of both taxable and tax exempt revenue bonds of the state, payable solely from revenues for the purpose of paying all or any part of the cost of a port or project, is subject to the prior approval of the authority. Provides for the appointment of a nine member board of directors of the Indiana Secondary Market for Education Loans, Inc. (ISMEL). Provides that ISMEL may only borrow money after consulting with the authority not less than three months before ISMEL begins the process of borrowing money. Requires ISMEL to, at least 30 days prior to the issuance or placement of any bond, note, or other instrument, report to the budget committee the estimated amount of the bonds.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expiration of committees and interstate compacts.. Description: Expiration of committees and interstate compacts. Provides that a committee, board, commission, or task force (committee) created by the general assembly after June 30, 2023, expires if the committee does not meet within two years after the effective date of the statute creating the committee. Provides that the statutes creating the following compacts expire July 1, 2025: (1) The Interstate Jobs Protection Compact. (2) The Interstate High Speed Intercity Rail Passenger Network Compact. (3) The Interstate Compact on Community Corrections Transfers. Requires the governor to give notice to each state, if any, that is a party to each compact that the state of Indiana is withdrawing from the compact. Requires the governor to certify before January 1, 2024, with respect to each compact, that notice either: (1) has been given regarding Indiana's withdrawal from the compact; or (2) was not required to be given because there are no other party states to which to give notice.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Corrections and clarifications.. Description: Corrections and clarifications. Specifies that an "eligible regional economic acceleration and development organization" means any of the following: (1) A development authority. (2) A qualified nonprofit organization. Resolves a conflict between House Bill 1623 and Senate Bill 400.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Public safety training.. Description: Public safety training. Requires the law enforcement training board to establish minimum standards for basic training and annual inservice training that address the mental health and wellness of law enforcement officers. Requires the executive training program to include training in mental health and wellness and suicide prevention of law enforcement officers. Provides that the mental health and wellness training may be provided online or by other means of virtual instruction. Provides that full-time firefighters' minimum training and annual training requirements must include mental health and wellness training. Requires certain persons who provide emergency medical services to obtain mental health and wellness training as a condition of licensure and certification.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Accountancy.. Description: Accountancy. Defines "principal place of business". Requires a certified public accountant applying for an initial issuance of a certificate to have one year of experience. (Under current law, an applicant must have two years of experience.) Requires a licensee to hold a license in good standing to convert it to inactive or retired status. Provides that nothing in the statute precludes an inactive or retired status certified public accountant from: (1) providing uncompensated services; (2) participating in a government sponsored business mentoring program; (3) serving on the board of directors for a nonprofit or governmental organization; or (4) serving on a government appointed advisory board.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Insurance matters.. Description: Insurance matters. Provides that if an insurance producer actively participates in a state or national professional insurance organization, the insurance commissioner may apply the insurance producer's participation toward the satisfaction of not more than two hours of the insurance producer's continuing education requirement in every two year licensing period. Prohibits a public adjuster from: (1) filing an insurance claim on behalf of an insured; (2) performing the role of roofing contractor, appraiser, or any other role with respect to the subject of a claim when the public adjuster is providing advice or assistance in the adjustment of the claim; or (3) filing an unfair claim settlement practice complaint unless the person who filed the claim has given written consent for the public adjuster to file the complaint. Requires a public adjuster, before entering into a contract with an insured, to provide a written disclosure concerning any direct or indirect financial interest that the public adjuster has with any other party that is or will be involved in the insured's claim. Requires a public adjuster to provide to an insured a disclosure document containing certain information before the insured enters into a contract with the public adjuster. Provides that a contract between a public adjuster and an insured must be in writing, must contain certain information, and must be prepared on a form filed with and approved by the insurance commissioner. Prohibits the inclusion of certain terms in the contract. Provides that if the insurer, not more than five business days after the date on which the insured's loss is reported to the insurer, either pays or commits in writing to pay to the policy limit of the insured's policy, the public adjuster may not be compensated by receiving a percentage of the total amount paid by the insurer and is entitled only to reasonable compensation for services provided. Allows an insured to void or rescind a contract with a public adjuster. Provides that, with respect to benefits provided by multiple employer welfare arrangements (MEWAs) to a public entity: (1) a policy of stop loss insurance issued by a reinsurer to the MEWA must cover claims submitted within the timely filing limit of the policy and the policy provisions of the stop loss coverage; and (2) the department of insurance may not adopt or enforce any rule that would reduce the timely filing limit specified in the policy and the policy provisions of the stop loss coverage. Requires the Indiana Public Employers' Plan, Inc., before December 31, 2026, to apply to the insurance commissioner for a certificate of authority to transact business as a domestic tax exempt reciprocal insurance company. Amends the anti-rebating law to provide that value-added products or services may be offered or provided for free or at a discounted price by an insurer or an insurance producer: (1) if the products or services: (A) are intended to mitigate or reduce the severity or frequency of loss; or (B) are primarily designed to enhance the health, financial wellness, or safety of persons or of persons' lives, health, or property; or (2) if the products or services: (A) are not offered in a manner that is unfairly discriminatory; and (B) are made available based on documented, objective criteria that are maintained for inspection by the insurance commissioner. Requires that a value-added product or service be accompanied by contact information. Requires an insurer that makes a material change to an insured's personal automobile or homeowner's policy to provide a written notice: (1) explaining the principal factors for the material change; or (2) stating that the insured, upon request, has a right to obtain a written notice explaining the principal factors for the material change. Establishes certain requirements for a notice of material change. Requires the insurance commissioner to adopt rules to implement the notice of material change requirements. Requires an insurer or health maintenance organization (HMO) that provides coverage under an Affordable Care Act Marketplace plan (Marketplace plan) to provide to each individual covered under the Marketplace plan, not earlier than six months and not later than two months before the individual will become 65 years of age, a notice that includes: (1) a statement that the individual may be eligible to enroll in Medicare during the individual's initial enrollment period; (2) a statement that, in most cases, someone covered by a Marketplace plan will want to end their Marketplace plan coverage upon becoming eligible for Medicare; and (3) detailed instructions for canceling the individual's Marketplace plan. Provides that the plan sponsor of a health benefit plan may, on behalf of all covered individuals, provide consent: (1) to all communications related to the health benefit plan being sent to covered individuals by electronic means; and (2) to the electronic delivery of health insurance identification cards. Repeals the current mutual insurance holding company law (IC 27-14) and replaces it with a new mutual holding company law (IC 27-14.5). Requires the insurance commissioner to conduct an examination of an HMO domiciled in Indiana at least once every five years (instead of once every three years) and provides that an examination of the quality management program of an HMO must be conducted at least once every five years (instead of once every three years). Amends the health benefit exchange law to provide that an individual who continues to pay premiums for a policy or contract offered by a qualified health plan issuer in a benefit year that follows the benefit year in which the individual purchased the original policy or contract is considered to have purchased a new policy or contract for the purposes of the federal regulation providing that Medicare entitlement or enrollment is not a basis to nonrenew an individual's health insurance coverage in the individual market under the same policy or contract of insurance.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Absentee voting.. Description: Absentee voting. Provides that an agency of the state or a political subdivision may not provide an individual with an application for an absentee ballot unless requested by the individual or a member of the individual's family. Provides that an absentee ballot application must request that the applicant include: (1) certain identification numbers; or (2) a photocopy of: (A) the applicant's Indiana driver's license, (B) the applicant's Indiana identification card number for nondrivers, or (C) other specified proof of identification. Provides that the application form must state that an applicant may include only one of the identification numbers or one of the documents, but the application may be delayed if the county election board cannot match at least one of the numbers with the voter's registration record. Allows an individual to provide, for purposes of accessing an absentee ballot application submitted in an electronic format: (1) the individual's Indiana identification card number for nondrivers; or (2) the unique identifying number assigned to the voter's registration record in the computerized list; as an alternative to the options available under current law. (Current law requires the provision of the individual's Indiana driver's license number or the last four digits of the individual's Social Security number.) Specifies that certain information and documentation is confidential. Specifies when a county voter registration office is required to redact particular confidential information. Requires a county election board to implement specified procedures if the county election board cannot match at least one of the numbers with the voter's registration record. Requires the bureau of motor vehicles (BMV) to provide particular information each day to the secretary of state (secretary) and the election division. Requires the secretary and the election division to provide specified information to each county voter registration office. Specifies that if certain information provided by the BMV is not a part of the voter's registration record, the county voter registration office shall update the voter's registration record to include this information. Requires a circuit court clerk or director of a board of elections and registration (clerk) to transmit certain information to an applicant who submits an application to receive an absentee ballot by mail if the application does not fully comply with particular laws. Specifies a process by which a clerk may: (1) deliver a second absentee ballot application; (2) approve a second absentee ballot application; and (3) provide an absentee ballot; to a voter who timely submits a defective application to receive an absentee ballot. Provides that a voter who receives an absentee ballot under certain provisions may return the voted ballot: (1) in person to the absentee voter board; or (2) to the county election board; before the deadline for receipt of absentee ballots. Requires uniform application if a clerk uses this provision. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various election law matters.. Description: Various election law matters. Modifies the date associated with references in the election code to a federal statute or regulation. Removes and updates obsolete date references from Indiana election law. Specifies additional requirements for a certificate of ascertainment of presidential electors. Modifies the day of the week that presidential electors must assemble to elect the President and Vice President of the United States.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various election law matters.. Description: Various election law matters. Adds the U.S. Space Force to the definition of "uniformed services" in election law. Provides that electronic signatures may be used for the reporting of campaign contributions and expenditures. Provides that election form approval procedures do not apply to a form incorporated only into the statewide voter registration system. Makes other technical changes relating to approval of election forms. Provides that a statute prohibiting the use of the circuit court clerk's name on a ballot if the clerk is a candidate for an office on the ballot does not apply if the only office for which the individual is a candidate is a political party office. Requires a candidate to specify on the candidate's candidacy document each designation that the candidate wants to use on the ballot. Requires the election division to design all candidacy documents so that the form of the document enables the candidate to insert in a separate field of the document each of the separate designations that a candidate is permitted to use under election law. Provides that an individual is considered to have resigned as an elected official of a unit when the person becomes an employee of the unit the individual serves as an elected official. Provides that certain mailings required by election law be sent by first class mail with tracking rather than by certified mail. Provides that a statute that permits removal and fining of a precinct election officer who fails to perform duties is applicable to an absentee voter board member and to an absentee ballot counter. Authorizes a county election board to permit individuals who are candidates for certain political party offices and relatives of such individuals to serve as precinct election officers if the county election board finds that enough individuals are not available to serve as precinct election officers. Requires the bureau of motor vehicles commission to forward the voter registration part of an application and any declination to register to the election division for transmittal to the appropriate county voter registration office. Adds law enforcement agencies that receive voter registrations to the list of voter registration agencies that are not subject to certain requirements relating to filing voter registration applications. Provides that the statewide voter registration system must contain a feature that identifies potential nonresidential addresses submitted on voter registration applications. Provides additional procedures for updating a copy of a voter's original signature in the statewide voter registration file. Adds judges of city and town courts to the list of officials that must file a statement of economic interest before filing a candidacy document. Provides that an officeholder is not entitled to salary until a statement of economic interest is filed, if required. Provides that, for purposes of determining whether a candidate is affiliated with a particular major political party, the candidate must have voted in that party's two most recent primary elections. (Under current law, a candidate is required to have voted in the political party's most recent primary election.) Provides that if an election district is included entirely within one precinct, and does not include the entire precinct, the petition of nomination must be signed by at least five voters of the election district. Provides that if a special election to fill a vacancy in the office of United States Representative is held on the same day of the election to elect the individual to serve in the succeeding term, an individual may appear on the ballot as a candidate in both elections. Provides that in such an election for United States Representative, the ballot must list the election to fill the office vacancy immediately after the election for the next term of the office. Requires the chair of a political committee to file a final report for a treasurer if the treasurer has died or is otherwise unable to file the report. Provides that the statute requiring reporting of "large" campaign contributions does not require the reporting of a contribution unless it is accepted by the candidate's candidate committee. Provides language for printing on ballots when no candidate has filed for the office. Eliminates the requirement that counties send duplicate copies of state election returns to the election division. Provides that a county executive is not required to establish precincts so that a precinct contains not more than 2,000 active voters or 2,300 active voters if the precinct is in a county designated as a vote center county. Provides that in addition to precinct boundaries, the name of a precinct as included in the federal decennial census data becomes the official name of the precinct. Requires that a ballot be arranged so that all candidates for the same office appear on the same page or the same screen. Permits the use of an electronic device at a precinct or vote center to display a sample ballot. Provides procedures for ballot layout when a candidate dies or is no longer eligible to appear on the ballot. Requires a circuit court clerk who receives an absentee ballot application from a voter who is not registered to vote in the county to send the application to the circuit court clerk of the county in which the voter is registered. Provides that the designation of a voter as an absent uniformed services voter, an overseas voter, or a voter with print disabilities expires January 1 after such a voter has submitted an absentee ballot application indicating such designation. Provides that, after December 31, 2024, all absentee ballots must be printed on security paper that incorporates features that can be used to authenticate the ballot. Provides that a voter must file residence documentation before 6 p.m. on election day. Provides that only the individuals who are permitted to be in the polls on election day are permitted to be in the room where early absentee voting is occurring. Provides that a county election board may send a signed form from a public test to the election division by electronic mail or fax. Provides that an application fee for certification of a voting system does not apply if the application is for a de minimis change. Authorizes the repurposing of an electronic poll book unit as a device to display sample ballots if the electronic poll book software is deleted from the unit. Requires absentee ballot counters to begin counting absentee ballots beginning at 6:00 a.m. on election day if certain conditions are met. Provides that if there is a discrepancy on political party primary ballot choice between the federal write-in absentee ballot and the federal post card application, the federal post card application supersedes the federal write-in absentee ballot. Provides that if an individual who holds a local office is elected to another term in that office and subsequently dies or is disqualified before the next term is scheduled to begin, a vacancy is created that must be filled as otherwise provided by law. Adjusts the schedule for conducting a post-election audit if a contest or recount has been filed affecting the county. Provides that a notice of death of a local office holder is required to be filed only with the circuit court clerk. (Under current law, notice must also be filed with the prosecuting attorney.) Exempts a member of a fiscal or legislative body from assuming certain duties during a vacancy. Requires a magistrate to deposit a copy of the magistrate's oath in the office of the circuit court clerk of the county in which the magistrate resides or serves. Requires the certification of a question on a referendum to occur not later than noon 74 days before a special election. Provides that a personal representative of a decedent who was a treasurer or candidate for office may disband the committee associated with the decedent's office or campaign. Removes references to "independent tickets" in election law. Makes several other technical changes. Repeals the law concerning the affidavit eligibility of a precinct election officer.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Department of child services matters.. Description: Department of child services matters. Defines "Indian child" for purposes of family and juvenile law. Provides that certain records relating to foster care children may be maintained in an electronic format. Provides that certain individuals may request a child's Social Security number for income tax purposes. Requires the department of child services (department) to: (1) develop a form an individual may submit to request a child's Social Security number; and (2) approve or deny a request for a child's Social Security number not later than 10 business days after receiving the request. Requires the department to approve an individual's request for a child's Social Security number if: (1) the child lived with the individual in the 18 months preceding the request; and (2) the child lived with the individual for: (A) at least six months in any one calendar year; or (B) more than 1/2 of the days the child lived during a calendar year if the child was born or died in the calendar year; unless the child does not have a Social Security number or the department does not have a record of the child's Social Security number. Provides that certain information, documents, reports, pictures, videos, images, or recordings related to department matters are confidential. Requires that information that is otherwise confidential must be made available to: (1) a tribal representative, agency, or organization authorized by an Indian child's tribe to care for, diagnose, treat, review, evaluate, or monitor active efforts regarding the Indian child, and the Indian child's parent, guardian, or custodian; and (2) the United States Department of State and foreign governments to comply with federal law and treaties. Provides that the department: (1) may; and (2) under specified circumstances, shall; notify a child care worker's employer of a substantiated report of child abuse or neglect made against the child care worker. Makes a technical correction.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: PFAS-free firefighter gear.. Description: PFAS-free firefighter gear. Provides that, after June 30, 2024, an Indiana fire department may not purchase firefighting gear unless it contains a permanently affixed label indicating whether or not the firefighting gear contains PFAS.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Direct support professionals.. Description: Direct support professionals. Requires the division of disability and rehabilitative services (division) to establish and maintain a direct support professional registry and to make the registry available to authorized division personnel and authorized service providers. Requires a direct support professional to register with the division in order to provide direct support services. Requires the division to adopt rules to implement the registry, including establishing definitions and levels for substantiated abuse, neglect, and exploitation, the highest of which is the minimum the division must report to the registry. Requires the division to consult with stakeholders and establish a tiered training certification program for direct support professionals. Requires the division to issue a request for proposals before January 1, 2024, to operate the training program. Requires the division to make every effort to contract with a vendor for the training program not later than January 1, 2025. Requires a selected vendor to begin operating the training program before July 1, 2025. Requires the division to first use any funds available from the federal American Rescue Plan Act in developing the registry before using other available funds. Allows the division to use any federal dollars available for the registry and training. Requires the division to apply to the federal government for approval of Medicaid reimbursement for services provided by a direct support professional.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Occupational regulations.. Description: Occupational regulations. Provides that all occupational regulations must be limited to those demonstrably necessary and carefully tailored to fulfill legitimate public health, safety, or welfare objectives. Requires each public agency to conduct a review of all occupational regulations within the public agency's jurisdiction not later than July 1, 2025. Provides that a public agency shall take certain actions to modify or repeal an occupational regulation that does not conform to these standards. Provides that after July 1, 2025, a person who engages in an occupation or profession to which an occupational regulation applies may file a petition for repeal or modification of the occupational regulation with the public agency having jurisdiction over enforcement of the occupational regulation.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Disposal of firearms by trade for new equipment.. Description: Disposal of firearms by trade for new equipment. Permits a law enforcement agency to dispose of certain confiscated firearms by trade with a licensed firearms dealer, a licensed firearm manufacturer, or another law enforcement agency in exchange for new firearms and other law enforcement equipment. Sets forth the recording and reporting requirements for the trade of firearms by a law enforcement agency.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Outdoor refreshment areas.. Description: Outdoor refreshment areas. Allows a city or town to designate an outdoor location as a refreshment area with the approval of the alcohol and tobacco commission (commission). Provides that if a refreshment area is approved, the commission designates retailer permittees that may sell alcoholic beverages for consumption within the refreshment area. Prohibits a refreshment area from being located near a school or church unless the school or church does not object. Allows a minor to be within the refreshment area. Makes it a Class C infraction for a participating retailer permittee or vendor to: (1) sell a person more than one alcoholic beverage at a time or an alcoholic beverage that exceeds the volume limitations; or (2) allow a person who is not wearing a wristband identification to enter the refreshment area with an alcoholic beverage.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Telehealth services.. Description: Telehealth services. Provides (beginning January 1, 2024) that the office of Medicaid policy and planning may not require: (1) a provider that is licensed, certified, registered, or authorized with the appropriate state agency or board and exclusively offers telehealth services to maintain a physical address or site in Indiana to be eligible for enrollment as a Medicaid provider; or (2) a telehealth provider group with providers that are licensed, certified, registered, or authorized with the appropriate state agency or board to have an in-state service address to be eligible to enroll as a Medicaid vendor or Medicaid provider group.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Service animals.. Description: Service animals. Provides that only a dog or miniature horse qualify as a service animal.  Provides that a public accommodation shall make reasonable modifications in policies, practices, or procedures to permit the use of a miniature horse by an individual with a disability. Sets forth certain requirements when permitting or not permitting a person with a disability to bring a service animal on the premises of a public accommodation.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Township merger pilot program.. Description: Township merger pilot program. Establishes a pilot program that provides for: (1) the merger of townships into a single township government in Blackford County and Switzerland County; and (2) the merger of townships into not more than two township governments in Crawford County.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Criminal mischief and criminal trespass.. Description: Criminal mischief and criminal trespass. Provides that a person who recklessly, knowingly, or intentionally damages the property of a scientific research facility without the consent of, or with consent which was fraudulently obtained from, the owner, possessor, or occupant of the property that is damaged commits criminal mischief, a Class A misdemeanor. Provides that a person who, not having a contractual interest in the property, knowingly or intentionally enters the real property of a scientific research facility without the permission of, or with permission which was fraudulently obtained from, the owner of the scientific research facility or an authorized person, and knowingly or intentionally engages in conduct that causes property damage to: (1) the owner of or a person having a contractual interest in the scientific research facility; (2) the operator of the scientific research facility; or (3) a person having personal property located on the property of the scientific research facility; commits criminal trespass, a Level 6 felony.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Machine guns.. Description: Machine guns. Revises, for purposes of an enhancement and certain criminal offenses, a definition of "machine gun". Provides that particular criminal offenses concerning machine guns do not apply to certain persons, including persons possessing machine guns or other items not required to be registered in the National Firearms Registration and Transfer Record maintained by the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Makes a conforming amendment.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Richard A. Arkanoff, the second.. Description: Congratulating Richard A. Arkanoff, the second.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Credentialing for Medicaid services.. Description: Credentialing for Medicaid services. Requires the office of Medicaid policy and planning (office) to prescribe a credentialing application form to be used by: (1) a provider who applies for credentialing by a managed care organization or a contractor of the office (contractor); and (2) a managed care organization or contractor that performs credentialing activities. Requires a managed care organization or contractor to notify a provider concerning: (1) any deficiency in the provider's unclean credentialing application; and (2) the status of the provider's clean credentialing application. Provides that if the managed care organization or contractor fails to issue a credentialing determination within 30 days after receiving a provider's completed credentialing application, the managed care organization or contractor shall provisionally credential the provider if the provider meets certain criteria. Provides that if the managed care organization or contractor fully credentials a provider, then reimbursement payments to the provider shall be paid retroactive to the date on which the initial credentialing application was received and the provider shall be reimbursed at the rates determined by the contract between the provider and the managed care organization or contractor.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Robotics programs.. Description: Robotics programs. Establishes the robotics competition program to provide grants to eligible robotics competition teams (eligible teams) in order to expand opportunities to increase interest and improve skills in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics through participation in competitive robotics programs. Provides a procedure for eligible teams to apply to the department of education (department) to receive a grant. Establishes the robotics competition program fund. Provides that the department shall establish guidelines to: (1) award grants to eligible teams for allowable expenses; and (2) accommodate the participation of students with disabilities on eligible teams or in robotics competitions.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Stop the bleed program.. Description: Stop the bleed program. Establishes the stop the bleed donation pool for the purpose of receiving donations of gifts or donations. Provides that the stop the bleed donation pool is administered by the department of homeland security. Provides that a public safety agency may request bleeding control kits or donations made to the pool.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Statute of limitation on certain claims.. Description: Statute of limitation on certain claims. Provides that an action for injury to a person that results from the sexual abuse of a child, that has expired under the current statute of limitations, may be commenced at any time against certain entities seeking bankruptcy protections.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Assessment of wind power devices.. Description: Assessment of wind power devices. Requires a public utility company that owns or operates a wind power device after a change in ownership of the wind power device to report, when filing its first statement of value and description of property with the department of local government finance (department), the valuation of the device at the same valuation amount that the previous owner reported on the previous owner's last annual report before the change in ownership if the valuation amount that the acquiring public utility company would otherwise enter on its first report is lower than the valuation amount at which the previous owner valued the wind power device before the change in ownership. Requires the new owner, for years subsequent to the first year after the change in ownership, to calculate and report the valuation of the wind power device in accordance with: (1) the statute concerning the taxation of public utility companies; and (2) rules prescribed by the department. Provides that for any year subsequent to the first year after the change in ownership of a wind power device, the department, in determining the just value of the property, shall not consider valuations determined by another governmental agency. Provides that these requirements do not apply to a public utility company that owns or operates one or more wind power devices and that has signed or countersigned an economic development agreement, or another financial agreement, that is entered into: (1) with the county in which the public utility company's wind power devices are located; and (2) for the purpose of repowering, or upgrading the technology used in, the wind power devices; before a sale or transfer of the wind power devices. Requires the department to make necessary conforming changes to the annual report form. Requires the Indiana utility regulatory commission to include a provision in an order declining to exercise jurisdiction over a public utility company that: (1) owns or operates one or more wind power devices; or (2) plans to own or operate one or more wind power devices; requiring the public utility to notify the department of any change in ownership of the wind power devices. Requires that before November 1, 2024, and before November 1, 2025, the department shall prepare, submit in an electronic format, and present a report on: (1) the valuation of wind power devices; and (2) the department's progress in implementing the bill's provisions; to the interim study committee on energy, utilities, and telecommunications. Amends the Indiana Code provision that sets forth how the department is to determine the just value of the property of a public utility company to provide an exception from the specified procedures with respect to the determination of the just value of wind power devices.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Sewage matters.. Description: Sewage matters. Provides that a wastewater utility that is not subject to the jurisdiction of the Indiana utility regulatory commission (commission) and that receives wholesale wastewater service from another wastewater utility may not: (1) disconnect from wholesale wastewater service provided by the other wastewater utility; and (2) construct a new wastewater treatment plant to serve its customers; unless the wastewater utility obtains the approval of the commission. Requires: (1) a regional sewage district; or (2) certain municipalities; at least 90 days before requiring the connection of a property to a sewer system and the discontinuance of use of the property's septic system, to notify the property's owner about a statutory exemption from the requirement to connect to the sewer system that may apply to the property. Requires the Indiana department of health to update: (1) all matters incorporated by reference in the Indiana department of health rules concerning residential onsite sewage systems (the rules); and (2) all industry standard practices reflected in the rules; upon the recognition of new bulletins, standards, specifications, and industry standard practices that supersede the bulletins, standards, specifications, and industry standard practices incorporated by reference or otherwise reflected in the rules. Provides that the technical review panel must approve the updates before the Indiana department of health may update the rules. Provides that a county, city, or town ordinance that would restrict or prohibit the use of technology new to Indiana that has been approved by the technical review panel or that would otherwise vary from the rules: (1) if adopted after June 30, 2023, is not effective unless it is submitted to and approved by the technical review panel; and (2) if adopted before July 1, 2023, becomes void and unenforceable on July 1, 2023. Allows such an ordinance: (1) to be readopted by the legislative body of the county, city, or town; and (2) to be submitted to and approved by the technical review panel. Prohibits the installation of a residential onsite sewage system less than 25 feet from the edge of a sinkhole. Provides that an ordinance adopted by a local health department requiring an inspection of a septic system that is more stringent than the Indiana department of health's rule concerning residential onsite sewage systems is void and unenforceable. Provides that if a qualified professional listed in this bill has approved the design and specifications for the residential onsite sewage system, the local health department shall issue a permit for the residential onsite sewage system not more than 30 business days after receiving a complete application for the permit. Provides that a residential onsite sewage system may be installed in a lot meeting a certain description if at least one site on the lot is determined to be suitable for the installation of the residential onsite sewage system. Prohibits an employee of a local health department from entering a property to inspect a residential onsite sewage system: (1) if qualified professional listed in the bill has notified the local health department within the preceding 180 days that the residential onsite sewage system is functioning properly; or (2) if the owner or occupant has not been notified of the inspection by first class mail at least seven days before the inspection date. Provides the procedures for an owner or occupant of a property in which the local health department has determined that a residential onsite sewage system is in failure to receive a second opinion in order to withdraw the local health department's order. Provides that an individual who: (1) is registered with at least one Indiana county to provide onsite sewage system service; and (2) is certified as an inspector or installer by the Indiana Onsite Wastewater Professionals Association is entitled to provide onsite sewage system service in any county in Indiana, but may be required to pay a county license or registration fee before providing onsite sewage system service in a county other than the county in which the individual is licensed.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Parental rights.. Description: Parental rights. Provides that the state of Indiana, a political subdivision or other governmental entity of the state of Indiana, a government official, or any other person acting under the color of law shall not infringe on the fundamental right of a parent to direct the upbringing, education, health care, and mental health of the parent's child without demonstrating that the infringement: (1) is required by a compelling governmental interest of the highest order as long recognized in the history and traditions of the state of Indiana; and (2) as applied to the child, is narrowly tailored and not otherwise served by a less restrictive means. Creates a right of action for violation of a parent's rights with respect to the upbringing, education, and health care of the parent's child. Provides that a child is not a child in need of services due to the child's parent, guardian, or custodian: (1) referring to and raising the child consistent with the child's biological sex; or (2) declining to consent to the child receiving: (A) specified medication; (B) a medical procedure the purpose of which is to alter the apparent gender or sex of the child or affirm the child's perception of the child's gender or sex in a manner inconsistent with the child's biological sex; or (C) counseling or other mental health services the purpose of which is to affirm the child's perception of the child's gender or sex if the child's perception is inconsistent with the child's biological sex. Provides that if the juvenile court finds that a child is a child in need of services because the child substantially endangers the child's own or another's health, the court shall release the child to the child's parent, guardian, or custodian and may not enter a dispositional decree ordering removal of the child, unless: (1) the court also finds that the child is a child in need of services for another reason; or (2) the parent, guardian, or custodian consents to the child being removed from the child's home. Specifies that the parental rights and responsibilities do not: (1) authorize a parent to: (A) abuse or neglect a child; or (B) make the decision to end the child's life; or (2) prohibit a court from issuing an order that is otherwise permitted by law. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Multiple employer welfare arrangements.. Description: Multiple employer welfare arrangements. Requires a multiple employer welfare arrangement (MEWA) providing benefits for employers that are public entities to provide each public entity that has 51 or more employees covered under the arrangement access to claims data specific to that public entity.  Provides that, within a reasonable time after receiving a written request from a participating employer that is a public entity, a MEWA must provide to the public entity certain loss history information concerning the benefits provided by the MEWA for the public entity. Also imposes the duty to provide the loss history information upon the insurer providing the group insurance policy if the MEWA provides benefits for the public entity through a group insurance policy and upon the health maintenance organization if the MEWA provides benefits for the public entity through a group health maintenance contract. Provides that a policy of stop loss insurance issued by a reinsurer to a MEWA providing benefits for a public entity must cover claims submitted within the timely filing limit of the policy and the policy provisions of the stop loss coverage. Prohibits the department of insurance from adopting or enforcing any rule that would reduce the timely filing limit specified within the policy and the policy provisions of the stop loss coverage. Makes the violation of the requirements relating to a MEWA that provides benefits for a public entity an unfair method of competition and an unfair and deceptive act and practice for which the insurance commissioner may issue a cease and desist order, impose a civil penalty, and suspend or revoke a MEWA's certificate of registration.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Speed limit reduction on county streets or highways.. Description: Speed limit reduction on county streets or highways. Provides that if the county executive of a county determines that the maximum speed permitted is greater or less than reasonable and safe under the conditions found to exist on a street or highway, or part of a street or highway, under the jurisdiction of the county, the county executive may determine and declare a reasonable and safe maximum limit on the street or highway, or part of the street or highway, without performing an engineering and traffic investigation. Provides that the maximum limit declared by the county executive may decrease the limit on the street or highway in the county, or part of the street or highway in the county, but not to less than 35 miles per hour.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Reimbursement for prosthetic and orthotic devices.. Description: Reimbursement for prosthetic and orthotic devices. Provides that orthotic devices are provided under Medicaid. Requires the office of Medicaid policy and planning to apply for any state plan amendment or waiver necessary to include prosthetic and orthotic devices under Medicaid. Specifies that a minor may receive a prosthetic or orthotic device for the recipient's medical needs and a device for recreational activities. Requires reimbursement for the replacement of an orthotic device or a prosthetic device for a minor for certain reasons.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Utility deferred costs and accounting practices.. Description: Utility deferred costs and accounting practices. Amends the Indiana Code provision concerning a system of accounting for public utilities to provide the following: (1) That a public utility, municipally owned utility, or not-for-profit utility may defer for consideration by the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC) and for future recovery costs incurred or to be incurred in a regulatory asset, to the extent that the specific costs are incremental and are not otherwise already included for recovery in the utility's rates. (2) That preapproval of the IURC is not required for the creation of a regulatory asset. (3) That a public utility, municipally owned utility, or not-for-profit utility may recover through the utility's rates over a reasonable period, as determined by the IURC, costs that are: (A) deferred under these provisions; and (B) found to be reasonable and prudent by the IURC. Amends the Indiana Code provision concerning a public utility's depreciation account and depreciation rates to provide the following: (1) That depreciation rates shall be calculated to recover a reasonable estimate of the future cost of removing retired assets of the public utility. (2) That in a proceeding in which the costs of a capital asset are being recognized for ratemaking purposes, a public utility may account for any asset retirement obligations and recover, through rates charged to customers, reasonably and prudently incurred costs associated with asset retirement obligations, to the extent the specific asset retirement obligation costs are incremental and have not been included in depreciation rates. (3) That the IURC shall make changes in a public utility's depreciation rates as necessary to reflect changes in: (A) the public utility's estimated asset retirement costs, including all reasonable and prudent costs of removing retired assets; and (B) the estimated retirement dates of the public utility's assets. Amends the Indiana Code chapter concerning federally mandated requirements for energy utilities to specify that recovery of the 80% of IURC-approved federally mandated costs that an energy utility may recover through a rate adjustment mechanism must commence no earlier than: (A) the date of a final agency action regarding the federally mandated requirement; or (B) in the absence of a final agency action, the date on which the federally mandated requirement becomes effective.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Annexation of residential developments.. Description: Annexation of residential developments. Permits a third class city to annex an area that is a proposed residential development in which not all lots have been platted or dwellings have been constructed. Expands the area outside the city in which the annexation can occur from three miles to 4.5 miles.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Electric transmission facilities.. Description: Electric transmission facilities. Amends the chapter in the Indiana Code concerning electric transmission facilities as follows: (1) Specifies that the term "electric transmission facility" does not include a line installed solely for the purpose of connecting an electric generation facility to facilities owned by a public utility. (2) Repeals the definition of "local reliability electric transmission facility" and makes conforming changes. (3) Amends the provisions concerning an incumbent electric transmission owner's right of first refusal to construct, own, operate, and maintain certain electric transmission facilities, or upgrades to certain electric transmission facilities, as follows: (A) Specifies that the right of first refusal applies with respect to: (ii) the construction; or (ii) upgrades; of electric transmission facilities if the construction or upgrades have been approved through a regional transmission organization (RTO) planning process. (B) Provides that if an electric transmission facility has been approved for construction through an RTO planning process: (i) each incumbent electric transmission owner that has a right to construct, own, operate, and maintain the electric transmission facility shall give written notice to the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission (IURC), not later than 90 days after the construction is approved, regarding the incumbent electric transmission owner's intent to construct, own, operate, and maintain the approved electric transmission facility; and (ii) if an incumbent electric transmission owner gives notice of intent not to construct the approved electric transmission facility, another entity may seek to construct the approved electric transmission facility in accordance with the RTO planning process and the bill's provisions. (C) Provides that if an incumbent electric transmission owner gives to the IURC during a calendar year notice of its intent to construct, own, operate, and maintain an approved electric transmission facility, the incumbent electric transmission owner shall, not later than May 1 of the subsequent calendar year, provide the IURC with certain specified information. (D) Provides that an incumbent electric transmission owner that exercises its right to construct an approved electric transmission facility must, to the extent commercially practicable, use competitively bid engineering, procurement, or construction contracts that meet the specifications required by the incumbent electric transmission owner with respect to the facility.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Study of homeowners association issues.. Description: Study of homeowners association issues. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the task of studying specific issues concerning homeowners associations.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Energy production and resources.. Description: Energy production and resources. Requires the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC) to issue an order granting or denying an application for a certificate of public convenience and necessity (certificate) not later than 240 days after the filing of the application and the submission of the applicant's case in chief. Authorizes the IURC to issue a general administrative order establishing guidelines regarding the information to be included in an applicant's case in chief. Amends the statute providing certain financial incentives for energy utilities in connection with clean energy projects as follows: (1) Provides that a "clean energy project" includes a project to construct or repower, after July 1, 2011, a natural gas facility to displace electricity generation from an existing coal fired generation facility. (2) Provides that an "eligible business" for purposes of eligibility for incentives authorized under the statute includes a joint agency created under the Indiana Code chapter authorizing municipal electric utility programs. (3) Provides (through an amendment to a cross-referenced definition in the Indiana Code chapter governing the Indiana voluntary clean energy portfolio standard program) that for purposes of a clean energy project involving a renewable energy resource project, a "renewable energy resource" includes gas that is derived from the decomposition of organic matter and that: (A) is fully interchangeable with; or (B) can be combined with; conventional natural gas for purposes of generating electricity. (4) Provides that the IURC may provide an incentive under the statute for a project that the IURC finds to be just and reasonable (rather than "reasonable and necessary" under current law). (5) Provides that the IURC may not approve the timely recovery of costs and expenses incurred during the construction and operation of a project unless the IURC finds that recovery of the costs and expenses: (A) is just and reasonable; and (B) will result in a gross financing costs savings over the life of the project. (6) Eliminates the incentive authorizing up to three percentage points on the return on shareholder equity that would otherwise be allowed to be earned on certain clean energy projects. (7) Amends the language prescribing the time frame within which the IURC must issue a determination as to a project's eligibility for the available financial incentives to require the IURC to issue the determination not later than: (A) 120 days after the date of the application; or (B) the time frame prescribed in the bill for the IURC to grant or deny a certificate if a certificate is required for the project. Provides, for purposes of the oil and gas law (which requires the natural resources commission to adopt rules to prevent waste and prohibits actions in the extraction of coal bed methane that would waste commercially minable coal resources), that the term "waste" does not include capturing and destroying coal bed methane for a commercial purpose, including the generation of carbon credits.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Dementia care.. Description: Dementia care. Provides that an area agency on aging designated by the bureau of aging services (area agency) may establish a dementia care specialist program. Allows an area agency to designate at least one individual as a dementia care specialist to administer the program. Provides that the division of aging (division) may employ a dementia care specialist coordinator. Sets forth the duties of: (1) a dementia care specialist; and (2) the dementia care specialist coordinator; if an area agency or the division establishes those positions. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Publication of local government notices.. Description: Publication of local government notices. Provides that a towing service is subject to the same public notice advertising rates as a government agency if the service: (1) acts as an agent of a government agency; and (2) provides the notice required to dispose of abandoned vehicles or parts. Provides for the creation of a public notice task force (task force) to study notice publication statutes for the purpose of streamlining the process and maximizing value to Indiana citizens. Provides the following: (1) The task force must publish a report with its determinations and recommendations for legislation not later than December 1, 2023. (2) The task force expires December 31, 2023.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Audit of Medicaid program prescription drug costs.. Description: Audit of Medicaid program prescription drug costs. Amends the requirements for a physician to provide office based opioid treatment. Provides that the attorney general may issue a request for proposal to audit the prescription drug programs within the state employee health plan and the Medicaid program. Provides that the attorney general may evaluate and determine whether to include specified metrics in the request for proposal. Provides that the audit look back period must be the previous five state fiscal years. Provides that the results of the audits must be provided to the interim study committee on public health, behavioral health, and human services before September 1, 2024. Provides that a practitioner is not required to obtain information about a patient from the Indiana scheduled prescription electronic collection and tracking program (INSPECT) data base or through the patient's integrated health record before prescribing certain medications if the patient is enrolled in a hospice program.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Provides that, if a school corporation or qualified school uses a third party vendor in providing certain personal analyses, evaluations, or surveys, the third party vendor and the school corporation or qualified school may not record, collect, or maintain the responses to or results of the analysis, evaluation, or survey in a manner that would identify the responses or results of an individual student. Provides that, if a school corporation or qualified school uses a third party vendor in providing the personal analysis, evaluation, or survey, the school corporation or qualified school must provide parents or students, as applicable, two requests for written consent before administering the analysis, evaluation, or survey. Provides that the school corporation or qualified school may administer the personal analysis, evaluation, or survey if a parent or student, as applicable, does not decline the analysis, evaluation, or survey. Requires each school corporation or qualified school to: (1) post a copy of a personal analysis, evaluation, or survey on the school corporation's or qualified school's website; and (2) send with each notice an explanation of the reasons that the school corporation or qualified school is administering the personal analysis, evaluation, or survey. Requires each qualified school to establish and maintain a grievance procedure for complaints regarding a violation of this provision. Provides that, if a state agency, school corporation, or qualified school or an employee of a state agency, school corporation, or qualified school requires, makes part of a course, awards a grade or course credit, or otherwise incentivizes a student to engage in: (1) political activism; (2) lobbying; or (3) efforts to persuade members of the legislative or executive branch at the federal, state, or local level; the state agency, school corporation, or qualified school or the employee of the state agency, school corporation, or qualified school shall not require the student to adopt, affirm, affiliate, or take any action that would result in favoring any particular position on the issue or issues involved without offering an alternative option for the student to complete the assignment or receive extra credit or other incentivization that allows for the favoring of an alternative position. After June 30, 2023, requires certain contracts between a school corporation or a qualified school and a third party vendor concerning a personal analysis, survey, or evaluation to contain a breach of contract provision. Requires schools to adopt policies and procedures concerning material alleged to be obscene or harmful to minors. Removes schools from the list of entities eligible for a specified defense to such criminal prosecutions.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Twenty-first century scholars program.. Description: Twenty-first century scholars program. Provides that the commission for higher education shall do the following: (1) In cooperation with the department of education, identify students who meet the requirements to participate in the twenty-first century scholars program (program). (2) Notify the student and the custodial parent or guardian of the student, if the student is an unemancipated minor, that: (A) the student is eligible to participate in the program; (B) the student must agree to the conditions required to participate in the program; and (C) the student has the right to opt out of the program at any time.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Unemployment compensation.. Description: Unemployment compensation. Amends the definition of "deductible income" for purposes of the unemployment compensation laws. Provides that, subject to certain exceptions, the department of workforce development may accept an offer in compromise from an employer or claimant to reduce past due debts arising from contributions or benefit overpayments. Provides that an individual is ineligible for benefits for any week that the individual receives payments equal to or exceeding the individual's weekly benefit amount in pension, retirement, or annuity payments under any plan of an employer where the employer contributes all of the money. (Under current law, the disqualification provision applies under any plan of an employer where the employer contributes a portion or all of the money.) Provides that the state of Indiana is not required to participate in or precluded from ceasing to participate in any offered or enacted voluntary, optional, special, or emergency federal program. Makes corresponding changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Department of local government finance.. Description: Department of local government finance. Provides that the term of any judgment funding bond with regard to either: (1) the city of Hobart; or (2) the Merrillville Community School Corporation; issued for the purpose of paying a property tax judgment rendered against Lake County for assessment year 2011, 2012, 2013, or 2014 shall be 25 years. Changes the sunset date for the procedure for selling certain bonds to July 1, 2025, and makes corresponding changes. Adds nonprofit building corporations created by a municipal corporation to a provision concerning the purchase of municipal securities by the treasurer of state and provides that such a security must have a stated final maturity of not more than 25 years after the date of purchase. Specifies expenses eligible for funding from the READI fund. Prohibits the department of local government finance from approving a county reassessment plan before the assessor provides verification that the land values determination has been completed. Removes language from a statute allowing a taxpayer to elect a special property tax valuation method for mini-mill equipment that prohibited the election if any outstanding bond obligations would be impaired as a result of the election. Requires an assessor determining land values to submit the values to the county property tax assessment board of appeals (PTABOA) and the department. Establishes procedures for rental property assessment appeals. Makes changes to a provision granting a property tax exemption to cemetery owners. Requires the land of controlled environment agriculture property to be classified and assessed as agricultural and the improvements to be classified and assessed as an agricultural greenhouse for property tax assessment. Prohibits a PTABOA determination of assessed value following a hearing that exceeds the original appealed assessed value at issue. Provides that a qualified taxing unit located in Lake County that has experienced a property tax revenue shortfall in one or more tax years: (1) resulting from erroneous assessed valuation figures; and (2) which was, or will be, at least $5,000,000, or 20% of its net tax levy, as a result of the erroneous assessed valuation amount; may apply to the treasurer for a loan from the counter-cyclical revenue and economic stabilization fund. Describes procedures, limitations, and uses for such loans. Limits the amount of loans to all qualified taxing units to $35,000,000. Prescribes a formula for determining a population growth of 150% for purposes of the exclusion from maximum ad valorem property tax levy limits for municipalities that meet specified criteria. Makes changes to statutes concerning maximum property tax levies for: (1) Sugar Creek Township Fire Protection District; and (2) Otter Creek Township. Amends an exclusion from the definition of "controlled project" for projects required by a court order. Extends through 2026 the authority for certain school corporations to allocate circuit breaker credits proportionately but imposes limitations with respect to school corporation eligibility to allocate such credits. Repeals the provision establishing the division of data analysis of the department. Prohibits a county auditor from denying an application for a standard deduction for a homestead because the applicant does not have a valid driver's license with the address of the homestead property. Provides that when a county auditor submits a certified statement of assessed value to the department, the county auditor shall exclude the amount of assessed value for any property located in the county for which an appeal has been filed and for which there is no final disposition. Provides that a county auditor may appeal to the department to include the amount of assessed value under appeal within a taxing district for that calendar year. Provides for the expiration of certain supplemental county property tax levy provisions on the later of: (1) January 1, 2045; or (2) the date on which all bonds or lease agreements outstanding on July 1, 2023, for which a pledge of tax revenue is completely paid. Imposes reporting and publication requirements for those bonds and leases. Removes the requirement that a PTABOA quorum must include at least one certified level two or level three assessor-appraiser. Prescribes additional duties for the department. Provides that the distressed unit appeal board (DUAB) may employ staff (instead of an executive director). Provides that the department may (instead of shall) support the DUAB's duties using money from the department's budget funding. Repeals provisions requiring the DUAB to pay the emergency manager's compensation and to reimburse the emergency manager for actual and necessary expenses. Repeals the fiscal and qualitative indicators committee (committee). Replaces references to the committee with references to the DUAB. Provides that, in the assessment of tangible property, confidential information may be disclosed to an official or employee of a county assessor or auditor. Provides that the required annual visit between a representative of the department and each county may take place virtually. Requires a township or county assessor to document any changes made to the parcel characteristics of real property from the previous year's assessment in an assessment of the real property. Provides that a township may elect to establish a township firefighting fund and a township emergency services fund in lieu of the township firefighting and emergency services fund. Provides that the excess of the proceeds of the property taxes attributable to an increase in the property tax rate for a participating unit of a fire protection territory that is established after the establishment of a tax increment financing area located outside of Marion County shall be allocated to and distributed in the form of an allocated property tax revenue pass back to the participating unit of the fire protection territory and not to the redevelopment district. Provides that the fiscal body of a county may adopt an ordinance to establish a property tax amnesty program and require a waiver of interest and penalties added before January 1, 2023, on delinquent taxes and special assessments on real property in the county if certain conditions are met. Amends provisions excluding the part of a participating unit's proceeds of property taxes imposed in certain tax increment finance areas for an assessment date with respect to which the allocation and distribution is made that are attributable to property taxes imposed to meet the participating unit's obligations to a fire protection territory. Reduces the fee, from 15% to 10%, that the department of state revenue may charge a debtor for any debts collected as a collection fee for the department's services, not including local collection assistance fees. Establishes a tax credit for an eligible taxpayer that employs certain individuals with a disability. Provides that contributions to a 529 college savings account or 529A ABLE account made after December 31, 2023, shall be considered as having been made during the taxable year preceding the contribution if certain conditions are met. Beginning in taxable year 2024, allows the Indiana economic development corporation to award a qualified taxpayer a historic rehabilitation tax credit equal to 25% or 30% of the qualified expenditures incurred in the restoration and preservation of a qualified historic structure, depending on the type of historic structure. Provides a maximum tax rate that a county fiscal body may impose for correctional facilities and rehabilitation facilities. Provides that part of the tax revenue that is allocated to public safety may be distributed to certain township fire departments, volunteer fire departments, fire protection territories, or fire protection districts. Provides that the difference between the amount of special fuel purchased by a compressed natural gas product fuel station and the amount of compressed natural gas product produced and sold by the compressed natural gas product fuel station is exempt from the special fuel tax. Imposes taxes on the distribution of cigars. Requires each local unit that imposes a food and beverage tax to annually report information concerning distributions and expenditures of amounts received from the food and beverage tax. Provides that food and beverage taxes currently authorized under IC 6-9 and that do not otherwise contain an expiration date (other than the stadium and convention building authority food and beverage tax and the historic hotels food and beverage tax) shall expire on the later of: (1) January 1, 2045; or (2) the date on which all bonds or lease agreements outstanding on May 7, 2023, are completely paid. Requires each local unit that imposes a food and beverage tax that is subject to the expiration to provide to the state board of accounts a list of each bond or lease agreement outstanding on May 7, 2023, and the date on which each will be completely paid. Requires Monroe County and the city of Bloomington to each develop a written plan before December 1 of each year that includes certain information related to the use of food and beverage tax funds. Specifies that the written plan must be submitted to the department of local government finance and be made available on the gateway website within 30 days of submission. Requires the county and the city to spend money from the applicable food and beverage tax receipts fund before July 1, 2025. Provides that if the county and city do not spend money from the applicable food and beverage tax receipts fund as specified, the ordinance to impose the food and beverage tax is void and food and beverage tax revenue may not be collected. Provides that Monroe County may not adopt a new food and beverage tax ordinance after June 30, 2025. Authorizes the following municipalities to impose a food and beverage tax: (1) The city of Columbia City. (2) The town of Merrillville. (3) The city of Jasper. Authorizes Decatur County to impose a food and beverage tax. Makes certain changes regarding the distribution of revenue from the Tippecanoe County innkeeper's tax. Authorizes Parke County to impose its innkeeper's tax at a rate of 8% under the uniform innkeeper's tax statute (instead of 5% under current law). Authorizes Hamilton County to impose an innkeeper's tax under a separate innkeeper's tax statute at a rate of not more than 8% (rather than 5% under the uniform county innkeeper's tax). Requires notice if a county adopting body makes any fiscal decision that has a financial impact to an underlying local taxing unit or adopts an ordinance to reallocate revenue received from a local income tax. Specifies a statute of limitations for certain property tax appeals based on a claim of error in determining whether the property is or is not eligible for a standard homestead deduction. Makes changes to the timing for certain property tax appeals. Extends the sunset of the current calculation and allocation of certified shares among civil taxing units in Hamilton County from 2024 to 2026 and modifies the city of Carmel's certified shares determination under the calculation. Clarifies the term "video service". Modifies a provision concerning county membership on the governing and advisory boards of a community mental health center. Provides that, beginning January 1, 2026, an "eligible individual" for purposes of the achieving a better life experience (ABLE) program means an individual who during a taxable year: (1) is entitled to benefits based on blindness or disability under Title II or Title XVI of the federal Social Security Act and the blindness or disability occurred before the individual became 46 years of age (rather than 26 years of age under current law); or (2) has a disability certification that has been filed as set forth in Section 529A of the Internal Revenue Code. Increases amounts for which state educational institutions and school corporations may award contracts. Makes changes to the geothermal device deduction. Removes provisions that require a county to meet certain qualifications before it is authorized to adopt an emergency medical services local income tax rate. Provides that if the sale price of distressed property exceeds $50,000, a redevelopment commission must obtain two independent appraisals before purchasing the property. Provides (beginning on or after January 1, 2024) that the legislative body of a town that has a mayor as a result of a reorganization may hire or contract with competent attorneys and legal research assistants on terms it considers appropriate. Repeals a statute requiring the county recorder to provide to the county auditor a list of recorded mortgage releases. Makes changes to various definitions in the Indiana Code chapter concerning rail transit development districts and makes a corresponding change to the local income tax increment fund. Changes the dates on which the department of state revenue determines base period amounts and increment revenue for the purpose of the Indiana Code chapter concerning rail transit development districts and allows the state department (if necessary) to redetermine base period amounts and increment revenue. Removes language under current law relating to salaries of the members of a flood control board who hold a lucrative office. Provides that a political subdivision may not inspect a rental unit or impose a fee pertaining to the inspection of a rental unit, if the rental unit, in addition to meeting certain other requirements, provides a written report that the rental property has been inspected or that a sample of the rental community has been inspected if the sample size complies with the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development's Rural Development for Real Estate Assessment Center inspections. Allows the county legislative body of a county in which a fire protection district includes all of the incorporated and unincorporated area of the county to adopt an ordinance to establish a nine member fire protection district governing board (governing board). Provides that on the date set forth in the ordinance establishing the governing board: (1) the governing board has the powers and duties of the board of fire trustees; and (2) the board of fire trustees acts solely as an advisory body to the governing board. Provides that the president and vice president of a redevelopment commission shall not have the same appointing authority. Expires on June 30, 2027, the amended changes made to the residential housing development program statute by the general assembly in the 2023 session or subsequent session, and on July 1, 2027, reinstates the residential housing development program statute as it appears in current law. Expires on June 30, 2027, the provisions added in HEA 1157 for a residential housing program in Marion County. Specifies information reporting requirements regarding residential housing development programs. Allows a redevelopment commission to expend revenues from a tax increment financing district that are allocated for police and fire services on both capital expenditures and operating expenses. Requires a redevelopment commission to provide an annual spending plan listing planned expenditures for the next calendar year. Provides that, for 2023, an ordinance or resolution to establish or expand a fire protection territory is adopted after the legislative body holds at least three public hearings to receive public comment on the proposed ordinance or resolution in which: (1) at least one public hearing must be held at least 25 days before the legislative body votes on the adoption of the ordinance or resolution; and (2) at least two additional public hearings must be held not later than five days before the legislative body votes on the adoption of the ordinance or resolution. Provides a property tax exemption for certain continuing care retirement communities or licensed health care facilities for taxes first due and payable in 2023, 2024, and 2025. Authorizes the emergency manager for the Gary school corporation to make a one-time transfer of non-federal dollars to any school corporation fund. Provides certain interest wavier provisions for weather related disaster events. Makes certain changes and technical corrections to provisions contained in SEA 2 (P.L.1-2023) (Taxation of pass through entities) and SEA 271 (Certified technology parks). Resolves a conflict with SEA 325, SECTION 2 (IC 6-1.1-12-37). Makes conforming changes and resolves other conflicts. Resolves a conflict with SEA 327 and HEA 1492 (IC 20-40-2-10). Resolves a conflict with HEA 1016 (IC 36-8-11-15). Makes certain changes to broadband service speed provisions. Provides that trailers with a declared gross vehicle weight of 3,000 pounds or less that are registered or renewed after December 31, 2023, are excluded from the following taxes beginning after December 31, 2023: (1) motor vehicle excise tax; (2) county vehicle excise tax; and (3) municipal vehicle excise tax.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Public health matters.. Description: Public health matters. Establishes licensing standards for rural emergency hospitals. Provides that certain personal information is confidential if a complaint is filed with the Indiana department of health (department). Allows the department to analyze information submitted by entities regulated by the department for quality improvement purposes. Adds rural emergency hospitals to the statute specifying that the licensure of a rural emergency hospital does not affect the statute pertaining to the placement and adoption of children. Repeals the provision concerning a provisional license for certain hospice programs. Provides that the definition of "home health services" includes community based palliative care. Establishes standards for housing with services establishments that offer memory care services. Changes references from "venereal disease" to "sexually transmitted infection". Allows a local health officer to issue a birth, death, or stillbirth certificate from the electronic registration system regardless of the location of the filing of the record. Removes the requirement that the department develop educational materials concerning prenatal and neonatal transmission of HIV. Removes the requirement that the department be notified if certain emergency responders request test results following a potential exposure to a serious communicable disease. Changes the date that the department submits a report concerning childhood lead poisoning. Removes the exemption to a vendor of a farmer's market or roadside stand from the requirements relating to food products that are not potentially hazardous. Amends the criteria for a safety pin program (program) grant proposal. Provides that if the department approves a program grant proposal, the department shall determine the initial award amount and the amount to be distributed once the grantee meets certain performance metrics. Provides a preference for awarding grants from the program to populations with demonstrable higher need. Provides that the center for deaf and hard of hearing education shall provide assistance to classroom instruction and professionals. Makes technical and conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Doctor scope of treatment and do not resuscitate.. Description: Doctor scope of treatment and do not resuscitate. Provides that a declarant may include a person for whom a proxy has executed an out of hospital do not resuscitate (DNR) declaration if the person: (1) is at least 18 years of age and is certified as a qualified person; (2) is incapacitated or incompetent; and (3) has no representative who is able and available to execute an out of hospital DNR declaration. Defines "incapacitated" as related to an out of hospital DNR declaration. Defines "proxy" as related to an out of hospital DNR declaration and a physician order for scope of treatment (POST). Provides that a person's proxy may execute an out of hospital DNR declaration if certain conditions are met. Creates a declaration and order form to be used by hospitals if the declarant is incapacitated or incompetent. Allows a qualified person's proxy to complete a POST form if the person is incapable of making health care decisions and no representative is able and available to act. Allows a proxy to revoke a POST form or request alternative treatment. Provides that if alternative treatment is requested, the treating medical provider shall review the POST form with the declarant, the declarant's representative, or the proxy who has priority to act for the declarant. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Professional and occupational licensing.. Description: Professional and occupational licensing. Allows a board that regulates a health care provider or a regulated professional under IC 25 to use electronic means of communication to conduct meetings if certain requirements are met. Allows the Indiana department of health (state department) to collect certain information from individuals who provide home health services, are a qualified medication aide, or are a certified nurse aide. Adds the board of physical therapy and the state department's consumer services and health care regulation commission for purposes of workforce renewal information and an annual report. Establishes time periods for the professional licensing agency (PLA) to post meeting agendas and meeting minutes on the applicable board's website. Requires the PLA to post certain information concerning board vacancies and application forms. Requires the PLA to send notification to an applicant of incomplete items in an application. Requires that new and renewed licenses with the PLA be submitted electronically, unless a paper application is requested. Requires the PLA to post on its website information about the number of licenses issued and wait times for the licenses. Requires the governor to fill a vacancy on certain occupational boards within 90 days. Allows the PLA to make an appointment to the board if the governor does not make the appointment. Allows the board to issue a temporary permit for a registered nurse applicant and a licensed practical nurse applicant.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Long term services.. Description: Long term services. Requires the housing and community development authority to: (1) assess the feasibility of the development of new assisted living communities for low and middle income individuals; and (2) determine possible funding for the assisted living communities; and submit a report to the legislative services agency. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services (office) to contract with more than one entity to provide functional eligibility determinations for individuals applying for the aged and disabled Medicaid waiver. Requires the office to report to the budget committee and legislative council certain information concerning: (1) the average length of time to conduct function eligibility assessments; and (2) a plan to provide functional eligibility not later than 72 hours from the eligibility assessment. Removes the requirement that the transfer of comprehensive care beds in a health facility must equalize the number of certified Medicaid beds in the county. Allows a health facility that transfers comprehensive care beds to reduce the facility's count of licensed comprehensive care beds by the number of beds transferred. Allows the receiving facility to increase the: (1) count of licensed comprehensive care beds; and (2) number of beds that are Medicaid certified. Requires the office to reimburse the provider of assisted living services if an increase in the level of services for a recipient is approved by the office. Specifies that integrated health care coordination and transportation are assisted living services. Prohibits the office from reducing the scope of services that may be provided by an assisted living services provider under the Medicaid aged and disabled waiver, as in effect on July 1, 2021. Specifies provisions that must be included in a risk based managed care program or capitated managed care program for specified Medicaid recipients. Requires the Indiana department of health (state department) to establish and administer the registration of a temporary health care service agency. Repeals current laws concerning the regulation of employment services. Removes references to a residential care facility administrator as a separate classification of license. Sets forth requirements for health facility administrators, residential care facility administrators, administrators in training, preceptors, and student interns. Sets forth notification requirements to the state department upon a vacancy or new hire of a residential care administrator. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Health matters.. Description: Health matters. Amends the requirements for a physician to provide office based opioid treatment. Requires an emergency department to annually submit to the Indiana department of health a substance use disorder treatment plan (plan) to initiate interventions with patients who have a substance use related emergency department visit. Requires the plan to provide an overall analysis and evaluation of the emergency department's ability to implement specified provisions. Provides that the services provided to a patient under a substance use disorder treatment plan provided to the department are considered to be medically necessary and reimbursable. Provides that the office of the secretary of family and social services shall require managed care organizations to consider services provided to an individual under a substance use disorder treatment plan as medically necessary in both an inpatient facility of a hospital and an emergency department. Removes the expiration of the laws concerning maternal mortality review. Provides that a practitioner is not required to obtain information about a patient from the Indiana scheduled prescription electronic collection and tracking program (INSPECT) data base or through the patient's integrated health record before prescribing certain medications if the patient is enrolled in a hospice program.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various tax matters.. Description: Various tax matters. Makes certain changes to the qualification requirements for the: (1) deduction for individuals who are at least 65 years of age; and (2) additional credit for certain homesteads. Increases the amount of the supplemental homestead deduction for property taxes first due and payable in 2024 and 2025. Provides that if a taxpayer presents an appraisal to the county property tax assessment board of appeals (county board) that meets specified requirements, the appraisal is presumed to be correct. Provides that if the county board disagrees with the taxpayer's appraisal, the county board may seek review of the appraisal or obtain an independent appraisal. Provides that after the assignment of value, the parties shall retain their rights to appeal to the Indiana board of tax review. Provides that, notwithstanding any increase in assessed value of property from the previous assessment date, the total amount of operating referendum tax that may be levied by a school corporation for taxes first due and payable in 2024 may not increase by more than 3% over the maximum operating referendum tax that could be levied by the school corporation in the previous year. Provides a calculation to be used in determining the maximum levy growth quotient in 2024 and 2025. Modifies, through December 31, 2024, the threshold amounts used for determining whether a political subdivision's project is a controlled project and whether the petition and remonstrance process or the referendum process applies based on the political subdivision's total debt service tax rate, but excludes certain projects for which a public hearing to issue bonds or enter into a lease has been conducted before July 1, 2023. Creates an exception, through December 31, 2024, to a provision subjecting a controlled project in a political subdivision with a total debt service rate of $0.80 per $100 of assessed valuation to the referendum process, if: (1) the political subdivision submits a request to the department of local government finance (DLGF) seeking a waiver of the provision; (2) the proposed controlled project is a response to a maintenance emergency; and (3) the DLGF determines that the maintenance emergency is sufficient to waive the provision. Amends an exclusion from the definition of "controlled project" for projects required by a court order. Authorizes a county fiscal body to adopt an ordinance to provide property tax relief for property tax liability attributable to homesteads for qualified individuals. Provides that a county may adopt a resolution to require a local income tax supplemental distribution to first be distributed and used to lower the county's levy freeze tax rate. Requires the DLGF to approve a county's request to decrease its levy freeze tax rate if the DLGF finds that the lower rate, in addition to the supplemental distribution amount determined under the resolution adopted by the county, would fund the levy freeze dollar amount. Requires the department of state revenue (department) to annually provide each resident individual taxpayer who paid adjusted gross income taxes in the immediately previous taxable year a taxpayer receipt statement in an electronic format explaining how the individual taxpayer's taxes are being used. Requires the department, in consultation with the budget agency, to create and administer an Internet web page on which individual taxpayers may access an estimate of the allocation of their adjusted gross income taxes to various expenditure categories for the most recent state fiscal year based on the adjusted gross income taxes paid by the taxpayer. Specifies the information that must be provided on the web page. Defines "maintenance emergency". Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Juror compensation.. Description: Juror compensation. Increases the jury fee collected from a defendant who has committed a crime or committed certain violations to $6. (Current jury fee is $2.) Requires the clerk to collect a jury fee of $75 from a party filing a civil tort or plenary action. Increases the jury appearance fee to $30 per day for each day a juror is in attendance until the jury is impaneled. (Current rate is $15 per day.) Increases the juror payment rate to $80 per day for the first five days of trial and to $90 per day starting on the sixth day of trial until the jury is discharged. (Current rate is $40 per day.) Specifies that a prospective juror is considered to be in actual attendance if certain criteria are met, regardless of whether the prospective juror is not seated or is removed.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Susan Greco for her years of service to the town of Dillsboro, Indiana.. Description: Honoring Susan Greco for her years of service to the town of Dillsboro, Indiana. Honoring Susan Greco for her years of service to the town of Dillsboro, Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Peoples Bank on the occasion of their 110th anniversary.. Description: Congratulating Peoples Bank on the occasion of their 110th anniversary.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Discipline rules regarding bullying.. Description: Discipline rules regarding bullying. Provides that discipline rules adopted by the governing body of a school corporation must include timetables for reporting bullying incidents to parents of both the targeted student and the alleged perpetrator in an expedited manner that is not later than five business days after the incident is reported. (Current law provides that discipline rules adopted by the governing body of a school corporation must include timetables for reporting bullying incidents to parents of both the targeted student and the bully in an expedited manner.) Provides that discipline rules adopted by the governing body of a school corporation: (1) must include provisions that require a school to prioritize the safety of the victim; (2) may include provisions to determine: (A) the severity of an incident of bullying; and (B) whether an incident of bullying may warrant the transfer of the victim or the alleged perpetrator to another school in the school corporation; and (3) must include policies to allow a parent of a child in the school corporation to review any materials used in any bullying prevention or suicide prevention program. Requires public schools to document acts of bullying and abusive behaviors against a victim and committed by a verified perpetrator.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: School safety.. Description: School safety. Makes changes to the permissible uses of the Indiana secured school fund. Moves provisions in the Indiana Code pertaining to the appointment of a school safety specialist, school safety specialist programs, and school safety plans. Makes changes to the Indiana secured school fund application procedures. Makes changes to the Indiana secured school fund reporting requirements. Makes various changes to provisions regulating the appointment of a school safety specialist, school safety specialist program, and school safety plans. Requires before December 31, 2023, that each county shall establish a county school safety commission. (Current law provides that a county may establish a county school safety commission.) Requires each school corporation and charter school to establish a safe school committee. Requires the division of school building physical security and safety of the department of education to establish and maintain guidelines, in consultation with the department of homeland security and institute for criminal justice, for developing and maintaining school safety plans and assist the secured school safety board in conducting the review and submitting certain reports. Provides that the governing body of a school corporation or charter school organizer shall: (1) approve or disapprove all school safety specialists chosen by the superintendent of the school corporation or leadership of the charter school; and (2) review the school safety plan. Makes changes to the duties of a school resource officer. Makes changes to information reported by a school corporation or charter school pertaining to a school resource officer that is reported to the department of homeland security. Requires the secured schools safety board to include certain aggregate information relating to the number of school resource officers employed by schools. Provides that an organizer of a charter school shall require each charter school under the authority of the organizer to conduct annual emergency preparedness drills. Makes changes to distribution amounts from the state user fee fund. Makes conforming amendments. Repeals provisions establishing the Indiana safe schools fund, school safe haven programs, and existing provisions relating to the establishment of school safety specialists, county school safety commissions, school safety specialist training and safe school programs. Defines various terms. Provides that a school corporation, charter school, or accredited nonpublic school may receive a matching grant from the Indiana secured school fund to purchase student safety management technology. Makes a technical correction.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Elimination of costs and fees in juvenile court.. Description: Elimination of costs and fees in juvenile court. Provides that a parent is presumed indigent for purposes of parental payment or reimbursement for services provided by the department of child services to a child adjudicated delinquent or a child in need of services. Further provides that, when the department of correction is awarded wardship of a child, the juvenile court may not order a parent to pay or reimburse the department unless the juvenile court makes a specific finding that the parent is able to pay. Removes fees and costs associated with a child alleged to be a delinquent child from the supplemental public defender services fund and the public defense administration fee. Allows the alternative dispute resolution fund (fund) to be used for guardian ad litem services. Requires the court to determine whether, when a party is charged or convicted with a crime against the person, participation in services provided by the fund poses an unreasonable risk of harm. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Parole.. Description: Parole. Specifies that a person placed on parole following a term of imprisonment that includes a sentence for a crime of violence may be released on parole for not more than 24 months. Provides that time served while confined to a prison or jail does not count toward time served on parole.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Kratom.. Description: Kratom. Defines "kratom product" as a food product or dietary ingredient that: (1) is derived from the leaf or extract of mitragyna speciosa and has a level of residual solvent that is not more than permitted by USP 467; (2) does not contain a level of 7-hydroxymitragynine in the alkaloid fraction that is greater than 1% of the overall alkaloid composition of the product; and (3) does not contain any synthetic alkaloids including synthetic mitragynin, synthetic 7-hydroxymitragynine, or any other synthetic compound of a kratom plant. Establishes requirements for the manufacture, labeling, and sale of kratom products. Specifies that a kratom product is not a controlled substance.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Enforcement of deceptive consumer sales act.. Description: Enforcement of deceptive consumer sales act. Provides that certain actions to remedy a deceptive act may not be brought more than five years after the deceptive act.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Higher education scholarships, grants, and cost exemptions.. Description: Higher education scholarships, grants, and cost exemptions. Provides that money in the National Guard tuition supplement program fund and the National Guard scholarship extension fund may not be expended, removed, or transferred from the respective fund except to be used for the purposes of the respective fund. Provides that an eligible applicant for: (1) a scholarship under the National Guard tuition supplement program; or (2) an educational cost exemption or award; may apply for a scholarship, exemption, or award to attend a state educational institution or an approved postsecondary educational institution under certain conditions.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Waste diversion and recycling.. Description: Waste diversion and recycling. Renames the central Indiana waste diversion pilot project the "central Indiana waste diversion project" (project). Establishes two new purposes for the project: (1) advancing research and development to enhance existing waste diversion efforts and supporting the creation of new processes and technologies that expand upon the existing universe of waste diversion and reuse of recyclable material; and (2) supporting recycling technology or programs for the return, collection, and sorting of recyclable glass, aluminum, or plastic beverage containers that are accessible to the general public and are operated by a retail merchant, a professional sports or entertainment venue, an airport, an elementary school or high school, or an institution of higher education. Extends the duration of the project from three years to four years. Requires the beginning of a second round of grant applications and awards. Provides that, in the second round, private sector persons and companies located in Hamilton, Hancock, Shelby, Johnson, Morgan, Hendricks, and Boone Counties (in addition to Marion County) may apply for grants from the program. Grant applicants must provide a financial match as determined by the  Indiana recycling market development board (board). Requires the department of environmental management, for purposes of the second round, to develop and distribute grant application forms, accept grant applications, and make recommendations to the board. Authorizes the board to request additional information from a grant applicant if the board determines that the information provided does not meet certain requirements and to reopen the application process if the board determines that none of the applications submitted meet the goals of the project. Requires the board, in the second round, to award not more than a total of $2,000,000 to grant applicants. Requests the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the task of studying various recycling topics.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: FSSA matters.. Description: FSSA matters. Changes the name of the bureau of developmental disabilities services to the bureau of disabilities services. Removes certain members from the 211 advisory committee. Repeals Medicaid copayment provisions that: (1) require the office of the secretary of family and social services (office) to apply a copayment for certain Medicaid services; (2) require a recipient to make a copayment upon the receipt of services and for a provider not to voluntarily waive a copayment; (3) set forth exemptions from copayment requirements; and (4) require the provider to charge the maximum allowable copayment. Allows for an enrollment fee, a premium, a copayment, or a similar charge to be imposed as a condition of an individual's eligibility for the healthy Indiana plan and the children's health insurance program. Removes a prohibition on the office from: (1) requiring certain providers to submit non-Medicaid revenue information in the provider's annual historical financial report; and (2) only requesting balance sheets from certain providers that apply directly to the provider's facility. Allows the office to implement an end of therapy reclassification methodology in a successor of the RUG-IV, 48-Group model for payment of nursing facility services.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Next generation Hoosier educators scholarship program.. Description: Next generation Hoosier educators scholarship program. Provides that an individual enrolled in a transition to teaching program may apply for a one time scholarship under the next generation Hoosier educators scholarship program. Establishes requirements to qualify for the one time scholarship. Provides that the maximum amount of a scholarship is $10,000. Provides that the total annual amount of scholarships awarded from the next generation Hoosier educators scholarship fund to individuals enrolled in a transition to teaching program may not exceed $1,000,000. Requires that an awarded scholarship must be repaid under certain conditions.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Mixed beverages.. Description: Mixed beverages. Adds a definition of "mixed beverage".  Allows the holder of a wine wholesaler's permit to take certain actions concerning mixed beverages and flavored malt beverages. Provides that a wine wholesaler may possess, transport, sell, and deliver mixed beverages to person who holds a particular permit. Repeals a provision concerning a wine wholesaler that also holds a liquor permit.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Military family occupational licenses.. Description: Military family occupational licenses. Provides that a military service applicant who has held an occupational license, certification, registration, or permit (license) in another jurisdiction for at least one year may qualify for an Indiana license. Removes the requirement that an applicant have a license for at least two of the five years preceding the date of the application. Provides that an applicant may not have a complaint or investigation pending before an occupational licensing board (board) that relates to unprofessional conduct or an alleged crime. Provides that a military member's dependent may apply for an occupational license under the same conditions as a military member's spouse. Requires the board to issue a license to an applicant upon application based on work experience in another state if certain conditions are met. Provides that the requirement that a nonresident is entitled to the same rights and subject to the same obligations as required of a resident who is issued a license by a board does not apply to a member of the military, a military spouse, or a dependent who applies for a real estate broker or appraiser license. Allows an applicant to appeal a final determination of the board. Makes a technical correction.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Inventory of lost farmland.. Description: Inventory of lost farmland. Directs the state department of agriculture to conduct an inventory of farmland lost in Indiana from 2010 to 2022.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Exemption from permitting requirements.. Description: Exemption from permitting requirements. Provides that a forestry operation that conducts its operations in compliance with the Indiana Logging and Forestry Best Management Practices Field Guide published by the Indiana department of natural resources is exempt
from any requirement to obtain a permit from the department of natural resources or the department of environmental management concerning forestry activities confined to a waterway that has a watershed not greater than 10 square miles. Defines forestry operation. Defines waterway.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Science of reading.. Description: Science of reading. Defines "science of reading". Requires the state board of education (state board) in collaboration with the department of education (department) to prepare and submit a report regarding the alignment of science of reading concepts in IREAD. Requires a school corporation and charter school to report certain information regarding reading and writing curricula, remedial programs, and administrative contact information on the school corporation's or charter school's website. Provides that, beginning with the 2024-2025 school year, a superintendent, advisory committee, or governing body or the equivalent for a charter school: (1) shall adopt curriculum or supplemental materials for reading that are aligned with the science of reading and to the student's reading proficiency; and (2) may not adopt curriculum or supplemental materials for reading that are based on the three-cueing model. Requires the department to develop guidelines for science of reading integration into teacher preparation programs. Makes changes to the education law concerning the science of reading and teacher preparation and licensing requirements. Requires a school corporation to differentiate the amount of salary increases or increments for teachers who possess a required literacy endorsement. Removes a requirement that a discussion regarding teacher supplemental payment be held. Requires the state board to establish and require literacy endorsements for certain individuals first licensed after June 30, 2025. Provides that, not later than July 1, 2024, the state board shall adopt rules to establish early childhood content area licenses and required endorsements. Requires the department to publish an advisory list of science of reading curricula on the department's website. Provides that the state board and the department: (1) shall implement academic standards for reading that are aligned with the science of reading and developmentally appropriate based on student need; and (2) may not implement an academic standard for reading based on the three-cueing model.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Adoptions.. Description: Adoptions. Provides that certain consent to adoption may be withdrawn not later than 15 days after the consent to adoption is signed and that certain persons must file a motion to contest an adoption after receiving certain notice. (Current law allows 30 days to withdraw.) Allows a consent to adoption to be executed or acknowledged in court, in person or by video conferencing. Requires a man to consent to the adoption of a child if he has established paternity and is a biological parent of the child to be adopted. Provides that a court may only require the consent to adopt of a man who has established paternity but is not a biological parent of the child if it is in the best interest of the child to require his consent. Specifies that consent to adopt of a deceased person is not required. Requires a court to expedite certain adoption proceedings.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Prescription for hormonal contraceptives.. Description: Prescription for hormonal contraceptives. Allows pharmacists who meet certain requirements to prescribe and dispense hormonal contraceptive patches and self-administered hormonal contraceptives (contraceptives). Establishes requirements for pharmacists who elect to prescribe and dispense contraceptives. Provides that a pharmacist is not required to prescribe a contraceptive to a woman if the pharmacist believes the contraceptive is contraindicated or objects on ethical, moral, or religious grounds. Provides that an individual who is a pharmacy technician, pharmacy technician in training, pharmacist student, or pharmacist intern is not required to dispense a contraceptive to a woman if the individual objects on ethical, moral, or religious grounds. Requires the Indiana board of pharmacy (board) to revoke the license of a pharmacist who knowingly or intentionally prescribes a drug that is intended to cause an abortion. Establishes penalties for a pharmacist who prescribes a drug that is intended to cause an abortion. Requires the state health commissioner or the commissioner's designated public health authority to issue a standing order that allows a pharmacist to prescribe and dispense contraceptives until the board adopts rules that adopt the standing order. Establishes requirements for the standing order. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to reimburse a pharmacist for services and prescriptions for contraceptives provided to an eligible Medicaid recipient.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Restrictions on DOC provision of  gender therapy.. Description: Restrictions on DOC provision of  gender therapy. Provides that the department of correction may not authorize the payment of any money, the use of any state resources, or the payment of any federal money administered by the state to provide or facilitate the provision of sexual reassignment surgery to an offender patient.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Family and juvenile law matters.. Description: Family and juvenile law matters. Makes changes in various adoption law provisions to provide 15 days (rather than 30 days) to contest certain adoptions. Provides that a confidentiality agreement entered into between a foster parent and the department of child services (department) may not prohibit the foster parent from releasing or disclosing information to a duly elected state government official for whom the information is relevant to the official's responsibility under the law to protect children from child abuse and neglect (elected official). Provides an exception prohibiting release or disclosure of specified information and records regarding a child who is or was in foster care or under the supervision of a juvenile court, or regarding the child's parent, guardian, or custodian. Provides that the department may not: (1) take adverse action against a foster parent's license; or (2) remove a foster child from the home of a foster parent; solely on the basis of the foster parent having spoken to an elected official. Requires the department to provide a licensed foster parent with: (1) an information packet describing the foster parent's rights and the grievance filing process; and (2) a complete copy of the department's policy manual. Provides that the department may not remove a foster child from the home of a foster parent, unlicensed caregiver, or de facto custodian solely on the basis of the foster parent, unlicensed caregiver, or de facto custodian having filed a petition to adopt the child. Allows a child's adoptive parent to request that the department allow the child to have visitation with the child's sibling. Requires the department to provide notice of the department's decision regarding a request for sibling visitation not later than seven business days after the department receives the request. Provides that if: (1) a child is the subject of a petition alleging that the child is a child in need of services; and (2) a parent of the child has been convicted of committing one or more specified offenses against the child; there is a rebuttable presumption that it is in the child's best interests to prohibit the parent from having in-person contact with the child until a dispositional decree is entered or the petition is dismissed. Provides that if a hearing regarding a petition to terminate the parent-child relationship is not held before the statutorily required deadline, the court shall dismiss the petition without prejudice: (1) upon filing of a motion with the court by a party to the proceeding; and (2) absent good cause shown for the failure to hold the hearing before the statutorily required deadline.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Fire prevention and building safety commission.. Description: Fire prevention and building safety commission. Increases the size of the fire prevention and building safety commission (commission) from 11 members to 12 members. Requires commission members to represent certain defined interests or professions, beginning August 1, 2023. Requires a commission member to be a resident of Indiana, beginning August 1, 2023. Provides that a commission member serves at the pleasure of the governor. Increases the number of members required for a quorum from six members to seven members. Provides that the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds of the commission members present and voting is necessary for purposes of adopting a rule. Provides certain procedures for the review and adoption of building codes. Provides that a local unit of government may not adopt an ordinance concerning construction and remodeling that: (1) conflicts with the statute or a building code adopted by the commission; or (2) includes more stringent or detailed requirements than those set forth in the statute or a building code adopted by the commission. Provides that this prohibition does not apply to a unit's architectural design standards or its zoning ordinances.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Covered persons for restricted addresses.. Description: Covered persons for restricted addresses. Provides that a regular, paid firefighter and a volunteer firefighter are "covered persons" under the statute that requires local government units that operate a public data base website containing the names and addresses of property owners to restrict disclosure to the general public of the covered person's home address. Removes an obsolete date reference.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Business associations.. Description: Business associations. Provides that the definitions for the uniform business organizations code apply to agricultural cooperatives. Removes the requirement that articles of incorporation for agricultural cooperatives must be acknowledged by at least one incorporator before a notary public. Provides that the uniform business transactions act applies to agricultural cooperatives for certain purposes. Adds business trusts and agricultural cooperatives to lists of entities that the secretary of state may revoke registrations for or dissolve. Makes conforming changes. Amends the statute concerning the securities restitution fund (fund) as follows: (1) Provides that 2% of funds received from fees and revenues from the administration of the Indiana Uniform Securities Act must be deposited in the fund instead of the state general fund. (2) Provides that any amount of the balance of the fund at the end of a particular state fiscal year that exceeds $2,000,000 reverts to the state general fund. (3) Provides that to ensure the financial viability of the fund, the securities commissioner may: (A) divide into installments; (B) delay; or (C) divide into installments and delay; any payments owed to claimants.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Health plans and ambulance service providers.. Description: Health plans and ambulance service providers. Amends the law requiring a health plan operator to fairly negotiate rates and terms with any ambulance service provider willing to become a participating provider with respect to the operator's health plan. Provides that, if negotiations between an ambulance service provider and a health plan operator that occur after June 30, 2022, do not result in the ambulance service provider becoming a participating provider with respect to the health plan, each party, beginning May 1, 2023, is required to provide to the department of insurance (department) a written notice: (1) reporting the unsuccessful conclusion of the negotiations; and (2) stating the points that were discussed in the negotiations but on which agreement was not reached. Requires the department, not later than May 1, 2024, to submit to the legislative council and the interim study committee on public health, behavioral health, and human services a report summarizing the written notices that the department has received from ambulance service providers and health plan operators.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Makes various changes to the education law concerning the following: (1) The science of reading and licensing requirements. (2) The grant for benchmark, formative, interim, or similar assessments with regards to certain assessments, including universal screeners that screen for dyslexia. (3) Eligibility requirements for the next level computer science program. (4) Reading deficiency remediation plan requirements. (5) Payments and funding for excess costs of educating certain students with disabilities. (6) The use of funds from the Senator David C. Ford educational technology fund. (7) Requirements for public schools regarding adopting or replacing data technology systems. (8) The evaluation of curricular materials by the department of education (department). Requires the department to evaluate, approve, and publish a list of high quality curricular materials in the subjects of science, technology, engineering, and math. Provides that, before curricular material is included on the list, the publisher of the curricular material must enter into a data share agreement with the department. Requires, not later than July 1, 2024, the department to conduct a statewide survey to determine which curricular materials have been adopted for use in certain subjects.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Requires the Indiana archives and records administration to: (1) establish procedures to retain an original record, document, plat, paper, or instrument-in-writing in an electronic format; (2) establish a period of time after which an original record, document, plat, paper, or instrument-in-writing may be destroyed; and (3) prepare and submit, not later than November 1, 2023, a report to the general assembly regarding these matters. Amends the duties of the early learning advisory committee. Changes the prekindergarten pilot program to the prekindergarten program and removes the expiration date. Provides that, at least once every five years, the office, in cooperation with the department of education (department), must carry out a longitudinal study regarding students who participate in the prekindergarten program. Amends requirements regarding cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) for child care centers, child care homes, and child care ministries. Requires: (1) each public school to provide information to the department concerning certain physical injuries to employees; and (2) the department to report the information on the department's website. Requires the department to provide certain information to public schools and state accredited nonpublic schools and requires each school to post the information on the school's website home page. Amends innovation network school and participating innovation network charter school provisions regarding: (1) certain agreement requirements and limitations; (2) appeals to the state board of education regarding the failure to follow an agreement renewal process; and (3) negotiating the requirement of specific services. Allows an innovation network team or organizer to enter into an agreement with a school corporation to transfer the ownership of a school corporation facility to the team or organizer and provides that a transfer is not subject to provisions in the law concerning the transfer of vacant school buildings to charter schools. Provides that a school corporation may not require an innovation network team or an organizer to contract for specific goods or services provided by the school corporation or any other entity. Requires information regarding certain possible criminal activity, concluded personnel matter investigations, and matters involving legal expenses be provided to the governing body of a school corporation. Provides that at-risk students who are receiving certain educational services are not included in a public school's four year graduation rate and are included in an eligible school's graduation rate under certain conditions. Amends the definition of "teacher" regarding certain teacher compensation provisions and requires a school corporation to expend at least 62% of the school corporation's state tuition support on teacher compensation. (Current law requires a school corporation to expend at least 45% on full-time teacher salaries.) Requires special education grade 8 through 12 case conference committees to discuss decision making skills and alternatives to appointing a guardian. Requires the department to, subject to appropriation by the general assembly, provide schools the same per pupil exam fee amounts for international baccalaureate and Cambridge International exams as is provided for advanced placement exams. Provides that: (1) any course that meets the requirements of a career and technical education program may be taught virtually by a virtual provider if certain conditions are met; and (2) the virtual course is eligible for a career and technical education grant. Amends the definition of "school scholarship", with regard to scholarship granting organizations. Removes a provision that requires choice scholarship schools to conduct random drawings in a public meeting if applicants for enrollment exceed the number of choice scholarships available to the school. Provides that the state board shall assign to a school or school corporation (including adult high schools) a "null" or "no letter grade" for the 2022-2023 and 2023-2024 school years. Provides that, when developing a proposal for a revised school performance designation, the department shall consider using certain metrics.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Public defender participation in PARF.. Description: Public defender participation in PARF. Adds a person who serves in one of the following positions on or after January 1, 2014, to the prosecuting attorneys retirement fund (PARF): (1) The state public defender or the second highest paid staff person employed by the state public defender. (2) The executive director of the public defender council of Indiana or the second highest paid staff person employed by the public defender council of Indiana. (3) The highest paid or the second highest paid staff person employed by the Indiana public defender commission. (4) A chief public defender or chief deputy public defender. Allows staff attorneys of the prosecuting attorneys council of Indiana employed on or after January 1, 2012, to participate in PARF. Changes the name of the prosecuting attorneys retirement fund to the prosecuting attorneys and public defenders retirement fund. Provides that after a participant has contributed to PARF for 22 years, the state or county shall pay the contributions to the fund for the participant. Provides that the computation of benefits is based in part on the highest salary that was paid to the participant before separation from service. Provides that 1% shall be added to the percentage used to calculate benefits for each year of service after 22 years. Provides that a reduced annual retirement benefit equals the benefit that would be payable if the participant were 65 years of age reduced by 0.10% for each month before the participant's sixty-fifth birthday. Allows a participant to receive service credit in PARF for more than one year and less than 10 years of service received by the participant in the public employees' retirement fund under certain conditions. Provides for the calculation of an offset of PARF benefits payable to a participant from a participant's public employees' retirement fund benefits based on the concurrent service and wages the participant earned in both the public employees' retirement fund and PARF. Makes corresponding changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Provides that a school, an employee or staff member of a school, or a third party vendor used by a school to provide instruction may not provide any instruction to a student in prekindergarten through grade 3 on human sexuality. Provides that a school employee or a school staff member is not prohibited from responding to a question from a student regarding certain topics. Requires a school to notify in writing at least one parent of a student, if the student is an unemancipated minor, of a request made by the student to change the student's name or pronoun, title, or word to identify the student.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Workforce development matters.. Description: Workforce development matters. Repeals provisions concerning the work Indiana program. Defines "adult education and literacy activities" and requires that certain money appropriated by the general assembly be used for workforce preparation activities and integrated education and training. Removes or amends certain provisions regarding: (1) reimbursements to eligible providers for adult education that is provided to certain individuals; and (2) adult education grants provided to employers of eligible employees. Allows the department of workforce development to grant a specified diploma to an individual who demonstrates high school level skills through certain competency based assessments and obtains an industry recognized credential. Specifies the meaning of "authorization" for the purpose of certain provisions related to postsecondary proprietary educational institutions. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Self-service storage facilities.. Description: Self-service storage facilities. Specifies that the term "personal property" includes trailers. Changes the time at which a self-service storage facility owner (owner) may: (1)  begin enforcement of the owner's lien on a renter's stored personal property; and (2) sell or otherwise dispose of the renter's stored personal property. Provides that as an alternative to conducting a sale of a renter's stored personal property after the renter's default, an owner may cause the renter's personal property to be towed or removed from the self-service storage facility if the renter's stored personal property is a trailer. (Current law provides this alternative if the renter's stored personal property is a motor vehicle or watercraft.) Specifies that an owner may deny the renter access to the self-service storage facility, including the rented space, when enforcing a lien. Allows a renter to designate an alternative contact in a rental agreement to receive required notices.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Administrative law.. Description: Administrative law. Establishes the government reform task force (task force). Provides for members of the task force. Requires the task force to submit a report. Prohibits the consideration of the number or amount of fines or civil penalties imposed on regulated entities by an employee in an agency's evaluation or compensation of the employee. Makes various procedural changes concerning the adoption of administrative rules, including the following: (1) Requires budget agency and office of management and budget review of a regulatory analysis of all proposed rules. (2) Requires a state budget committee review of rules adding or increasing fees, fines, or civil penalties. (3) Requires publication of the text of a proposed rule in the first public comment period and allows a proposed rule to be adopted after one public comment period if no substantive public testimony is received and the rule is not more stringent than applicable federal standards. (4) Replaces various laws granting emergency rulemaking authority with a description of the circumstances when emergency rulemaking (renamed "provisional" rules and "interim" rules) may be used, increases governor and attorney general oversight of provisional or interim rules, and adds a public comment period for interim rules. (5) Reduces from seven to five years the time in which rules need to be readopted to remain effective. (6) Requires agencies to webcast public hearings and allow remote testimony. Prohibits state standards for disposal of coal combustion residuals to be more stringent than federal standards. Allows for certain rules on certain pesticides that are more stringent than federal law. Permits a person to recover attorney's fees if an agency issues an order that is based on an invalid rule or issued without legal authority. Permits an applicant or licensee to recover damages if a professional or occupational licensing agency fails to adopt a rule required to obtain a license. Repeals superseded statutes and makes cross-reference, name, and other conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Indiana craft beverage council.. Description: Indiana craft beverage council. Repeals provisions concerning the wine grape market development council (wine council) and the wine grape market development fund (wine fund). Establishes the Indiana craft beverage council (craft council), Indiana craft beverage council fund (craft council fund), and Indiana craft beverage foundation fund. Specifies the duties of the craft council. Requires the department of state revenue to transfer to the craft council fund a portion of the excise tax collected on beer, flavored malt beverages, liquor, wine, and hard cider. Transfers certain property and liabilities from the wine council and wine fund to the craft council and craft council fund. Allows the craft council to establish a nonprofit subsidiary corporation exempt from federal income taxation to solicit and accept certain private sector funding. Defines terms and makes conforming amendments.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Administrative rules concerning carbon dioxide.. Description: Administrative rules concerning carbon dioxide. Authorizes the department of natural resources (department) to adopt emergency rules to carry out the duties of the department under the article of the Indiana Code concerning carbon dioxide. Requires the natural resources commission (commission) to adopt rules to implement the article of the Indiana Code concerning carbon dioxide. Provides that the rules adopted by the commission: (1) must include the provisions necessary for the department's discharge of the duties imposed upon the department under; and (2) may establish fees for the administration and implementation of; the article of the Indiana Code concerning carbon dioxide. Specifies that any fees established by the commission for the administration and implementation of the article: (1) are subject to review by the budget committee; and (2) may not be increased unless the budget committee reviews the increase.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Sale of tax sale properties to nonprofits.. Description: Sale of tax sale properties to nonprofits. Provides that a tax sale statute concerning the sale of real property to eligible nonprofit entities for low or moderate income housing applies to all counties. (Current law provides that the provision only applies to a county having a consolidated city.)
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Requires each school corporation to publish on the school corporation's website the graduation rate for each high school in the school corporation. Amends the: (1) definition of "graduation" for the high school graduation rate determination; and (2) graduation rate calculation. Allows charter schools and nonpublic schools to issue an adjunct teacher permit to certain individuals. Provides that an individual who holds an adjunct teacher permit may teach in a career and technical education content area in which the school corporation, charter school, or nonpublic school allows the individual to teach based on the individual's experience. Requires the state board of education (state board) to: (1) develop algebra I, algebra II, and geometry courses that include real world application and project based and inquiry based learning; and (2) implement the courses not later than the 2025-2026 school year. Provides that, if the state board establishes an Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery as a graduation pathway, the state board shall require a student who elects the pathway to submit documentation that demonstrates the student's intent to enlist in the military as a condition of meeting the pathway requirements. Requires the state board to, not later than July 1, 2023, review and update any guidance issued by the state board regarding the Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery as a graduation pathway requirement. Provides that a school corporation, charter school, or state accredited nonpublic school may not require a student enrolled in the school corporation, charter school, or state accredited nonpublic school to participate in any particular graduation pathway to be eligible to graduate. Removes a provision that provides that not more than 1% of students of a cohort may receive an alternate diploma. Provides that, for purposes of determining a school's or school corporation's graduation rate, not more than one percent of a school's or school corporation's graduation cohort that receives an alternate diploma may be counted as having graduated. Removes a requirement that a school corporation record or include certain immunization information in the official high school transcript for a high school student. Removes a provision that allows a school corporation to include additional information on a student's high school transcript. Provides that any notification or materials provided or distributed by the Indiana department of health or a school to a parent of a student regarding required or recommended immunizations for the student must clearly delineate or label immunizations that are required and immunizations that are only recommended. Provides that the department of education shall develop a proposal for a revised school performance designation not later than December 1, 2024.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Teacher education scholarship programs.. Description: Teacher education scholarship programs. Increases the annual scholarship amount that the commission for higher education (commission) may award under the next generation Hoosier educators scholarship program from $7,500 to $10,000. Removes limits on the number of next generation Hoosier educators scholarships that may be awarded. Establishes the next generation Hoosier minority educators scholarship program and fund. Provides that the commission may award a next generation Hoosier minority educators scholarship to an eligible applicant in an amount of $10,000 each academic year for not more than four academic years. Establishes criteria an applicant must meet and terms an applicant must agree to in order to receive a next generation Hoosier minority educators scholarship. Increases the annual scholarship amount that an Earline S. Rogers student teaching scholarship for minority students recipient may receive from $4,000 to $5,000.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Requires the department of education (department) to report to the legislative council findings and recommendations for reducing the amount of redundant data that schools are required to submit to state agencies. Provides that a student presently enrolled in a public high school may retake a virtual course that was previously completed by the student at the same public high school under certain conditions. Provides that if a student elects to retake a virtual course, the retaken course must meet certain criteria. Provides that a student who has retaken a course before July 1, 2023, must receive full credit and a replacement grade for the course under certain conditions. Provides that the department shall require publication of a corrected graduation rate as prescribed by the department (instead of in the next school year's report). Provides that before July 1, 2024, the department may establish or license for use an online platform to provide certain required training programs. Moves up deadlines for recommending and approving streamlined academic standards in order to implement the new standards in the 2023-2024 school year. Provides that the department shall: (1) consider the skills, knowledge, and practices that are necessary to understand and utilize emerging technologies and that may be rendered obsolete by emerging technologies; (2) consider for removal any academic standards that may be obsolete as a result of emerging technologies; and (3) provide support to school corporations regarding the implementation of revised academic standards that have an emerging technologies component. Provides that individuals appointed to an academic standards committee must be racially and geographically diverse. Requires employers to report the employment of students enrolled in work based learning courses to the department of workforce development. Requires a secondary or postsecondary educational institution to ensure that a student's completion of a work based learning course is indicated on the student's transcript. Establishes a science of reading grant. Repeals: (1) the school corporation annual performance report law; (2) the charter school obligation to publish an annual performance report; (3) the performance based awards law; and (4) annual financial reports by school corporations.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Watershed development commissions.. Description: Watershed development commissions. Provides that the executives of one or more counties may adopt ordinances designating their counties as members of a proposed watershed development commission and that the proposed watershed development commission is established as a legal entity with the counties as its members if it is recognized by the natural resources commission. Allows a watershed development commission to be established for certain flood damage reduction, drainage, storm water management, recreation, and water infrastructure purposes, but provides that "water infrastructure purposes" excludes any drinking water project in a county or municipality. Requires the natural resources commission, in deciding whether to recognize a proposed watershed development commission, to answer certain questions. Provides that a nonmember county may become a member of an established watershed development commission if its membership is accepted by the member counties and recognized by the natural resources commission. Requires the department of natural resources (department), with the approval of the natural resources commission, to certify the area of a member county that is within a watershed development commission's designated watershed. Provides that a watershed development commission may also have water quality purposes if its board develops a water quality improvement plan that is approved by the natural resources commission. Specifies that a water quality purpose, goal, project, or interstate agreement does not convey water quality regulatory authority to a watershed development commission. Provides for a watershed development commission to be governed by a board that includes: (1) the director of the department or the director's designee; (2) the county surveyor of each county that is a member of the commission and is entitled to membership on the board; (3) an individual other than the county surveyor representing each county that is a member of the commission and is entitled to membership on the board; and (4) either: (A) one individual appointed to represent each second class city that is located in a participating county and within the designated watershed of the watershed development commission; or (B) if a participating county does not include a second class city that is located within the designated watershed of the watershed development commission, one individual appointed to represent the municipality that has the largest population of all municipalities that are located in the participating county and within the designated watershed of the watershed development commission. Requires a watershed development commission to develop a flood damage reduction and drainage plan for its designated watershed. Grants a watershed development commission exclusive authority to perform drainage and flood damage reduction activities within the channel of the river that is the surface water outlet of its designated watershed. Authorizes a watershed development commission to enter into an interlocal cooperation agreement with an existing local governmental authority to apportion flood damage reduction authority and financial support between the two entities. Provides for the funding of a watershed development commission through an annual special assessment that may be imposed against each taxable parcel of real property located: (1) in a member county; and (2) within the designated watershed of the watershed development commission. Establishes maximum assessment levels and allows the board of a watershed development commission to reduce the special assessment to lower levels. Authorizes a member county to adopt any of three alternative methods of funding the watershed development commission. Prohibits the use of money collected from a special assessment for highway bridge repairs or reconstruction. Authorizes a watershed development commission to give preference to an Indiana business over an out-of-state business in contracting for public works. Establishes a procedure under which the Maumee River basin commission, the St. Joseph River basin commission, or the Upper Wabash River basin commission may be transformed into a watershed development commission. Provides that if the St. Joseph River basin commission is transformed into a watershed development commission, the members of the St. Joseph River basin commission become the first members of the St. Joseph River watershed development commission's advisory committee.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Athletic trainers.. Description: Athletic trainers. Amends the definition of "athletic trainer" to include an individual employed by an occupational facility to practice athletic training. Amends the definition of  "athletic training" to include the diagnosis and rehabilitation of athletic injuries under the direction and supervision of a licensed physician, osteopath, podiatrist, or chiropractor, including the use of manual therapies related to the reconditioning of athletes, but not including joint manipulation of the spinal column. Defines "manual therapies" and "supervision". Changes the education standard for licensing by the board as an athletic trainer from the satisfactory completion of an academic program including certain accredited courses to: (1) obtaining a professional athletic training degree from a postsecondary educational institution that meets the academic standards established by the Commission on Accreditation of Athletic Training Education (CAATE); and (2) the successful completion of a Board of Certification, Inc. (BOC) examination. Provides that an individual may be exempted by the board from the examination requirement if the individual is certified by the BOC (instead of by the National Athletic Trainers Association) and authorizes the board to issue a temporary permit to practice as an athletic trainer to an individual who is practicing in a state that does not license or certify athletic trainers but is certified by the BOC (instead of by the National Athletic Trainers Association). Eliminates the requirement that the board contract with the National Athletic Trainers Association to conduct and score the qualifying examination for athletic trainers.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Sentence modification.. Description: Sentence modification. Establishes an additional sentencing modification procedure for certain individuals and requires that the department of correction annually review inmate records and transmit certain information to specified persons.
In 2023, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Behavioral health matters.. Description: Behavioral health matters. Provides that, subject to certain procedures and requirements, the office of the secretary of family and social services may apply to the United States Department of Health and Human Services: (1) for a Medicaid state plan amendment, a waiver, or an amendment to an existing waiver to require reimbursement for eligible certified community behavioral health clinic services; or (2) to participate in the expansion of a community mental health services demonstration program. Requires the division of mental health and addiction to establish and maintain a help line: (1) to provide confidential emotional support and referrals to certain resources to individuals who call the help line; and (2) that is accessible by calling a toll free telephone number. Establishes the Indiana behavioral health commission (commission) and sets forth the commission's membership. Changes the name of the "9-8-8 crisis hotline center" to "9-8-8 crisis response center". Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Taxation of pass through entities.. Description: Taxation of pass through entities. Authorizes certain pass through entities to make an election to pay tax at the entity level based on each owner's aggregate share of adjusted gross income. Provides a refundable tax credit equal to the amount of tax paid by the electing entity with regard to the owner's share. Allows a credit for pass through entity taxes that are imposed by and paid to another state. Makes certain changes to provisions that apply to taxpayers who file a combined return for the financial institutions tax. Makes conforming changes for purposes of partnership audit and administrative adjustments.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: State and local tax review task force.. Description: State and local tax review task force. Establishes the state and local tax review task force (task force). Specifies the membership of the task force and the topics the task force is required to review. Provides that the member of the task force who is an economist is appointed jointly by the president pro tempore of the senate and the speaker of the house of representatives. Provides for the selection of the chairperson and vice chairperson of the task force.
In 2023, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Public health commission.. Description: Public health commission. Defines "core public health services" for purposes of public health laws. Adds members to the executive board of the Indiana department of health (state department). Removes a provision allowing the state department to establish branch offices. Provides that the state department may provide services to local health departments. Requires each local board of health to establish a local public health services fund to receive state funding. Provides a method of allocation of state funding to local boards of health, subject to state appropriations. Specifies the percentage of how additional funding may be expended on core public health services. Allows the local health department to enter into contracts or approve grants for core public health services. Allows the state department to issue guidance to local health departments. Requires the state department to make annual local health department reports available to the public. Changes the qualification requirements for a local health officer and requires certain training. Requires the state department to identify state level metrics and county level metrics and requires certain local health departments to report to the state department activities and metrics on the delivery of core public health services. Requires the state department to annually report on the metrics to the budget committee and publish information concerning the metrics on the Internet. Requires that a local health department post a position or contract for the provision or administration of core public health services for at least 30 days. Requires a local health department to provide certain education before administering a vaccine. Requires a multiple county health department to maintain at least one physical office in each represented county. Provides that a new city health department cannot be created after December 31, 2022, but allows current city health departments to continue to operate. Creates the Indiana trauma care commission. Allows a school corporation that cannot obtain an ophthalmologist or optometrist to perform the modified clinical technique vision test to conduct certain specified vision screenings. Requires the school to send to the parent of a student any recommendation for further testing by the vision screener. Allows for standing orders to be used for emergency stock medication in schools. Allows the state health commissioner or designee to issue a statewide standing order, prescription, or protocol for emergency stock medication for schools. Removes the distance requirement for an access practice dentist to provide communication with a dental hygienist. Repeals provisions concerning the Indiana local health department trust account.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Consumer data protection.. Description: Consumer data protection. Establishes a new article in the Indiana Code concerning consumer data protection, to take effect January 1, 2026. Sets forth the following within the new article: (1) Definitions of various terms that apply throughout the article. (2) Exemptions from the bill's requirements concerning the responsibilities of controllers of consumers' personal data. (3) The rights of an Indiana consumer to do the following: (A) Confirm whether or not a controller is processing the consumer's personal data. (B) Correct inaccuracies in the consumer's personal data that the consumer previously provided to a controller. (C) Delete the consumer's personal data held by a controller. (D) Obtain a copy or representative summary of the consumer's personal data that the consumer previously provided to the controller. (E) Opt out of the processing of the consumer's personal data for certain purposes. (4) The responsibilities of controllers of consumers' personal data. (5) The roles of controllers and processors with respect to a consumer's personal data. (6) Requirements for data protection impact assessments by controllers of consumers' personal data. (7) Requirements for processing de-identified data or pseudonymous data. (8) Limitations as to the scope of the new article. (9) The authority of the attorney general to investigate and enforce suspected or actual violations of the new article. (10) The preemption of local rules, regulations, and laws regarding the processing of personal data. Allows the attorney general to publish certain resources on the attorney general's website.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Health care billing forms.. Description: Health care billing forms. Provides that a bill for health care services provided by a provider in an office setting must be submitted on an individual provider form. Prohibits an insurer, health maintenance organization, employer, or other person responsible for the payment of the cost of health care services from accepting a bill that is submitted on an institutional provider form. Requires the Indiana department of health to adopt rules for the enforcement of these provisions.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Physician noncompete agreements.. Description: Physician noncompete agreements. Provides that beginning July 1, 2023, a primary care physician and an employer may not enter into a noncompete agreement. Provides that beginning July 1, 2023, a physician noncompete agreement is not enforceable if any of the following circumstances occur: (1) The employer terminates the physician's employment without cause. (2) The physician terminates the physician's employment for cause. (3) The physician's employment contract has expired and the physician and employer have fulfilled the obligations of the contract. Specifies a process by which a physician or employer may pursue mediation to determine a reasonable price to purchase a release from a noncompete agreement.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Prescription drug rebates and pricing.. Description: Prescription drug rebates and pricing. Requires a pharmacy benefit manager to provide a report to the department of insurance at least every six months. Provides that the report must include the: (1) overall aggregate amount charged to a health plan for all pharmaceutical claims processed by the pharmacy benefit manager; and (2) overall aggregate amount paid to pharmacies for claims processed by the pharmacy benefit manager. Requires that, for individual health insurance coverage, the defined cost sharing for a prescription drug be calculated at the point of sale and based on a price that is reduced by an amount equal to at least 85% of all rebates in connection with the dispensing or administration of the prescription drug. Requires that, for group health insurance coverage, an insurer: (1) pass through to a plan sponsor 100% of all rebates concerning the dispensing or administration of prescription drugs to the covered individuals of the plan sponsor; (2) provide a plan sponsor, at the time of contracting, the option of calculating defined cost sharing for covered individuals of the plan sponsor at the point of sale based on a price that is reduced by some or all of the rebates received concerning the dispensing or administration of the prescription drug; and (3) disclose specified information to the plan sponsor. Allows the department of insurance to enforce the provisions and impose a civil penalty.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Energy utilities.. Description: Energy utilities. Amends the Indiana Code chapter concerning federally mandated requirements for energy utilities as follows: (1) Specifies that for purposes of the statute, "federally mandated costs" include the following: (A) Costs that an energy utility has incurred, or estimates that it will incur, in connection with a compliance project. (B) Costs that are directly related to the preparation and conduct of a regulatory proceeding. (C) Costs related to a compliance project and incurred by an energy utility before the date of: (i) the energy utility's application to the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC) for a certificate of public convenience and necessity (certificate) with respect to the compliance project; or (ii) the IURC's order with respect to the application; if the IURC finds the costs are just and reasonable. (2) Provides that an energy utility's application for a certificate for a compliance project must be filed either: (A) before; or (B) within a reasonable time with respect to; any federally mandated compliance date. (3) Specifies that recovery of the 80% of IURC-approved federally mandated costs that an energy utility may recover through a rate adjustment mechanism must commence no earlier than: (A) the date of a final agency action regarding the federally mandated requirement; or (B) in the absence of a final agency action, the date on which the federally mandated requirement becomes effective. Requires a public utility to notify the IURC if: (1) the public utility intends or decides to retire, sell, or transfer an electric generation facility with a capacity of at least 80 megawatts; and (2) the retirement, sale, or transfer: (A) was not set forth in; or (B) is to take place on a date earlier than the date specified in; the public utility's short term action plan in the public utility's most recently filed integrated resource plan (IRP). Provides that upon receiving such notice from a public utility, the IURC shall consider and may investigate the public utility's intention or decision to retire, sell, or transfer the electric generation facility. Provides that in considering the public utility's intention or decision, the commission shall examine the impact the retirement, sale, or transfer would have on the public utility's ability to meet: (1) the public utility's planning reserve margin requirements or other federal reliability requirements; and (2) the reliability adequacy metrics set forth in Indiana law. Provides that if the retirement, sale, or transfer was not set forth in, or is to take place earlier than specified in, the public utility's short term action plan in the public utility's most recently filed IRP, the IURC shall not permit the public utility's depreciation rates to be amended to reflect the accelerated date for the retirement, sale, or transfer of the electric generation asset unless the IURC finds that such an adjustment is necessary to ensure the ability of the public utility to provide reliable service to its customers, and that the unamended depreciation rates would cause an unjust and unreasonable impact on the public utility and its ratepayers. Authorizes the IURC to adopt a general administrative order to implement these provisions. Provides that these provisions: (1) do not apply to: (A) the retirement, sale, or transfer of a public utility's electric generation facility if the retirement, sale, or transfer is necessary for the public utility to comply with a federal consent decree; or (B) an electric generation facility that generates electricity for sale exclusively to the wholesale market; and (2) expire July 1, 2026.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Marriage and family therapists.. Description: Marriage and family therapists. Decreases the number of experiential practice hours required to obtain a license as a marriage and family therapist or a therapist associate. Specifies that the hours must be completed during at least 12 months.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Material harmful to minors.. Description: Material harmful to minors. Establishes a procedure: (1) to allow a parent or guardian of a child enrolled in a school to submit a complaint that a book in the school library is inappropriate; and (2) for the school to respond to the complaint. Establishes an appeal procedure. Provides that a school library may not make a book available that contains obscene matter or matters harmful to children. Removes schools from the list of entities eligible for a specified defense to criminal prosecutions alleging: (1) the dissemination of material harmful to minors; or (2) a performance harmful to minors. Adds colleges and universities to the list of entities eligible for a specified defense to criminal prosecutions alleging: (1) the dissemination of material harmful to minors; or (2) a performance harmful to minors.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Elimination of lower speed limit for trucks.. Description: Elimination of lower speed limit for trucks. Excepts an alley from the maximum speed limit of 55 miles per hour. Increases the maximum speed limit for a vehicle having a declared gross weight greater than 26,000 pounds from 65 miles per hour to 70 miles per hour when the vehicle is operated on a highway that is: (1) on the national system of interstate and defense highways located outside an urbanized area with a population of at least 50,000; or (2) the responsibility of the Indiana finance authority.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Housing authority commissioner compensation.. Description: Housing authority commissioner compensation. Increases the per diem paid to a commissioner of a housing authority from $25 to an amount up to $100.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Mr. Jesse Mendez on his 2020 state championship title in wrestling.. Description: Congratulating Mr. Jesse Mendez on his 2020 state championship title in wrestling.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Alcohol matters.. Description: Alcohol matters. Allows a city or town to designate an outdoor location as a refreshment area with the approval of the alcohol and tobacco commission (commission). Provides that if a refreshment area is approved, the commission designates retailer permittees that may sell alcoholic beverages for consumption within the refreshment area. Prohibits a refreshment area from being located near a school or church unless the school or church does not object. Allows a minor to be within the refreshment area. Adds language providing that a person entering a licensed premises within a refreshment area with an alcoholic beverage is not subject to criminal penalties. Makes it a Class C infraction for a participating retailer permittee or vendor to sell a person more than two alcoholic beverages at a time or an open container of an alcoholic beverage that exceeds the volume limitations. Allows a restaurant to sell or dispense alcoholic beverages from a bar located on the licensed premises that opens to an outside patio or terrace that is contiguous to the main building.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Cigarette tax evasion.. Description: Cigarette tax evasion. Provides that if a person unlawfully transports cigarettes without an Indiana tax stamp, the person commits: (1) a Class C infraction if a person possesses more than 1,000 cigarettes; (2) a Class B misdemeanor if the number of cigarettes is between 2,000 and 7,500; (3) a Class A misdemeanor if the number of cigarettes is between 7,500 and 15,000; and (4) a Level 6 felony if the number of cigarettes is at least 15,000.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Solar panel and wind power equipment disposal study.. Description: Solar panel and wind power equipment disposal study. Directs the Indiana department of environmental management (IDEM) to conduct a study concerning the decommissioning and disposal of solar panels and wind power equipment. Sets forth certain topics that IDEM must consider in conducting the study. Provides that IDEM may consult with the Indiana utility regulatory commission as necessary to conduct the study. Requires IDEM to: (1) file a report on its findings and recommendations resulting from the study with the chairman of the legislative council; and (2) present the report to the interim study committee on energy, utilities, and telecommunications; not later than October 1, 2024.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Financial literacy.. Description: Financial literacy. Provides that, beginning with the cohort of students who are expected to graduate from a public school, a charter school, or a state accredited nonpublic school in 2028, an individual must successfully complete a personal financial responsibility course (course) before the individual may graduate. Creates requirements for content that must be covered in a course. Provides that a public school, a charter school, or a state accredited nonpublic school must offer instruction on a course as a separate subject. Provides that the state board may allow a course to satisfy one or more diploma course requirements.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Food and beverage taxes.. Description: Food and beverage taxes. Requires each local unit that imposes a food and beverage tax to annually report information concerning distributions and expenditures of amounts received from the food and beverage tax. Provides that food and beverage taxes currently authorized under IC 6-9 and that do not otherwise contain an expiration date (other than the stadium and convention building authority food and beverage tax and the historic hotels food and beverage tax) shall expire on the later of: (1) January 1, 2045; or (2) the date on which all bonds or lease agreements outstanding on May 7, 2023, are completely paid. Requires each local unit that imposes a food and beverage tax that is subject to the expiration provision to provide to the department of local government finance (department) a list of each bond or lease agreement outstanding on May 7, 2023, and the date on which each will be completely paid. Requires the department to publish the information on the gateway website. Declares the intention of the general assembly to only authorize local units to impose new food and beverage taxes based on specified criteria.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Donation of income tax refund for cancer research.. Description: Donation of income tax refund for cancer research. Establishes the Senator David C. Ford cancer research account (Ford account) within the Indiana health care account. Provides that a taxpayer may designate all or a part of the taxpayer's state income tax refund to be paid over to the Ford account. Provides that the budget agency shall distribute the money in the Ford account in equal amounts to the Indiana University Melvin and Bren Simon Cancer Center and the Purdue University Center for Cancer Research.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Residency of 911 operators.. Description: Residency of 911 operators. Provides that a public safety agency may not establish or maintain residency requirements for a public safety telecommunicator employed by a public safety agency.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Removal of Illiana Expressway references.. Description: Removal of Illiana Expressway references. Removes references to the Illiana Expressway in various statutes concerning transportation. Makes a conforming change and technical corrections.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: County option circuit breaker tax credit.. Description: County option circuit breaker tax credit. Authorizes a county fiscal body to adopt an ordinance to provide a credit against property tax liability for qualified individuals. Defines a "qualified individual" for purposes of the credit. Provides that the ordinance may designate: (1) all of the territory of the county; or (2) one or more specific geographic territories within the county; as a neighborhood enhancement district in which qualified individuals may apply for the credit. Provides that the amount of the credit in a particular year is equal to the amount by which an individual's property tax liability increases by more than the percentage of increase specified by the county fiscal body from the prior year. Provides that the credit does not affect the allocation of taxes to a referendum fund. Requires a qualified individual who desires to claim the credit to file a certified statement with the county auditor. Provides that the county auditor shall apply the credit in succeeding years after the certified statement is filed unless the auditor determines that the individual is no longer eligible for the credit or the county fiscal body rescinds the ordinance. Provides a penalty for wrongly receiving the credit that is the same as the penalty for wrongly receiving the homestead standard deduction. Provides that an individual may not receive both a county option circuit breaker tax credit and an over 65 property tax credit in the same year. Provides that an ordinance must specify that the credit does not apply for property taxes first due and payable after December 31, 2027. Sunsets the county option on January 1, 2028.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Child sex offenses.. Description: Child sex offenses. Provides that a criminal prosecution of a sex offense committed against a child that is otherwise barred by the statute of limitations may nevertheless be commenced within five years from the date on which: (1) the state discovers DNA evidence; (2) the state learns of a recording that provides evidence sufficient to charge the offender; or (3) a person confesses to the offense. Specifies that a person commits human trafficking if the person pays money to a human trafficking victim. (Current law provides that the person commits the offense by paying money for a human trafficking victim.)
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Elected officials training fund.. Description: Elected officials training fund. Allows a county auditor, upon the county fiscal body's determination that money in the county elected officials training fund (fund) is in excess of the fund's expenses, to transfer the excess money to the county recorder's records perpetuation fund. Provides that the transfer must be made not later than December 31, 2023. Provides that a county fiscal body may use money in the county elected officials training fund for certain training for county council members.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Reporting on school curriculum.. Description: Reporting on school curriculum. Provides the following: (1) Not later than October 1, 2023, each public elementary school and state accredited nonpublic elementary school shall provide to the department of education (department) information regarding whether the school provides instruction on cursive writing to students and, if cursive writing instruction is provided, the grade level of students to whom the instruction is provided. (2) Not later than December 1, 2023, the department shall prepare a report regarding the information and submit the report to the legislative council.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Occupational therapy licensure compact.. Description: Occupational therapy licensure compact. Establishes the occupational therapy licensure compact.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Local use of restricted funds.. Description: Local use of restricted funds. Defines "preservation" for purposes of provisions that require counties, cities, and towns to use at least 50% of the money distributed from the motor vehicle highway account for construction, reconstruction, and preservation of highways. Requires the local technical assistance program at Purdue University (LTAP), in conjunction with the Indiana department of transportation (department), to analyze data for calendar years 2018 through 2022 regarding the use of motor vehicle highway account allocations to counties, cities, and towns. Specifies the contents of the analysis and requires LTAP, in conjunction with the department, to present the results of the analysis in a report to the budget committee.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Throwing stars.. Description: Throwing stars. Makes throwing stars legal in Indiana except for on school property.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Distributions of public safety income tax revenue.. Description: Distributions of public safety income tax revenue. Requires that part of a certified distribution allocated to a county (other than Marion County), subject to a qualified township's application, be allocated among the qualified townships in the county. Provides the calculation for the amount of the allocation. Provides that a qualified township and various fire entities may apply to the county adopting body for a distribution of tax revenue. Provides that the county adopting body shall review an application and shall, before September 1 of a year, adopt a resolution requiring tax revenue to be distributed to a qualified applicant or applicants. Provides that the county adopting body shall provide a copy of the resolution to the county auditor and the department of local government finance. Provides that an adopted resolution submitted in a timely manner to the county auditor and the department of local government finance applies to distributions of tax revenue to the qualified applicant in the following calendar year and each calendar year thereafter until the qualified applicant rescinds the application. Provides that a qualified applicant that wishes to rescind its application under this subsection must notify the county adopting body in writing. Provides that if the county adopting body receives a qualified applicant's written notice to rescind its application, the county adopting body shall adopt a resolution rescinding the qualified applicant's distribution before September 1 of a year and shall provide a copy of the resolution to the county auditor and the department of local government finance.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Makes Indiana Code publication amendments.. Description: Makes Indiana Code publication amendments. Repeals and relocates a specific Indiana Code statutory list chapter for organization by Code cite order. Resolves technical conflicts between various enrolled acts passed during the 2023 legislative session. Corrects technical errors in enrolled acts passed during the 2023 legislative session.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Provides that a: (1) school that seeks state accreditation; and (2) national or regional accreditation agency that seeks to be recognized by the state board of education (state board); must complete and submit the applicable application form established by the state board. Requires the state board to do the following: (1) Not later than six months after the date a completed application is submitted, approve or deny the accreditation or recognition. (2) If the state board denies an accreditation or recognition, send notice to the school or national or regional accreditation agency stating the reasons for the denial. Requires the department of education (department) to post a copy of the application forms on the department's website. Provides that the Internet dashboard on the state board's website must include: (1) a school's disciplinary incident data; (2) data regarding a school's socioeconomic status and poverty rate; and (3) a school's proportion of fully licensed teachers. Allows the department to award grants under the student learning recovery grant program (program) in state fiscal years 2024 and 2025 from funds appropriated during the 2021 regular session of the Indiana general assembly that have not been obligated. Establishes additional dates for reporting requirements regarding the program. Provides that, as a component of the program application, the department may include a requirement for a school corporation or charter school to provide a matching grant. Provides that funds appropriated to the student learning recovery grant program fund do not revert to the state general fund and remain available to be spent for purposes of the program. Amends agreement requirements for the Indiana student enrichment grant program. Provides that an enrichment student who currently maintains an account is entitled to a grant amount that is subject to available funding and determined by the department. Repeals a provision that establishes a one time enrichment grant amount.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Local powers concerning elections.. Description: Local powers concerning elections. Provides that a unit does not have the power to adopt an ordinance, a resolution, or an order concerning certain elections, or otherwise conduct an election, except as expressly granted by statute. Specifies that an ordinance, a resolution, or an order concerning certain elections that was adopted before January 1, 2023, is void unless a statute expressly granted the unit the power to adopt the ordinance, resolution, or order.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Receivership for past due utility bills.. Description: Receivership for past due utility bills. Amends the Indiana Code provision that sets forth the cases in which a receiver may be appointed by a court to include the appointment of a receiver upon the request of a utility if the owner of a multifamily residential property with more than four units has incurred utility bills that are at least: (1) 90 days past due; or (2) 60 days past due if a payment plan has been entered into.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Retail sale of dogs.. Description: Retail sale of dogs. Enacts an article concerning the retail sale of dogs. Provides that restrictions on ordinances concerning the retail sale of dogs do not apply to a city or incorporated town that adopts an ordinance before January 1, 2023. Defines a "hobby breeder". Provides that restrictions on the retail sale of dogs apply to certain cities and incorporated towns. Defines a "kennel" to include an establishment that is liable for the payment of a county option dog tax.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Conviction data.. Description: Conviction data. Defines "prohibited person" as a person prohibited from possessing a firearm or carrying a handgun. Provides that the office of judicial administration may establish a system to transmit certain data to assist in determining whether a person is a prohibited person.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Jacob Maldonado.. Description: Honoring Jacob Maldonado.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Foster families.. Description: Foster families. Provides that the amount of foster care support tax credits allowed may not exceed $2,000,000 in each calendar year beginning after December 31, 2023, and ending before January 1, 2028. Requires the department of state revenue (department) to post certain information regarding the: (1) application for the tax credit; (2) timeline for receiving the tax credit; and (3) total amount of tax credits awarded during the current calendar year; on the department's website. Makes various changes to the process to apply for the tax credit. Provides that money in the insuring foster youth trust fund (fund) at the end of a state fiscal year does not revert to the state general fund. Provides that the fund's administrative expenses may not exceed 10% of the amounts deposited into the fund. Provides, in addition to inpatients of state or federally owned or operated hospitals or institutions and their supervisors, that the department of natural resources (DNR) may not charge an admission fee to foster families who reside together in the same licensed foster family home, or other certain foster youth, for the use of any property owned or managed by the DNR for purposes of the statutes concerning state parks and recreation areas. Requires the department of child services to make available a list provided by the Insurance Institute of Indiana that identifies insurers that may provide automobile insurance coverage for a minor without a guardian cosigner. Requires the Indiana assigned risk automobile insurance plan, subject to the rules of the plan, to make automobile insurance available to a foster youth who is between 16 and 23 years of age and is receiving services from the department of child services. Provides that a state or local government agency, a foster parent, or an entity providing services shall not be liable for any damages resulting from a foster youth's operation of an automobile owned and insured by the foster youth.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Certain counties purchasing and data processing.. Description: Certain counties purchasing and data processing. Provides that the county executive of Lake County has jurisdiction over the county purchasing agency and the county data processing agency. Provides that the county executive of St. Joseph County has jurisdiction over the county purchasing agency. (Under current law, the legislative body of Lake County has jurisdiction over both the county purchasing agency and the county data processing agency, and the legislative body of St. Joseph County has jurisdiction over the county purchasing agency.)
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Air pollution control.. Description: Air pollution control. Provides that a federal regulation that classifies or amends a designation of attainment, nonattainment, or unclassifiable for any area in Indiana under the federal Clean Air Act is effective and enforceable in Indiana on the effective date of the federal regulation. Requires the environmental rules board (board) to adopt rules, including emergency rules, to raise two Title V operating permit program fees, increasing: (1) the annual fee for a Part 70 permit to $6,100; and (2) the annual fee for a federally enforceable state operating permit (FESOP) to $6,100; for five years, beginning with the fees first due and collectable after December 31, 2023. Requires the board, not more than 45 days after the effective date of the SECTION requiring the adoption of the rules, to provide notice in the Indiana Register of the first public comment period required before the adoption of the permanent rules raising the two fees. Prohibits the board from beginning to adopt the emergency rules to raise the two fees until the notice of the first comment period concerning the permanent rules to raise the two fees is published.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Tax sales.. Description: Tax sales. Provides that a person who acquires a certificate of sale (certificate) may not assign the certificate to a person who was not eligible under the tax sale laws to bid on or purchase real property at a tax sale until the person satisfies the eligibility requirements as determined by the county auditor. Requires a person to acknowledge that the person will not assign a certificate for any real property purchased to a person who is prohibited from bidding on or purchasing real property at a tax sale. Requires the county auditor to determine that an assignee of a certificate is eligible to receive the assignment for an assignment to be valid. Provides that assignments of a certificate must be included on the county auditor's tax sale record. Requires the county, the county auditor, or a county vendor to list certain information concerning tax sales on the website of the county, county auditor, or county vendor for a specified period of time. Specifies that a county or a county vendor is not liable for an act or omission related to making information available on a website.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Parcels offered at successive tax sales.. Description: Parcels offered at successive tax sales. Requires that the county auditor's notice of tax sale include a statement providing that if a tract or item of real property has been offered for sale at a county treasurer's tax sale (treasurer's sale) and a county executive's tax sale (executive's sale) on two or more occasions without a bid, the tract or item of real property may be subject to an ordinance authorized by the bill. Adds a person who claims a substantial property interest of public record to a statute concerning the county auditor's provision of notice of tax sale to certain persons who annually request a copy of the notice. Provides that a person who owns any tract or item of real property that has been offered for sale at a treasurer's sale and executive's sale on two or more occasions without a bid is prohibited from bidding on or purchasing tracts offered for sale. Adds language that allows a county legislative body to adopt an ordinance with respect to parcels of real property that have been offered for sale at a treasurer's sale and an executive's sale on two or more occasions without a bid. Specifies that such a parcel (subject to certain criteria) is considered a public hazard. Establishes a procedure for a county to transfer a tax sale certificate to a municipality or retain a tax sale certificate and for a county or municipality to file a petition with the circuit court (court) requesting the issuance of a deed for the property to the requesting county or municipality. Provides that, at the request of a municipality, the county auditor and county treasurer (subject to available funding) shall enter into a mutual agreement for the county auditor to perform certain duties concerning notification of a party's right to redeem such a parcel and the filing of a petition to the court for issuance of a tax deed for the parcel. Provides that the court shall hold a hearing on the petition for issuance of a tax deed. Provides requirements that apply to a quiet title action with respect to a parcel placed into the name of a county or municipality. Provides that an owner of a parcel of real property that has been offered for sale at a treasurer's sale and an executive's sale on two or more occasions without a bid may transfer the real property, subject to any liens and encumbrances, by warranty deed to a county or municipality.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Domestic violence.. Description: Domestic violence. Provides that a person arrested for certain crimes committed against a family or household member may not be released on bail for 24 hours. Provides that a charge of invasion of privacy is elevated to a Level 6 felony if the person has a prior unrelated criminal stalking conviction. Provides that certain crimes are considered a serious violent felony for the purposes of unlawful possession of a firearm by a serious violent felon.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Computer trespass.. Description: Computer trespass. Defines "financial information". Enhances the sentence of an offense against intellectual property to a Level 5 felony if the data, computer program, or supporting documentation that is modified, destroyed, or disclosed contains protected health information or financial information. Provides that an offense against computer users is a Level 5 felony if the computer, computer system, or computer network that is the subject of the unauthorized use contained an individual's protected health information or financial information. Provides that an offense of computer trespass is a Level 6 felony if the computer system, computer network, or any part of the computer system or computer network that was subject to the unauthorized use contained protected health information or financial information.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Professional counselors licensure compact.. Description: Professional counselors licensure compact. Requires the behavioral health and human services licensing board to administer the professional counselors licensure compact (compact). Adopts the compact. Sets forth requirements of a member state. Sets forth the duties and authority of the counseling compact commission (commission). Allows a counselor in a home state to practice via telehealth in a member state. Allows each member state to have one delegate on the commission. Establishes the procedure to withdraw from the compact. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Unlawful surveillance.. Description: Unlawful surveillance. Adds a prohibition against using a tracking device to the list of conditions a court may impose when issuing a protection order. Increases the penalty for stalking to a Level 5 felony if the offense is committed by means of a tracking device. Provides that a person who knowingly or intentionally places a tracking device on an individual or the individual's property without the individual's knowledge or consent commits unlawful surveillance, a Class A misdemeanor, unless certain exceptions apply, and increases the penalty to a Level 6 felony if the person is the subject of a protective order or has certain prior convictions. Establishes a sentence enhancement if a person uses a tracking device to commit or facilitate the commission of a crime.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Private card games.. Description: Private card games. Defines "private low stakes card game" and provides a defense to certain gambling crimes if the gambling was a private low stakes card game. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Adverse possession statute of limitations.. Description: Adverse possession statute of limitations. Amends the statute concerning the statute of limitations for actions for the recovery of the possession of real estate to provide that such an action that: (1) involves a line located and established by a professional surveyor; and (2) accrues before the lines are located and established by the surveyor; must be commenced before the expiration of the appeal period set forth in the statute governing county surveyors. Amends the provision concerning the establishment of property lines by means of a legal survey to specify that the lines established are binding on all affected landowners, including a landowner who claims title under a claim of adverse possession. Provides that certain information must be contained in a notice of survey sent to adjoining landowners, and that a legible copy of the plat of the legal survey must be enclosed with the notice. Specifies that both an in county and out of county resident that owns a property subject to a survey has 180 days to appeal the survey to the circuit, superior, or probate court.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: FAFSA.. Description: FAFSA. Requires all students, except for students at certain nonpublic schools, in the student's senior year to complete and submit the FAFSA not later than April 15 unless: (1) a parent of a student or a student, if the student is an emancipated minor, signs a waiver that the student understands what the FAFSA is and declines to complete it; or (2) the principal or school counselor of the student's high school waives the requirement for a group of students due to the principal or school counselor being unable to reach the parents or guardians of the students by April 15 after at least two reasonable attempts to contact the parents or guardians. Requires that the: (1) model notice prepared by the commission for higher education; and (2) notice that each school corporation is required to send regarding the FAFSA; include information regarding the requirements and exceptions for completing the FAFSA. Expires certain requirements on June 30, 2033. Makes a conforming change and technical corrections.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Statewide assessment results.. Description: Statewide assessment results. Requires (rather than permits) the department of education to include in a contract with a statewide assessment vendor entered into or renewed after June 30, 2023, a requirement that the vendor provide a summary of a student's statewide assessment results. Makes a conforming change and a technical correction.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: State fair advisory committee.. Description: State fair advisory committee. Specifies that the state fair advisory committee (committee) is required to report to the legislative council before December 1 following its annual review of the budgets and accounts of the state fair commission and the state fair board. Requires the legislative services agency to provide staff for the committee. (Current law requires the department of agriculture to provide staff for the committee.)
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Maximum price of a pull tab in charity gaming.. Description: Maximum price of a pull tab in charity gaming. Increases the maximum price of a charity gaming ticket for a pull tab, punchboard, or tip board game from $1 to $5. Increases the maximum selling price for one ticket for type II gaming from $1 to $5.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the governor to proclaim May 2020 as Indiana Motherhood Month.. Description: Urging the governor to proclaim May 2020 as Indiana Motherhood Month.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Small modular nuclear reactors.. Description: Small modular nuclear reactors. Changes the rated electric generating capacity from 350 megawatts to 470 megawatts for purposes of the definition of "small modular nuclear reactor" as used in the statutes concerning: (1) certificates of public convenience and necessity issued by the Indiana utility regulatory commission for the construction, lease, or purchase of electric generation facilities; and (2) financial incentives for energy utilities that invest in clean energy projects. Makes a technical correction.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: School board candidate filing deadline.. Description: School board candidate filing deadline. Changes the time frame that a candidate for a school board office is required to file the candidate's petition of nomination. Modifies deadlines concerning a statement questioning the validity of a petition of nomination or contesting the denial of certification.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Citizenship and immigration status.. Description: Citizenship and immigration status. Provides that, if the attorney general determines probable cause exists, the attorney general, rather than any person lawfully domiciled in Indiana, may bring an action to compel a governmental body or postsecondary educational institution to comply with statutes requiring cooperation with federal immigration officials. Requires a court to apply a preponderance of the evidence standard to enjoin the violation of those statutes.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Home detention.. Description: Home detention. Provides that a court may not order a person convicted of a: (1) Level 1 felony; or (2) crime subject to certain enhancements; to a community corrections program. Allows a court to place a person in a community corrections program as an alternative to commitment to the county jail or department of correction. Repeals a requirement that a court suspend the sentence for a person placed in a community corrections program. Specifies that a person sentenced to work release in a community corrections program receives one day of accrued time for each day the person is confined on work release. (Current law only specifies that a person on home detention earns accrued time.) Provides that the violation of a home detention placement term constitutes the crime of escape under certain circumstances. Makes technical changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Allocation of wastewater utility costs.. Description: Allocation of wastewater utility costs. Allows a utility company that: (1) provides both water and wastewater service; and (2) has acquired wastewater utility property; to request, in the context of a petition by the utility company to the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC) for preapproval of a plan for proposed service enhancement improvements to the utility company's wastewater utility property, authorization from the IURC to allocate a portion of the eligible costs of the utility company's wastewater utility property to the utility company's water customers. Provides that if the petition includes such a request for an allocation of costs, the utility company shall provide a copy of: (1) the petition; and (2) the utility company's case in chief; to each intervenor in the utility company's last general rate case. Provides that the IURC may approve the request if the IURC finds that: (1) because of reasonable and necessary improvements that are proposed for the wastewater utility property, the resulting rates charged to wastewater customers would reach levels necessitating the provision of financial assistance to those customers; (2) the total rates charged by the utility company for water service will not increase unreasonably as a result of the allocation; (3) the utility company has included information in its proposal regarding the availability of grants or low interest loans and whether the utility company considered using grants or low interest loans to help finance or reduce the cost of the service enhancement improvements; and (4) the utility company has developed an asset management program. Provides that an increase in the total rates charged for water service by the utility company as a result of the allocation is not unreasonable to the extent the allocation results in an increase in authorized total revenues of 2% or less. Provides that if the IURC approves a utility company's request for an allocation of costs, the utility company shall include a notice on or with water customer monthly bills specifying the amount of the service enhancement improvement adjustment rider approved by the commission that recovers necessary wastewater utility improvements.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Cause of action concerning restraint of trade.. Description: Cause of action concerning restraint of trade. Amends the statute concerning combinations restraining trade as follows: (1) Provides that the attorney general may bring an action for the following on behalf of the state or a political subdivision in connection with a violation of the statute: (A) Appropriate injunctive or other equitable relief, including disgorgement of any gains derived from the violation. (B) A civil penalty. (Current law provides only that the attorney general may bring an action for injuries or damages sustained directly or indirectly by the state or political subdivision as a result of the violation.) (2) Provides that the attorney general may bring an action in the name of the state as parens patriae on behalf of one or more natural persons residing in Indiana for one or more of these same remedies, in connection with a violation of the statute. (3) Specifies that in an action brought under these provisions, the attorney general may recover costs and expenses of the suit, including reasonable attorney's fees and expert fees. (Current law does not specify that the attorney general may recover expenses and expert fees.) (4) Provides that in an action brought under these provisions after June 30, 2023, the attorney general may recover a civil penalty of not more than: (A) $100,000 per violation from any natural person who violates the statute; or (B) $1,000,000 from any other person, other than a natural person, that violates the statute.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Township mergers.. Description: Township mergers. Allows a township that does not have a township trustee or township board to merge with another township, if identical resolutions approving the merger are adopted by the following: (1) The township trustee and legislative body of the other township. (2) The county executive.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Unclaimed property matters.. Description: Unclaimed property matters. Defines "gift card". Makes various changes to statutes in the state's revised unclaimed property act concerning: (1) presumptions of abandonment; (2) reporting of unclaimed property; (3) delivery of property to the attorney general; (4) delivery of property from the attorney general to the presumed owner; (5) payment of gain realized or accrued on property; and (6) filing claims for property.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Hunting and fishing license agents.. Description: Hunting and fishing license agents. Provides that (in addition to the $0.75 service fee a license agent authorized to sell licenses for fish and wildlife shall retain) a license agent may also charge on each transaction both a: (1) $0.25 processing fee; and (2) 1.96% fee; to cover credit card processing costs associated with the sale of a license.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: 1977 fund membership.. Description: 1977 fund membership. Modifies the definition of "salary of a first class patrolman or first class firefighter" for the 1977 police officers' and firefighters' pension and disability fund (1977 fund). Allows an airport authority to participate in the 1977 fund. Increases the maximum age for a firefighter to be appointed to a fire department and become a member of the 1977 fund from 35 years of age to 39 years of age. Makes corresponding changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Public safety matters.. Description: Public safety matters. Provides that a unit shall provide by ordinance the number of police reserve officers a law enforcement agency may appoint. Provides that the law enforcement training board may revoke, suspend, modify, or restrict a document showing compliance and qualifications for a unit's police reserve officer who has committed misconduct. Provides that a law enforcement agency hiring a police reserve officer must contact every other law enforcement agency that employed (or employs) the applicant and request the applicant's employment file and disciplinary record. Provides that a special law enforcement officer employed by the city of Indianapolis full time after June 30, 2023, to perform park ranger duties (park ranger) is subject to the same training requirements as regular law enforcement officers. Provides that the facilities of the Indiana law enforcement academy must be used to provide a park ranger with the required basic training.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Justice Steven H. David.. Description: Honoring Justice Steven H. David. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Justice Steven H. David upon his retirement from the Indiana Supreme Court.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Study committee.. Description: Study committee. Urges the legislative council to assign the topic of various housing matters to the appropriate interim study committee.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Task force for the reduction of violent crime.. Description: Task force for the reduction of violent crime. Establishes the task force for the reduction of violent crime (task force). Requires the task force to study potential statutory changes to reduce violent crime and submit a report for distribution to the general assembly.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Witness protection pilot programs.. Description: Witness protection pilot programs. Urges the legislative council to assign the topic of witness protection and assistance pilot programs in Lake County, Marion County, and Vanderburgh County to the appropriate interim study committee.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Standing order for overdose intervention drugs.. Description: Standing order for overdose intervention drugs. Provides that a statewide standing order for the dispensing of an overdose intervention drug must allow for choice in the: (1) purchasing; (2) dispensing; and (3) distributing; of any formulation or dosage of a naloxone product that is approved by the federal Food and Drug Administration.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Annexation.. Description: Annexation. With certain exceptions, requires a municipality that initiates an annexation to file with the court an annexation petition approved by the signatures of: (1) at least 51% of the owners of non-tax exempt land in the annexation territory; or (2) the owners of at least 75% in assessed valuation of non-tax exempt land in the annexation territory. Requires the court to hold a hearing if the petition has enough signatures. Adds provisions for determining the validity of signatures. Eliminates the following: (1) Remonstrances and remonstrance waivers. (2) Reimbursement of remonstrator's attorney's fees and costs. (3) Adoption of a fiscal plan for annexations requested by 100% of landowners in the annexation territory. (4) Settlement agreements in lieu of annexation. (5) Provisions regarding contiguity of a public highway.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Energy audit of state government campus.. Description: Energy audit of state government campus. Provides that the Indiana department of administration may issue a request for proposals and award a contract for the conduct of an energy audit on the: (1) Indiana state capitol building; and (2) Indiana government center north and south buildings; not later than December 31, 2023.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Various elections matters.. Description: Various elections matters. Defines "election worker" and makes it a Level 6 felony to take certain actions: (1) for the purpose of influencing an election worker; (2) to obstruct or interfere with an election worker; or (3) that injure an election worker. Permits the use of an electronic device at a precinct or vote center to display a sample ballot. Provides, beginning January 1, 2024, that in a county that is not designated as a vote center county, a local public question or referendum may be placed on the ballot only at the following elections: (1) A general election. (2) A municipal general election, but only if the election district for the public question is contained entirely within a municipality. Provides, beginning January 1, 2024, that: (1) a state public question; or (2) an election of delegates to a convention to consider ratifying an amendment to the United States Constitution; may be placed on the ballot only at a general election. Specifies a temporary exception to the provisions concerning local public questions. Makes certain changes to the public question ballot language required for a controlled project referendum, school operations fund referendum, and school safety referendum. Declares confidential particular information that directly or indirectly indicates the selections made by a voter while voting in an election. Authorizes the repurposing of an electronic poll book unit as a device to display sample ballots if the electronic poll book software is deleted from the unit. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Vision zero task force.. Description: Vision zero task force. Establishes the vision zero task force (task force) to study and make recommendations concerning: (1) the reduction and prevention of fatalities on roads and highways; and (2) other driving safety issues. Requires the task force to file an annual report with the interim study committee on roads and transportation. Requires the legislative services agency  to provide staff support for the task force.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Learner's permits.. Description: Learner's permits. Provides that, to obtain a learner's permit, an individual who is less than 18 years of age must provide the bureau of motor vehicles with an emergency contact person who is not the holder of the learner's permit to be listed in the Indiana emergency contact data base for the individual who holds the learner's permit.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Munster High School boys swim team.. Description: Recognizing the Munster High School boys swim team.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Reporting requirements for electric vehicles.. Description: Reporting requirements for electric vehicles. Requires the bureau of motor vehicles to submit a report annually to the Indiana utility regulatory commission that includes information regarding the number of electric vehicles registered by county.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Floodplain mapping.. Description: Floodplain mapping. Repeals the requirement that local floodplain administrators use the "best floodplain mapping data" as provided by the department of natural resources (department) and located on the Indiana Floodplain Information Portal when reviewing an application for a permit to authorize construction in or near a floodplain. Provides that, after June 30, 2023, a county or municipality may not issue a permit for construction activity in or near a floodplain unless the permit applicant is allowed to elect whether the local floodplain administrator will use: (1) the department's "best floodplain mapping data"; or (2) an engineering study provided by the permit applicant; in reviewing the permit application. Prohibits a local floodplain administrator from issuing a permit authorizing a structure or construction activity in or near a floodplain if the issuance of the permit will violate National Flood Insurance Program requirements. Provides that, after June 30, 2025, an individual may not serve as the floodplain administrator of a county or municipality unless the individual has successfully completed: (1) the Certified Floodplain Manager program of the Association of State Floodplain Managers; or (2) another course or training program for local floodplain managers that is approved by the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the department. Provides that a person that has: (1) an ownership interest; (2) a leasehold interest; or (3) a security interest; in a parcel of real property may at any time request a review by the department of the department's "best floodplain mapping data" that applies to the parcel of real property. Requires the department to conduct the review at no cost to the person requesting the review and to use a detailed hydrologic modeling method in conducting the review. Provides that: (1) if the person requesting the review has applied to a local floodplain administrator for a permit authorizing the construction of a structure or other construction activity on the parcel of real property; and (2) the department does not complete the review within 120 days after the review was requested; the person may elect whether the local floodplain administrator, in reviewing the person's permit application, will use the department's "best floodplain mapping data" or an engineering study provided by the person. Provides that, in the disclosure form that is adopted by the Indiana real estate commission and that must be submitted to a prospective buyer of real estate before the prospective buyer's offer is accepted, the owner of real estate must disclose the fact that all or a portion of the owner's real estate is located within a community's floodplain boundaries, as indicated in a Federal Emergency Management Agency Flood Insurance Rate Map, if the owner has personal knowledge of that fact.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: State spending report for taxpayers.. Description: State spending report for taxpayers. Requires the department of state revenue (department) to annually provide each resident individual taxpayer who paid adjusted gross income taxes in the immediately previous taxable year a taxpayer receipt statement in an electronic format explaining how the individual taxpayer's taxes are being used. Requires the department, in consultation with the budget agency, to create and administer an Internet web page on which individual taxpayers may access an estimate of the allocation of their adjusted gross income taxes to various expenditure categories for the most recent state fiscal year based on the adjusted gross income taxes paid by the taxpayer. Specifies the information that the must be provided on the web page. Requires the department to include a link to the web page on the Indiana individual income tax return, Form IT-40.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Excess liability trust fund.. Description: Excess liability trust fund. Defines "aboveground storage tank" as a tank or combination of tanks that is at least 90% above the surface of the ground, that has a capacity of more than 1,500 gallons but not more than 20,000 gallons, and that is used for the bulk storage and distribution of motor fuel to retailers or used at an airport. Changes the name of the underground petroleum storage excess liability fund to the "petroleum storage excess liability fund" (ELTF). Changes the name of the underground storage tank financial assurance board to the "petroleum storage tank financial assurance board" (financial assurance board). Transfers, from the state fire marshal and the fire prevention and building safety commission to the department of environmental management (department) and the environmental rules board, the authority to issue certificates for people who install, test, or decommission underground or aboveground storage tanks. Transfers rules concerning the certification program. Authorizes the use of the ELTF to provide a source of money to satisfy liabilities for corrective action involving aboveground storage tanks. Authorizes the use of the ELTF to provide reimbursement of 50% of costs of decommissioning or replacing underground petroleum storage tanks subject to certain conditions, but limits the total amounts that can be paid from the ELTF each year for this purpose. Requires the financial assurance board to adopt: (1) rules concerning this reimbursement program; and (2) rules under which ELTF eligibility and funding may be reopened for a release previously granted "no further action" status by the department. Provides that a subsequent owner of a property on which a restrictive covenant has been placed because of soil or water contamination due to a leaking underground or aboveground storage tank is eligible for reimbursement from the ELTF of remediation expenses if the tank was registered and all annual fees for the tank were paid before the eligible release. Provides that the commissioner of the department (commissioner) may not: (1) issue an order to secure compliance; or (2) proceed in court; to require the owner or operator of an underground storage tank to undertake corrective action with respect to a release of petroleum until the commissioner has received and reviewed the initial site characterization of the site of the release. Provides that, if a quantity of the released petroleum remains or may remain underground at a site, the commissioner is prohibited from: (1) requesting that the owner or operator execute a restrictive covenant applying to the site; (2) making a determination of no further action being required at the site; or (3) approving closure of the site; unless the commissioner has received and reviewed the initial site characterization, but allows the commissioner to require the owner or operator to undertake corrective action at the site before reviewing the initial site characterization in case of a threat to human health or the environment. Establishes requirements for initial site characterizations. Provides that a qualified environmental professional, upon behalf of a tank owner, may request a waiver of the initial site characterization requirements and suggest an alternative procedure. Provides that the fee for the inspection of gasoline or kerosene: (1) applies to "avgas" (aviation fuel used in piston engine powered aircraft) in the same manner and to the same extent as it applies to gasoline; and (2) applies to jet fuel in the same manner and to the same extent as it applies to kerosene. Establishes an aviation fuel account (account) within the ELTF and requires that the inspection fees on avgas and jet fuel be deposited in the account. Provides that the account may be used only for financial responsibility, corrective action, third party indemnification, and administration expenses related to avgas and jet fuel.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Long acting reversible contraceptives.. Description: Long acting reversible contraceptives. Requires a hospital that operates a maternity unit to ensure that a woman giving birth in the hospital has the option, if medically appropriate, of having a long acting reversible contraceptive placed after delivery and before the woman is discharged. Allows a hospital to be exempt from the requirement if the hospital has a faith based objection. Specifies that a hospital is not responsible for the costs of the contraceptive.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Town of Highland Police Chief Peter T. Hojnicki on his retirement after 37 years of service.. Description: Congratulating Town of Highland Police Chief Peter T. Hojnicki on his retirement after 37 years of service. Congratulating Town of Highland Police Chief Peter T. Hojnicki on his retirement after 37 years of service.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Long acting reversible contraceptives.. Description: Long acting reversible contraceptives. Allows a long acting reversible contraceptive that is prescribed to and obtained for a Medicaid recipient to be transferred to another Medicaid recipient if certain requirements are met.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: State tax credit for public school foundation.. Description: State tax credit for public school foundation. Provides a 25% state tax credit for contributions made to a public school foundation for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2023, and before January 1, 2026. Provides that the amount allowable as a credit in a taxable year may not exceed: (1) $1,000 in the case of an individual filing a single return or a corporation; or (2) $2,000 in the case of a married couple filing a joint return. Provides that the maximum amount of credits that may be awarded in a state fiscal year may not exceed $100,000.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: TANF eligibility.. Description: TANF eligibility. Sets the income eligibility requirements for the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program at a specified percentage of the federal income poverty level. Requires the division of family resources (division) to amend the state TANF plan or take any other action necessary to implement the income requirements. Increases certain payment amounts nder the TANF program. Repeals provisions: (1) regarding TANF eligibility of a child born more than 10 months after the child's family qualifies for TANF assistance; (2) encouraging a family that receives TANF assistance to receive family planning counseling; and (3) requiring the division to apply a percentage reduction to the total needs of TANF applicants and recipients in computing TANF benefits. Provides that TANF assistance shall be provided to a woman who: (1) is pregnant at the time an application for assistance is filed; and (2) meets the income requirements. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to calculate and report to the legislative council, by December 1 of every even-numbered year, the amounts that would result if certain payment amounts were adjusted each year using the Social Security cost of living adjustment rate. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating women in public office.. Description: Celebrating women in public office.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Prohibited pension system investments.. Description: Prohibited pension system investments. Prohibits the Indiana public retirement system from investing in certain restricted entities or restricted investment products, including particular investments publicly confirmed to be controlled by the People's Republic of China or the Chinese Communist Party. Specifies exceptions, a divestment schedule, and reporting requirements. Adds a provision urging the legislative council to assign to the interim study committee on pension management oversight the topic of studying whether to cease or defer divestment or resume investment in an entity or product in accordance with the provisions regarding divestment from Chinese companies.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Certified technology parks.. Description: Certified technology parks. Specifies additional information that a certified technology park (park) is required to provide to the Indiana economic development corporation (corporation) in the course of a review. Provides that if a park has reached the limit on deposits and maintains its certification, the park shall become a Level 2 park. Increases, from $100,000 to $250,000, the annual additional incremental income tax deposit amount that a park captures once it has reached its limit on deposits. Clarifies the calculation of the additional incremental income tax deposit amount in the year in which a park reaches its limit on deposits. Provides that when the corporation certifies a Level 2 park, the corporation shall make a determination of whether the park shall continue to be designated as a Level 2 park. Requires the corporation to report to the budget committee certain information pertaining to businesses located in each park on a biennial basis.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Administration of anesthesia in dental office.. Description: Administration of anesthesia in dental office. Provides that a rule requiring an office based setting to be accredited by an accreditation agency does not apply to certain individuals providing anesthesia in a dental office. Allows an anesthesiologist, a certified registered nurse anesthetist, and an anesthesiologist assistant to administer moderate sedation, deep sedation, or general anesthesia to a patient in a dental office if certain standards are met.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Tax exempt property.. Description: Tax exempt property. Provides that a building is exempt from property taxation if it is owned by a nonprofit entity and is: (1) registered as a continuing care retirement community; or (2) licensed as a health care facility. Makes various changes to a provision granting a property tax exemption to cemetery owners.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Practice of medicine terms.. Description: Practice of medicine terms. Provides, for purposes of the law prohibiting the unlawful practice of medicine or osteopathic medicine, that "the practice of medicine or osteopathic medicine" includes attaching to an individual's name the words "allergist", "electrophysiologist", "geriatrician", "immunologist", "medical geneticist", "neonatologist", or "pulmonologist".
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Selection of poet laureate.. Description: Selection of poet laureate. Revises the selection process for a poet laureate. Provides that the selection committee may meet as necessary. Removes the requirement that a poet laureate be selected by December 1 of each odd-numbered year. Removes the fixed term duration and instead provides that the poet laureate serves a minimum of two years. Removes the $2,500 pay cap for a poet laureate. Provides that the Indiana arts commission may engage other partners for services as needed.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Fire protection.. Description: Fire protection. Provides that an individual who is certified as a fire inspector may conduct a fire inspection. Provides that an individual who is certified as a fire inspector and not an employee of the fire department may conduct a fire inspection after completing additional requirements. Requires a structure constructed or initially converted or remodeled after June 30, 2023, for use as an animal facility to have a fire alarm system or staff on duty any time a dog or cat is present on the premises. Authorizes periodic local or state fire inspections to determine compliance.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Justice Margret Robb for her 24 years of service to the State of Indiana.. Description: Honoring Justice Margret Robb for her 24 years of service to the State of Indiana. Honoring Justice Margret Robb for her 24 years of service to the State of Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Nonprofit corporations.. Description: Nonprofit corporations. Provides that the contents of an investigative demand issued by the attorney general are to be kept confidential. Defines charitable organization. Expands the definition of "public benefit corporation" to include a domestic corporation that serves a public benefit with an operating budget that is supported by public funds or authorized to spend public funds in furtherance of its mission. Provides that a court may dissolve a corporation under certain circumstances. Specifies procedural requirements that the attorney general must take before petitioning the court for dissolution of a corporation for certain reasons. Provides exceptions. Allows the attorney general to petition a court for additional remedies against a corporation, in addition to or as an alternative dissolution, for certain violations. Provides that upon a showing of reasonable cause, a court may appoint a receiver to manage a corporation under certain circumstances. Requires a corporation to keep certain records for at least three years. Allows the attorney general to inspect records of certain corporations. Prohibits a state agency from imposing a filing or reporting requirement on a charitable organization that is more burdensome than Indiana law allows. Provides exceptions. Allows the attorney general to take certain actions if the attorney general finds that a corporation has failed to comply with certain record requirements. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Indiana national guard matters.. Description: Indiana national guard matters. Provides that a court-martial of a member of the Indiana national guard may be convened by orders of the governor or the adjutant general. (Current law provides that a court-martial of a member of the Indiana national guard may be convened by orders of the governor.) Provides that a member of the Indiana national guard may not demand trial by court-martial in lieu of nonjudicial punishment. Removes a provision permitting a commanding officer to order a member of the officer's command to be confined under correctional custody for not more than eight days. Makes changes to the disciplinary punishment an officer exercising command may impose.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Marion County road funding.. Description: Marion County road funding. Provides that at least 65% of the funds distributed to a county containing a consolidated city from the motor vehicle highway account (MVHA) shall be used for the construction, reconstruction, and preservation of highways by the county and the consolidated city respectively. (Current law provides that at least 50% of the funds distributed to a county or a municipality from the MVHA is to be used for the construction, reconstruction, and preservation of the county or municipality's highways.) Provides that, for purposes of determining the right of the consolidated city to receive a distribution of money from the MVHA based on population, the population of all the territory of the consolidated city is considered its population. Provides that, beginning in calendar year 2024, the consolidated city must use: (1) the entire amount distributed to the consolidated city from the MVHA that is attributable to the consolidated city's population in Wayne, Pike, and Decatur townships not included in the population of the fire special service district; and (2) an appropriation that is the greater of $8,000,000 or the amount of the distribution from the MVHA that is attributable to the consolidated city's population in Wayne, Pike, and Decatur townships not included in the population of the fire special service district in the previous year; for the construction, reconstruction, and preservation of the consolidated city's local streets and alleys. Requires the Indiana department of transportation (department) to: (1) conduct a study, with advisement from the consolidated city, to determine the asset condition of the consolidated city's former state highways; (2) appear before the interim study committee on roads and transportation during the 2023 legislative interim to provide testimony on the department's findings and observations from the study; and (3) not later than November 1, 2023, report the department's findings and observations to the interim study committee on roads and transportation.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Prosecuting attorneys.. Description: Prosecuting attorneys. Removes the attorney general's concurrent criminal jurisdiction in certain cases. Establishes a prosecutor review board. Establishes a special prosecutor unit as a division of the prosecuting attorneys council of Indiana (IPAC) to: (1) take special prosecutor appointments; (2) increase the number of qualified special prosecutors; and (3) exercise concurrent criminal jurisdiction with a prosecuting attorney if authorized by the prosecutor review board. Establishes the Indiana prosecuting attorney commission as a division of IPAC to: (1) make recommendations to the general assembly concerning staffing for prosecuting services; (2) adopt guidelines and standards for attorney services; and (3) provide reimbursement to counties for expenses incurred in connection with attorney services. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Elliot Cox.. Description: Congratulating Elliot Cox. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Elliot Cox for his successes on and off the racetrack and transition into the USF2000 Championship racing series.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Credit time.. Description: Credit time. Permits a person placed on pretrial home detention to earn accrued time and good time credit in the same manner as other persons on home detention, but provides that specified misconduct will result in the deprivation of all credit time earned on pretrial home detention. Amends the sentencing guidelines for a habitual offender.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various probate and trust matters.. Description: Various probate and trust matters. Provides that a person may sign a form of living will declaration or a form of life prolonging procedures will declaration in the presence of a notary public. Removes nonconforming language in a petition for administration statute. Clarifies the service requirements for certain probate notices. Provides that a testator or a testator's agent may send written notice of the existence of a will to certain persons. Provides that if a testator's will includes a provision exercising a power of appointment, the testator or the testator's agent may notify certain persons of the existence of the will. Provides that a written notice of the existence of a will contains certain information. Provides for a procedure to contest certain wills. Provides that if a notice to contest the validity of a trust pertains to a trust created by a settlor who is still living, a complete copy of the trust instrument must be sent with the notice to each recipient. Sets forth certain complaint and notice requirements if a trust is being contested. Allows a court to increase, decrease, or waive the bond amount that: (1) a nonresident personal representative; or (2) a personal representative who becomes a nonresident; is to file in order to administer an unsupervised estate. Sets forth the requirements for: (1) a verified petition for a confidential health disclosure order; and (2) the court procedures after the verified petition is filed. Provides that if a settlor revokes a revocable trust and the trustee does not deliver the trust property, the remaining trust property becomes part of the revoking settlor's probate estate. Provides that certain grantors are entitled to reimbursement from a trust for certain taxes. Provides that an individual may execute certain authority for an application for public benefits on behalf of the individual. Sets forth requirements for the enforcement of a portability agreement contained within a premarital agreement or postmarital agreement. Makes conforming and clarifying changes. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the probate code study commission.)
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: BMV disclosure of personal information.. Description: BMV disclosure of personal information. Requires the bureau of motor vehicles (BMV) to disclose to the department of veterans' affairs (department) certain personal information included on an application form for a disabled Hoosier veteran license plate, a Purple Heart license plate, a Hoosier veteran license plate, a support our troops license plate, and an Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal license plate unless the applicant makes an affirmative statement against the disclosure. Sets forth the purposes for which the personal information may be used by the department. Requires the BMV to annually provide a report to the budget committee that includes: (1) the amount of revenue received in the calendar year in exchange for the disclosure of personal information or data to any person or entity; and (2) detailed, specific information on the BMV's use, or intended use, of the revenue.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: INPRS investments.. Description: INPRS investments. Requires the board of trustees of the Indiana public retirement system (board) to make investment decisions with the primary purpose of maximizing the target rate of return on the board's investments. Prohibits the board from making an investment decision with the purpose of influencing any social or environmental policy or attempting to influence the governance of any corporation for nonpecuniary purposes. Specifies an exception. Requires the board to adopt a policy that ensures proxy voting and engagement is based primarily on maximizing the target rate of return on the board's investments. Provides certain guidelines and reporting requirements for proxy voting in relation to the administration of the public pension and retirement funds of the system.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Sale of tax delinquent real property.. Description: Sale of tax delinquent real property. Defines the term "severed interest" as an improvement,
mineral rights, air rights, water rights, or other rights in property in, on, under, or above the land for which the owner or holder of the interest identified in the current real property tax records of the county auditor is sent a separate property tax statement. Provides that the estate in fee simple that is vested in a grantee by a tax deed executed under the law on the sale of tax delinquent property is subject to a lease shown by public record if the tax deed conveys only a severed interest located in, on, under, or above the land. Provides that the rights that an owner of land has in the land, in a lease shown by public record, or in a memorandum of a lease shown by public record are not limited or abrogated by a tax deed conveying an interest in one or more severed improvements.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Utility infrastructure improvement charges.. Description: Utility infrastructure improvement charges. Amends the statute governing infrastructure improvement charges for water or wastewater utilities as follows: (1) Provides that in the case of a municipally owned utility or a not-for-profit utility, the adjustment amount to an eligible utility's basic rates and charges for the recovery of infrastructure improvement costs shall be recovered over a 12 month period, regardless of the amount of time over which the infrastructure improvement costs were incurred. (2) Provides that a utility may not recover through an infrastructure improvement charge any infrastructure improvement costs that are recovered by the utility through contributions in aid of construction. (3) Provides that when an eligible utility files a petition for an adjustment amount with the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC), the office of utility consumer counselor (OUCC) may examine information of the eligible utility, limited to confirming: (A) that the infrastructure improvements for which recovery is sought are eligible for cost recovery under the statute; and (B) the proper calculation of the proposed adjustment amount. (Existing law provides that the OUCC may examine the information of an eligible utility to confirm these matters, but does not specify that the OUCC's examination is limited to the confirmation of these matters.) (4) Provides that if the IURC finds that an eligible utility's proposed adjustment amount has not been calculated correctly, the IURC shall: (A) provide the correct calculation of the adjustment amount; and (B) allow the eligible utility to implement the corrected adjustment amount. (5) Amends the factors that the IURC may consider in determining the amount of allowable recovery of infrastructure improvement costs for a municipally owned utility or a not-for-profit utility to provide that the IURC may consider other expenses that the IURC considers appropriate, including money for the payment of any taxes that may be assessed against: (A) a municipally owned utility; or (B) a not-for-profit utility or its property; as applicable. (6) Specifies that in the case of a municipally owned utility or not-for-profit utility, the statute's cap limiting total adjustment revenues to 10% of an eligible utility's approved base revenue level applies over the course of each 12 month recovery period. (7) Amends the statute's provisions requiring an eligible utility to reconcile the difference between adjustment revenues and infrastructure improvement costs as follows: (A) Specifies that the reconciliation must occur at the end of each 12 month recovery period. (B) Provides that in the case of a municipally owned utility or a not-for-profit utility, the adjustment amount shall be reset to zero after all previously approved infrastructure improvement costs have been collected.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Residential tax increment financing.. Description: Residential tax increment financing. Removes the threshold conditions for establishing a residential housing development program and a tax increment allocation area for the program, including the condition that the governing body of each school corporation affected by the program pass a resolution approving the program before the program may go into effect. Provides that the fiscal body of a county may adopt an ordinance to designate an economic development target area.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Sex offenses.. Description: Sex offenses. Increases the maximum penalty for child molesting from 40 to 50 years under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Regulation of charitable organizations.. Description: Regulation of charitable organizations. Prohibits a state agency or a state official from imposing on a charitable organization any filing or reporting requirements that are more stringent or burdensome than those imposed by, or authorized under, state or federal law. Provides that this limitation does not apply: (1) to requirements imposed in connection with: (A) state grants or contracts; or (B) fraud investigations; or (2) in connection with an enforcement action against a specific charitable organization.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Privacy protections for nonprofit organizations.. Description: Privacy protections for nonprofit organizations. Defines "personal information", with respect to a nonprofit organization, as a compilation of data that directly or indirectly identifies a person as a member of, supporter of, volunteer for, or donor to, the nonprofit organization. Prohibits a public agency (defined in the bill as a state agency or a political subdivision) from doing the following: (1) Requiring a person or nonprofit organization to provide personal information to the public agency, or otherwise compelling the release of personal information. (2) Releasing, publicizing, or publicly disclosing personal information in its possession. (3) Requesting or requiring a current or prospective contractor or grantee to provide a list of nonprofit organizations to which the current or prospective contractor or grantee has provided financial or nonfinancial support. Provides exceptions to these prohibitions with respect to disclosures made: (1) in compliance with specified laws; or (2) under certain circumstances in the context of litigation. Provides that personal information is considered confidential and is not subject to disclosure under Indiana's access to public records act (act). Provides that a person alleging a violation of the bill's provisions may bring a civil action for injunctive relief, specified damages, or both. Provides that: (1) a public employee; (2) a public official; or (3) an employee or officer of a contractor or subcontractor for a public agency; who violates the bill's provisions is subject to the penalties and discipline that apply with respect to violations of the act.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Address confidentiality.. Description: Address confidentiality. Makes the following changes to the definition of "covered person" for purposes of the statutes concerning restricted addresses: (1) Replaces a "victim of domestic violence" with an individual who is an address confidentiality "program participant". (2) Includes any person who resides in the same household as a person considered a "covered person". Urges the legislative council to assign to the appropriate interim study committee the topic of studying certain topics regarding address confidentiality protections.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Computer aided emergency dispatch systems.. Description: Computer aided emergency dispatch systems. Provides that the statewide 911 board (board) may conduct a feasibility study on potential ways in which the computer aided dispatch (CAD) systems used by public safety answering points (PSAPs) in Indiana could be made interoperable to facilitate the standard dispatch of EMS resources based on using the EMS resource that represents the closest and most appropriate EMS resource to respond to an emergency. Provides that the board may submit a report on the study to the following not later than July 1, 2024: (1) The executive director of the legislative services agency to distribute to members of the general assembly. (2) The department of homeland security. (3) The integrated public safety commission. (4) The Indiana department of health. Sets forth information that may be included in the report. Provides that these provisions expire January 1, 2025.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Contracting and purchasing.. Description: Contracting and purchasing. Provides that a political subdivision may make advance payments to contractors to enable the contractors to purchase materials needed for a public works project of the political subdivision. Provides that a political subdivision may make advance payments for goods or services before the goods are delivered or services are completed if the fiscal body of the political subdivision authorizes advance payments.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Audit of Medicaid program prescription drug costs.. Description: Audit of Medicaid program prescription drug costs. Provides that the office of the attorney general, or an independent auditor with experience auditing expenses related to prescription drugs that is hired through a request for proposal process by the attorney general, shall conduct an audit concerning prescription drug costs for the Medicaid program. Requires the auditor to examine cost sharing, spread pricing, patient steering, proper brand and generic definitions, effective rate clawbacks, medical loss ratio inflation, formulary compliance, discriminatory pricing, and any other metric determined by the attorney general. Provides that the audit look back period for the initial audit must be the previous five state fiscal years. Provides that the audit look back period for every audit conducted thereafter must be the previous three state fiscal years. Provides that the results of an audit must be provided to the legislative council.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Brownfields inventory.. Description: Brownfields inventory. Allows the Indiana brownfields fund to be used to pay for assessments or studies conducted under the Indiana brownfields program. Authorizes the Indiana finance authority (finance authority) to create and maintain an inventory of brownfields located in Indiana. Authorizes the finance authority: (1) to contract with one or more state supported colleges or universities for assistance in creating and maintaining the inventory; and (2) to pay costs arising from the creation and maintenance of the inventory with funds appropriated to the Indiana brownfields fund. Provides that, if the inventory is created, the finance authority shall report the contents of the inventory to the interim study committee on environmental affairs in 2024 and in each succeeding even-numbered calendar year.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Student health matters.. Description: Student health matters. Allows a school corporation to contract with a health care provider, health system, or community partner to establish a school based health center (center) and provide services to certain students. Sets forth requirements to establish a center. Provides that the state board shall amend any rules necessary to comply with the requirements to establish a center.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Homestead standard deduction.. Description: Homestead standard deduction. Specifies the requirements and the real property improvements considered when determining whether property is a dwelling or a homestead for purposes of the standard property tax deduction law. Removes additional definitions of "homestead" from the statute. Specifies that for purposes of the circuit breaker law "nonresidential real property" refers to real property that is not: (1) a homestead; (2) residential property; (3) long term care property; or (4) agricultural land. Provides that, for assessment dates after December 31, 2023, "residential property" includes any other land, building, or residential yard structure, including a deck, patio, gazebo, or pool that is not attached to a dwelling that: (1) is not part of a homestead; and (2) is predominantly used for a residential purpose. Makes a conforming change.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Professional sports and convention development areas.. Description: Professional sports and convention development areas. Adds certain city facilities located in the city of South Bend to the tax area of the South Bend professional sports and convention development area (PSCDA). Increases the maximum amount of covered taxes that may be captured in the PSCDA from $2,000,000 to $5,000,000. Provides that the first $2,500,000 of captured taxes each year shall be transferred to the city of South Bend to be used for capital improvements for a facility owned by the city and used by a professional sports franchise. Provides that the remaining captured taxes each year shall be transferred to the city of South Bend to be used consistent with specified uses under current law. Provides that the South Bend PSCDA terminates not later than June 30, 2044. Increases the amount of revenue that may be captured in a PSCDA (other than a PSCDA in Allen County or South Bend) to an amount that may not exceed $10 (instead of $5 under current law) per resident. Authorizes the city of Fishers to establish a professional sports development area. Provides that, for a professional sports development area established in the city of Fishers, the maximum amount of covered taxes that may be captured is $2,000,000 per year. Specifies the uses of the captured tax revenue. Provides that the professional sports development area terminates not later than June 30, 2044.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Gary Community Schools.. Description: Gary Community Schools. Establishes procedures to appoint members to the governing body of the Gary Community School Corporation. Establishes procedures for transferring responsibility of financial and academic matters from the emergency manager to the governing body. Removes obsolete provisions and makes conforming amendments. Provides that not later than October 31, 2025, and each October 31 thereafter, the governing body must submit a report to the distressed unit appeal board (DUAB) summarizing the financial position and operations of the school corporation for the previous state fiscal year. Requires: (1) the governing body to submit a report concerning specified topics to the DUAB and the budget committee before July 1, 2026; and (2) the DUAB to present that report to the budget committee before November 1, 2026. Repeals provisions relating to the election of advisory board members for the Gary Community School Corporation. Provides that the DUAB may employ staff (instead of an executive director). Repeals provisions requiring the DUAB to pay the Muncie Community School's emergency manager's compensation and to reimburse the Muncie Community School's emergency manager for actual and necessary expenses. Repeals the fiscal and qualitative indicators committee (committee). Replaces references to the committee with references to the DUAB.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Deposition of child victim.. Description: Deposition of child victim. Specifies that "deposition" or "depose", for purposes of a criminal case with a child victim, means a deposition pursuant to Indiana Trial Rule 30 or 31, or any other formal or informal statement or interview. Adds certain additional healthcare professionals to the list of healthcare professionals who may assist a court in determining whether a protected person can reasonably communicate in the physical presence of a defendant.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Planning and zoning affecting military bases.. Description: Planning and zoning affecting military bases. Allows a unit to establish a military impact zoning district for an area adversely impacted by the effects of military operations. Establishes a state area of interest that is comprised of land within one or both of the following: (1) Within three miles of certain military installations. (2) Within a military impact zoning district. Makes planning, zoning, and development activity (activity) in a state area of interest subject to the military installation commander's determination regarding the activity's impact on military operations. Allows a representative of the military installation to serve as a nonvoting adviser to the unit's plan commission. Requires a lease or real estate sales disclosure form to disclose that the property is within a state area of interest. Provides that the responsibility for the disclosure required by the owner that the property is located near a military installation rests solely with the owner of the property and no liability for the owner's failure to make the required disclosure shall accrue to any third party.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Simplified application for SNAP benefits.. Description: Simplified application for SNAP benefits. Requires the division of family resources of the family and social services administration (division) to develop and implement simplified requirements by which an individual who: (1) is 60 years of age or older or a person with a disability; and (2) resides in a household every resident of which is 60 years of age or older or a person with a disability (eligible individual); may certify or recertify the individual's eligibility for supplemental nutrition assistance program (SNAP) benefits. Provides that the simplified requirements must allow an eligible individual who certifies or recertifies the individual's eligibility to receive SNAP benefits under the simplified requirements to remain eligible for SNAP benefits for 36 months after the certification or recertification. Requires the division to use data matching to provide SNAP eligibility information to eligible individuals who are receiving Medicaid benefits and are eligible for SNAP benefits.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Art and music therapy.. Description: Art and music therapy. Provides for the licensure of music therapists, art therapists, and art therapist associates by the medical licensing board of Indiana. Establishes requirements and procedures for an individual to be licensed as a music therapist, art therapist, and art therapist associate. Establishes an art therapy advisory council and a music therapy advisory council. Prohibits a person who is not licensed as a music therapist, art therapist, or an art therapist associate from using certain titles or certain words in a title.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Attainable homeownership tax credit.. Description: Attainable homeownership tax credit. Establishes a tax credit (credit) for a contribution to an affordable housing organization (organization). Requires the Indiana economic development corporation to approve each organization applicant as an organization for which a taxpayer is eligible to claim a credit for a contribution. Provides that the amount of the credit is equal to 50% of the amount of the contribution that is not more than $20,000 made to the organization. Provides that the credit may be carried forward for five years following the unused credit year. Provides (subject to certain conditions) that the total amount of tax credits awarded may not exceed $100,000 in each state fiscal year. Requires the department of state revenue (department) to post certain information about the credit on a website used by the department to provide information to the public. Allows the department to adopt rules to implement the credit.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Imagination library.. Description: Imagination library. Establishes the Indiana imagination library. Provides that the state library shall administer the Indiana imagination library. Provides that the state library, in consultation with the department of education and the family and social services administration, shall either establish a statewide nonprofit organization or enter into an agreement with a statewide nonprofit organization to carry out the responsibilities related to statewide partnerships and programs. Requires that the statewide nonprofit organization manage the daily operations of and promote the program. Establishes the Indiana imagination library fund, which is nonreverting. Requires the state library, in conjunction with the statewide nonprofit organization, to review the program and report to the governor and the interim study committee on education by November 1 of each year, beginning November 1, 2023. Sets forth the information that the report must include.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Overlapping allocation areas.. Description: Overlapping allocation areas. Permits counties and municipalities in a case in which a municipality annexes an area in the county after the county has established a redevelopment district in that area to approve ordinances regarding the allocation of property tax proceeds derived from the municipality's component of the tax rate applied to the allocation area to be transferred to the redevelopment commission of the annexing municipality.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Teacher hiring.. Description: Teacher hiring. Requires a school corporation, charter school, or nonpublic school to consider using a more comprehensive expanded criminal history background check for employment. Repeals current law concerning a school corporation or charter school's employment of, or contracting with, certain individuals, and establishes a new section that: (1) prohibits a school corporation, charter school, or state accredited nonpublic school from employing or contracting with specified individuals; (2) after June 30, 2023, allows a school corporation, charter school, or state accredited nonpublic school to employ or contract with certain other individuals with a majority vote of the school board, or the equivalent for a charter school, or with a notification of the appointing authority. Specifies that "misconduct" includes certain specified acts. Requires a school corporation, charter school, or state accredited nonpublic school that receives a reference request from another school to disclose specified incidents to the requesting school. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various criminal law matters.. Description: Various criminal law matters. Makes it organized retail theft, a Level 6 felony, for a person to exercise unauthorized control over the property of a retail merchant with the intent to directly or indirectly distribute the property for resale, and increases the penalty to a Level 5 felony if certain circumstances exist. Permits a person to petition for expungement of an arrest if no charges have been filed within one year of the arrest. (Under current law, the arrest is expunged without a petition after 180 days.) Requires a court, in granting a petition for expungement, to include in the order statutory language specifying that the person's civil rights are restored. Allows disclosure of expunged records to a school in connection with the employment of a person likely to have contact with a student. Specifies that an expunged record may not be destroyed or deleted. Repeals the requirement that certain acts taken by a prosecuting attorney are invalid without a seal. Makes conforming amendments and a technical correction.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Northeast Indiana strategic development commission.. Description: Northeast Indiana strategic development commission. Establishes the northeast Indiana strategic development fund (fund) administered by the northeast Indiana strategic development commission (commission). Prohibits money in the fund from being used for the purposes of expanding or increasing access to broadband. Adds additional purposes to be carried out by the commission in the development area. Expands the membership of the commission to include two additional voting members to be appointed by the mayors and commissioners caucus of the northeast Indiana regional development authority and specifies certain qualifications for the appointments.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Termination of parental rights.. Description: Termination of parental rights. Defines "safe haven infant". Provides that a licensed child placing agency may not take certain actions against an individual based upon the individual's immunization status. Allows the emergency medical services provider to notify either the department of child services (department) or a licensed child placing agency to take custody of a safe haven infant. Requires the department and a licensed child placing agency to contact certain agencies to determine if the safe haven infant has been reported missing. Provides that a safe haven infant is presumed eligible for Medicaid. Establishes procedures for termination of parent-child relationship involving a safe haven infant. Requires the department's attorney or a licensed child placing agency to file a petition to terminate the parent-child relationship not later than 15 days after taking custody of the safe haven infant. Requires a licensed child placing agency to place the safe haven infant with a preapproved adoptive parent. Provides that both parents' consent to termination of the parent-child relationship is irrevocably implied without further court action if, after at least 28 days, neither parent petitioned the court for custody. Requires that a putative parent notice be published and provides specific language for the notice. Requires an affidavit of publication of the putative parent notice to be filed with the court. Prohibits the court from inquiring about the reason for the parents' absence. Provides that a prospective adoptive family may only be charged certain costs by the licensed child placement agency.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Residential harassment.. Description: Residential harassment. Makes it residential harassment, a Class C misdemeanor, to picket or protest before or about a person's dwelling with the intent of harassing the person in the person's dwelling. Specifies that a person may only be taken into custody for the offense if the person refused an order to disperse.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Professional licensing.. Description: Professional licensing. Provides that a unit may not regulate behavioral health and human services that are: (1) licensed or certified; or (2) exempted from licensure or certification; by the behavioral health and human services licensing board.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Risk management and catastrophic liability funds.. Description: Risk management and catastrophic liability funds. Authorizes the insurance commissioner to cease operation of the political subdivision risk management fund upon a determination by the insurance commissioner that: (1) all political subdivisions that were members of the fund have withdrawn from the fund; and (2) all payment of the liabilities of former members of the fund have been determined and finalized. Authorizes the insurance commissioner to cease operation of the political subdivision catastrophic liability fund upon a determination by the insurance commissioner that: (1) all political subdivisions that were members of the fund have withdrawn from the fund; and (2) all payment of the liabilities of former members of the fund have been determined and finalized. Requires the insurance commissioner, when ceasing operation of one of the funds, to distribute the balance in the fund to former members of the fund, distributing to each former member an amount proportional to the total of assessments and (in the case of the political subdivision risk management fund) surcharges paid by the former member. Provides that the laws establishing the political subdivision risk management fund and the political subdivision catastrophic liability fund expire when the insurance commissioner certifies to the executive director of the legislative services agency that: (1) the funds have no remaining members; (2) all payments of liabilities of former members of the funds have been determined and finalized; and (3) the balances in the funds have been distributed to former members of the funds. Amends a provision of the law concerning tort claims against governmental entities to provide that giving notice of a tort claim against a political subdivision to the political subdivision risk management commission is not required if the law establishing the political subdivision risk management commission has expired.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Lawfully residing immigrants and eligibility.. Description: Lawfully residing immigrants and eligibility. Provides Medicaid eligibility for certain individuals who have immigrated and are lawfully residing in the United States and meet other Medicaid eligibility requirements. Specifies eligibility for the children's health insurance program (CHIP) for lawfully residing individuals who are less than 19 years of age. Provides that an agency or political subdivision is not required to verify citizenship or immigration status of an individual for purposes of the individual's eligibility for benefits under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act or the Child Nutrition Act of 1966, including the special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 21, 2023, as World Down Syndrome Day.. Description: Recognizing March 21, 2023, as World Down Syndrome Day. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing March 21, 2023, as World Down Syndrome Day.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Automated external defibrillator requirements.. Description: Automated external defibrillator requirements. Provides that school coaches, assistant coaches, marching band leaders, drama and musical leaders, and extracurricular activity leaders may ensure that an operational automated external defibrillator (AED) is present at each event in which students have an increased risk of sudden cardiac arrest (event) for which the individual is providing coaching or leadership. Provides that the AED may be: (1) deployed in accordance with the venue specific emergency action plan; (2) located on the premises where the event occurs; and (3) present for the duration of the event. Allows two or more events to share an AED if certain conditions are met. Provides that school coaches, assistant coaches, marching band leaders, drama and musical leaders, and extracurricular activity leaders, at each event, may inform all individuals who are overseeing or supervising the activity of the location of the AED. Provides that a school corporation, charter school, and state accredited nonpublic school may: (1) ensure that each required AED is properly maintained; (2) develop a venue specific emergency action plan for sudden cardiac arrest (plan); (3) post the plan in a conspicuous place at an event; and (4) share the plan with the school board, school coaches, assistant coaches, marching band leaders, drama and musical leaders, extracurricular activity leaders, and applicable students. Requires a plan to: (1) establish a goal of responding within three minutes; and (2) require the performance of periodic drills. Provides that a school corporation, a charter school, a state accredited nonpublic school, or an accredited nonpublic school may apply for a grant from the Indiana secured school fund to purchase an AED under certain circumstances. Requires the department of education to conduct a statewide survey of school corporations, charter schools, and state accredited nonpublic schools to determine: (1) the number of AEDs owned before July 1, 2023, by schools; and (2) school policies in effect before July 1, 2023, regarding AEDs.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Assistance for funeral and cemetery expenses.. Description: Assistance for funeral and cemetery expenses. Raises the dollar amounts considered when determining Medicaid payments for funeral director expenses and cemetery expenses. Requires the division to raise the dollar amounts considered when determining Medicaid payments for funeral director expenses and cemetery expenses by $100 each year for three years beginning on July 1, 2024.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Regional water, sewage, or solid waste districts.. Description: Regional water, sewage, or solid waste districts. Increases the maximum amount that may be paid to a member of the board of trustees of a regional water, sewage, or solid waste district from $50 to $150 per day. Removes a provision that allows for the payment of not more than $125 per day to members of the board of trustees of a regional water and sewage district that meets certain requirements.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Drug schedules.. Description: Drug schedules. Adds specified substances to the list of controlled substances. Defines "fentanyl containing substance" and increases the penalty for dealing a drug that is a fentanyl containing substance.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Requires each school corporation to publish on the school corporation's website the graduation rate for each high school in the school corporation. Amends the definition of "graduation" for purposes of the high school graduation rate determination. Provides that credit for an algebra course earned under certain conditions must count toward the credit requirements for an academic honors diploma. Allows a school corporation to adopt a policy concerning dress code or distractive behavior.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Purple star designation.. Description: Purple star designation. Requires the commission for higher education (CHE) and the Indiana department of veterans' affairs to develop and implement the higher education purple star designation for the following purposes: (1) To recognize postsecondary educational institutions that are supportive and inclusive of veterans and military connected families. (2) To provide veterans and military connected families with enhanced support for pursuing and finishing a degree or postsecondary credential. Provides that the application for a designation must be made available to interested postsecondary educational institutions on the website of the CHE before May 1, 2024.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Food and beverage taxes.. Description: Food and beverage taxes. Requires each local unit that imposes a food and beverage tax to annually report information concerning distributions and expenditures of amounts received from the food and beverage tax. Authorizes the city of Columbia City to impose a food and beverage tax.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commercial solar and wind energy ready communities.. Description: Commercial solar and wind energy ready communities. Provides that the commercial solar and wind energy ready communities development center (center) may be established within the Indiana office of energy development (office). Provides that the center, if established, shall: (1) provide comprehensive, easily accessible information concerning permits required for commercial solar projects and wind power projects; and (2) work with permit authorities concerning those projects. Requires the center to create and administer a program to certify counties and municipalities as commercial solar energy ready communities and wind energy ready communities. Requires the office to certify a county or municipality as a commercial solar energy ready community or a wind energy ready community if the county or municipality meets certain requirements, including the adoption of a commercial solar regulation or wind power regulation that includes standards that are not more restrictive than the default standards established by Indiana law. Provides that a commercial solar and wind energy ready communities incentive fund (fund) may be established by the office. Provides that if: (1) a county or municipality receives certification as a commercial solar energy ready community or a wind energy ready community; (2) a project owner constructs a commercial solar project or wind power project in the county or municipality; (3) the fund is established; and (4) there is a sufficient balance in the fund; the office may authorize the county or municipality to receive from the fund, for a period of 10 years, $1 per megawatt hour of electricity generated by the commercial solar project or wind power project.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Larry Van Ness.. Description: Recognizing Larry Van Ness. Recognizing Larry Van Ness.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Charter schools.. Description: Charter schools. Provides that, for a resolution to adopt a school operating referendum tax levy or school safety referendum tax levy adopted after May 10, 2023, a county auditor must distribute a portion of revenue received from the school operating referendum tax levy or school safety referendum tax levy to each charter school in which students who receive not more than 50% virtual instruction and who have legal settlement in certain school corporations attend. Provides that if a charter school receives a distribution from a school corporation from a school operating referendum tax levy or a school safety referendum tax levy, the charter school must post certain information on the charter school's website. Provides that a charter school that may receive money from a school operating referendum tax levy or a school safety referendum tax levy may not promote a position on a referendum, in the same manner as a school corporation is prohibited from promoting a position on a referendum. Provides that the maximum length of a charter is 15 years. (Current law provides that the maximum length of a charter is seven years.) Provides all charter schools access to loans through the Indiana bond bank. Provides that the state board of education (state board) may advance money to charter schools to be used for: (1) school building construction programs; and (2) educational technology programs. Amends the definition of "school building construction program" to: (1) include the purchase, lease, or financing of land, the construction and equipping of school buildings, and the remodeling, repairing, or improving of school buildings by a charter school; and (2) replace "adjusted assessed valuation" with "assessed valuation" with regard to school corporation eligibility for an advance from the common school fund. Provides that a charter school may not receive an advance from the common school fund for an educational technology program unless the charter school develops a three year technology plan. Provides that a school corporation may not (instead of is not entitled to) receive or use certain money or advances unless the school corporation develops a three year technology plan. Makes conforming changes regarding advances to charter schools from the common school fund. Establishes standards concerning when a school corporation may close an underutilized school building that had been used at any time for classroom instruction. Provides procedures regarding petitioning for a determination as to whether a school building meets criteria for closure or should be made available for sale or lease. Requires the department of education (department) to make a determination regarding a petition. Requires each school corporation to annually report to the department certain information regarding school buildings. Provides procedures for notifying charter schools or state educational institutions through the department of the availability of a covered school building. Provides for appeals of certain orders or decisions to the state board. Provides that the: (1) department; or (2) selected charter school or state educational institution; may request the attorney general to commence a legal action to enforce a final order for the sale or lease of a covered school building or file a civil action to enforce the final order for the sale or lease after certain time periods. Repeals certain provisions regarding investigating complaints and enforcement by the attorney general. Establishes the charter school facility grant program. Makes conforming amendments. Makes a technical correction.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: University housing for single mothers.. Description: University housing for single mothers. Provides that the commission for higher education may administer a program to support JobSource, Inc., for the management of the Heartland/Anderson Scholar House. Provides that the purposes of the program include: (1) the expansion of program participant services; (2) residential and other support facility improvements and a one time debt reduction of $250,000; (3) outreach to impoverished single mothers in minority communities; and (4) the provision of a scholarship gap fund for graduates staying in Indiana. Provides that administration costs incurred in the management of the Heartland/Anderson Scholar House may not exceed two percent 2% of the total program costs
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Health care matters.. Description: Health care matters. Requires the state employee health plan, policies of accident and sickness insurance, and health maintenance organization contracts to provide coverage for wearable cardioverter defibrillators. Specifies requirements for credentialing a provider for the Medicaid program, an accident and sickness insurance policy, and a health maintenance organization contract. Establishes a provisional credential until a decision is made on a provider's credentialing application and allows for retroactive reimbursement. Provides that a hospital's quality assessment and improvement program must include a process for determining and reporting the occurrence of serious reportable events. Provides that the medical staff of a hospital may make recommendations on the granting of clinical privileges and the appointment or reappointment of an applicant to the governing board for a period not to exceed 36 months. Requires a hospital with an emergency department to have at least one physician on site and on duty who is responsible for the emergency department. Requires the legislative services agency to conduct an analysis of licensing fees and provide a report to the budget committee. Allows the commissioner of the department of insurance (commissioner) to issue an order to discontinue a violation of a law (current law specifies orders or rules). Requires the commissioner to consider specified information before approving or disapproving a premium rate increase. Requires a domestic stock insurer to file specified information with the department of insurance. Prohibits the state employee health plan from requiring prior authorization for certain specified services. Changes prior authorization time requirements for urgent care situations. Adds an employee benefit plan that is subject to the federal Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and a state employee health plan to the definition of "health payer" for the purposes of the all payer claims data base (data base). Allows the department of insurance to adopt rules on certain matters concerning the data base. Requires a health plan to post certain information on the health plan's website. Prohibits an insurer and a health maintenance organization from altering a CPT code for a claim or paying for a CPT code of lesser monetary value unless: (1) the CPT code submitted is not in accordance with certain guidelines and rules, or the terms and conditions of a participating provider's agreement or contract with the insurer or health maintenance organization; or (2) the medical record of the claim has been reviewed by an employee or contractor of the insurer or health maintenance organization. Requires an insurer and a health maintenance organization to provide a contracted provider with a current reimbursement rate schedule at specified times. Urges the study by an interim committee of: (1) prior authorization exemptions for certain health care providers; and (2) whether Indiana should adopt an interstate mobility of occupational licensing. Requires a collaborating physician or physician designee to review certain patient encounters performed by a physician assistant within 14 business days. Requires a health plan to offer a health care provider the option to request a peer to peer review by a clinical peer concerning an adverse determination on a prior authorization request.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Reading standards and curriculum.. Description: Reading standards and curriculum. Defines "science of reading". Provides that a school corporation and charter school shall report certain information regarding reading and writing curriula, remedial programs, and administrative contact information on the school corporation's or charter school's website. Provides that the state board of education and the department of education (department): (1) must implement an academic standard for reading based on the science of reading; and (2) may not implement an academic standard for reading based on the three-cueing model. Provides that, beginning with the 2024-2025 school year, a superintendent, advisory committee, or governing body or the equivalent for a charter school: (1) must adopt curriculum that is based on the science of reading; and (2) may not adopt curriculum for reading that is based on the three-cueing model. Provides that, beginning July 1, 2024, the department shall review teacher preparation programs for alignment with guidelines requiring the use of curriculum or content that instructs teacher candidates on the science of reading. Provides that, after June 30, 2025, the department may not grant an initial practitioner license as an elementary school teacher to certain individuals unless the individuals successfully pass a foundation of reading examination.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Access to transcripts.. Description: Access to transcripts. Provides that a state educational institution or private postsecondary educational institution operated for profit (institution) in Indiana may not: (1) refuse to provide a transcript for a current or former student of the institution on the grounds that the student owes a debt to the institution; (2) charge a higher fee for obtaining a transcript or provide less favorable treatment of a request for a transcript of a current or former student who owes a debt to the institution; or (3) withhold from a current or former student's transcript any degrees earned on the grounds that the student owes a debt to the institution; if the student has paid certain amounts in the past year on the debt owed. Provides that a current or former student may bring a civil action against an institution for a violation of these provisions.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Natural resources matters.. Description: Natural resources matters. Authorizes the Little Calumet River basin development commission to make bank improvements and remove sediment and flood-causing debris in the area subject to its jurisdiction, subject only to the authority of the United States Army Corps of Engineers. Authorizes the division of water (division) of the department of natural resources (department), under certain circumstances, to file with the county recorder an affidavit stating that a violation or deficiency that is the subject of an enforcement action involving a structure classified by the department as a high hazard structure exists on a particular property in the county. Provides that the affidavit must: (1) include a sworn statement that a violation or deficiency exists on the property; (2) be recorded in the deed records of the county; (3) be designed and worded so as to provide notice to the public; and (4) include certain details about the property and current owner. Requires the department to file a release of the affidavit when the violation or deficiency is resolved. Requires the division to pay the fees for recording the affidavit and for recording a release of the affidavit. Amends the law on natural resources commission (commission) rules concerning lakes and reservoirs to eliminate provisions concerning the mediation of disputes. Amends the flood control law: (1) to require a person who applies for a permit to create or maintain a structure, obstruction, deposit, or excavation on a site in a floodway to provide documentation of the person's ownership of the site or an affidavit from the owner of the site authorizing the performance of the proposed work; and (2) to allow a person who applies for a permit to file an amendment to the permit application. Amends the floodplain management law: (1) to require the commission to meet at least once every five years with officials of counties and municipalities to promote cooperation among counties and municipalities, provide technical and data assistance, conduct training, and provide communications and outreach; (2) to provide that county and municipality officials may request to meet with the commission on a periodic basis; (3) to require a permit for the creation, use, or maintenance of a structure, obstruction, deposit, or excavation on any state owned or state managed property in a floodplain; (4) to provide that the lowest floor of any structure erected on state owned or state managed property in a floodplain must be least two feet above the 100 year frequency flood elevation; and (5) to require the commission to review and timely respond to any request from a county or municipality to revise the delineation of a flood hazard area. Provides that a person who applies for a permit authorizing the construction of a structure or other construction activity in or near a floodplain may elect whether: (1) mapping data provided by the department; or (2) an engineering study provided by the applicant; will be used by the local floodplain administrator when reviewing the person's permit application, and prohibits a local floodplain administrator from issuing a permit if the issuance of the permit would affect the county's or municipality's eligibility to participate in the National Flood Insurance Program. Amends the timber buyers law to provide that information in a timber buyer's records about the timber buyer's transactions with a particular timber grower may be disclosed to that timber grower. Provides that if a local governmental agency in county located along the Lake Michigan shore does not approve or deny a completed application for a nonemergency seawall or revetment permit within 30 business days after it is submitted, the permit is automatically approved and considered issued to the applicant. Requires the department to coordinate with local governmental agencies for purposes of the seawall or revetment permit process. Makes conforming changes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Onsite waste management districts and septage holding tanks.. Description: Onsite waste management districts and septage holding tanks. Amends the definition of "onsite residential sewage discharging disposal system" to provide that the term includes a system that employs advanced treatment components to reduce the concentration of the pathogenic constituents of the effluent to an acceptable level before the effluent is discharged. Amends the law that prohibits the point source (i.e., above ground) discharge of treated sewage from a dwelling, which includes an exception to the prohibition for one particular county that has a onsite waste management district, to make the exception applicable to any onsite waste management district. Authorizes the adoption of rules or guidelines to provide guidance to a local health department that has jurisdiction in a county onsite waste management district and that is authorized to issue operating permits for onsite residential sewage discharging disposal systems that discharge effluent above ground. Provides that, if amending the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) general permit issued by the department of environmental management (department) for the purposes of the county onsite waste management district law is necessary or advisable to enable new county onsite waste management districts to function properly and effectively, the department shall amend the general permit as soon as reasonably possible after June 30, 2023. Provides that septage that originates from a residential or commercial source may be held in one or more holding tanks of not more than 10,000 gallons until removed and transported from the site. Establishes requirements for septage holding tanks. Requires a permit from the local health department for the operation of a septage holding tank. Requires a septage tank owner to: (1) enter into a written contract with a septage management vehicle operator for regular removal of septage from the tank; (2) provide a copy of the contract to the local health department; and (3) provide proof to the local health department that the tank owner is regularly paying for the removal of septage from the holding tank. Requires a local health department to report to the department concerning the septage tanks in its jurisdiction, and authorizes the adoption of rules or guidelines concerning the reports.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Juveniles.. Description: Juveniles. Provides that a statement made by a juvenile during custodial interrogation in response to a materially false statement from a law enforcement officer is inadmissible against the juvenile unless certain exceptions apply. Requires, unless certain circumstances exist, that a law enforcement officer who arrests or takes into custody a child on school property or at a school-sponsored activity must notify or request a school administrator to notify the child's: (1) parent or guardian; or (2) emergency contact.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various tax matters.. Description: Various tax matters. Makes certain changes to the nonprofit organization sales tax exemption threshold after which nonprofit organizations are required to collect state sales tax. Authorizes a county to impose a local income tax (LIT) rate for county staff expenses of the state judicial system in the county. Provides that the expenses paid from the LIT revenue may not comprise more than 50% of the county's total budgeted operational staffing expenses related to the state judicial system in any given year. Requires certain reporting requirements related to the use of the LIT revenue. Specifies a three business day grace period following the postmark date of a document during which the department of state revenue will consider the document received to be timely filed for purposes of a due date. Makes certain changes to the nonprofit organization sales tax exemption threshold after which nonprofit organizations are required to collect state sales tax.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: State tax matters.. Description: State tax matters. Changes the definition of "Internal Revenue Code" in the adjusted gross income tax law to mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended and in effect on January 1, 2023. Makes certain changes regarding net operating losses for purposes of determinating state adjusted gross income. Provides that certain amounts for providing or expanding access to broadband service in Indiana may be subtracted from a taxpayer's state corporate adjusted gross income. Provides for successor liability for certain unpaid taxes following a business asset sale. Repeals an outdated provision requiring separate exemption certificates for manufacturers and wholesalers. Makes a clarifying change to the sales tax exemption that applies to power subsidiaries. Clarifies the acquisition date for purposes of adding back interest from tax exempt bonds issued by another state in determining Indiana adjusted gross income. Amends provisions regarding the exemption for certain income derived from patents. Provides that tax paid by an electing partnership is deposited in the state general fund. Makes clarifying changes and technical corrections to the affordable and workforce housing tax credit. Specifies the deposit and distribution of interest with respect to certain taxes. Authorizes the department of state revenue to publish or disclose the status of a governmental or nonprofit entity's sales tax exemption certificate. Provides that a person who knowingly or intentionally sells, purchases, installs, transfers, or possesses: (1) an automated sales suppression device or a zapper; or (2) phantom-ware; commits a class A misdemeanor, and increases the penalty if certain circumstances exist. Makes clarifying and technical corrections to provisions under the electronic cigarette tax. Makes certain changes to a provision contained in P.L.1-2023. Provides that an individual who is an Indiana resident and a member of a health care sharing ministry is entitled to an adjusted gross income tax deduction. Requires a taxpayer to: (1) deduct from the taxpayer's adjusted gross income for a taxable year the amount of specified research or experimental expenditures paid or incurred by the taxpayer during the taxable year; and (2) add to the taxpayer's adjusted gross income an amount equal to the deduction claimed under Section 174 of the Internal Revenue Code for the taxable year. Provides that certain transactions involving a person's acquisition of agricultural machinery, tools, or equipment are exempt from the application of the state gross retail tax. Provides that if an organization provides nonprofit agricultural organization insurance coverage, the organization is subject to a nonprofit agricultural organization health coverage tax unless the organization: (1) files a notice of election with the insurance commissioner and the commissioner of the department of state revenue on or before November 30 of a taxable year; and (2) states in the notice of election that the organization elects to be subject to state income tax for the taxable year. Provides that compensation received by an individual who: (1) is not a resident of Indiana; and (2) receives compensation for employment duties performed in Indiana for 30 days or less during the calendar year; is exempt from the adjusted gross income tax. Provides a sales tax exemption for certain components of a solar or wind energy system.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Animal impoundment.. Description: Animal impoundment. Defines "impound agency" for purposes of the law concerning offenses related to animals. Specifies requirements for an impound agency and care of an impounded animal. Requires the impound agency to make a reasonable attempt to notify the owner 10 business days after the animal is euthanized. Provides that the notice to an owner must set forth the reason or reasons why the animal was euthanized. Provides certain civil immunity for a veterinarian acting within the scope of the veterinarian's duties.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Lake Michigan rescue equipment.. Description: Lake Michigan rescue equipment. Requires the owner of a pier or public access site on Lake Michigan to install public rescue equipment, including at least one ring life buoy, on the pier or public access site. Establishes requirements concerning ring life buoys installed on piers and public access sites. Provides that the end of the buoy line must not be secured to the shore. Requires a unit of local government that owns one or more piers or public access sites on Lake Michigan, at least twice per year, to publish on the unit's website a report on lakefront drownings that occur within 50 feet of the unit's piers or public access sites. Provides that if more than one fatal drowning occurs not more than 50 feet from a particular pier or public access site in a span of five years, the owner of the pier or public access site: (1) disseminate in the area of the pier or public access site a water safety plan pertaining to the pier or public access site; and (2) upgrade the public rescue equipment installed on the pier or public access site, such as by installing equipment that automatically contacts the local 911 service in an emergency.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Food and beverage taxes.. Description: Food and beverage taxes. Authorizes the following municipalities to impose a food and beverage tax: (1) The town of Merrillville. (2) The city of Jasper.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating Indiana Senior Day at the Indiana Statehouse on March 9, 2023.. Description: Celebrating Indiana Senior Day at the Indiana Statehouse on March 9, 2023. Celebrating Indiana Senior Day at the Indiana Statehouse on March 9, 2023.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Economic development in Lake County.. Description: Economic development in Lake County. Establishes the blighted property demolition fund (demolition fund). Provides that money in the demolition fund is to be used for costs associated with demolishing a qualified property located in the territory of a current or future transit development district or in the area surrounding the Gary Metro Center. Allows the Lake County fiscal body to adopt an increase in the county innkeeper's tax. Establishes the Lake County economic development and convention fund (convention fund). Provides that money in the convention fund may be used for purposes related to a convention center in Lake County. Establishes a local county fund known as the Lake County convention and event center reserve fund (reserve fund). Provides that the revenue received from an increase in the innkeeper's tax is deposited in the reserve fund. Provides that, beginning July 1, 2023, proposals may be submitted for construction and operation of a Lake County convention and event center to the Lake County board of commissioners. Provides minimum requirements for a proposal. Provides that if a proposal is approved, the Lake County convention center authority is established to provide general oversight. Establishes the Gary Metro Center station revitalization fund (metro center station fund). Establishes the Gary Metro Center station revitalization project board to provide oversight of the ongoing maintenance and operation of the Gary Metro Center station. Beginning after June 30, 2025, requires the department of state revenue to deposit certain amounts in each state fiscal year of the riverboat wagering tax revenue collected from a riverboat operating within the city of Gary in the demolition fund, the convention fund, and the metro center station fund.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Home health services.. Description: Home health services. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to: (1) perform a comprehensive review of existing home health services for children with complex medical needs; (2) assess the home health services and policies for a person-centered approach; and (3) engage stakeholders in the assessment to solicit feedback on issues securing and maintaining home health services.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Indiana State Senate employees.. Description: Recognizing the Indiana State Senate employees. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the exceptional work and dedication of the Indiana State Senate employees.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Requires the department of education to, not later than November 1, 2023, do the following: (1) Create a list of personal liability insurers that offer personal liability insurance policies for teachers. (2) Post the list on the department's website. Provides that the academic standards committee appointed by the secretary of education must include employers (in addition to other members under current law). Provides that a school psychologist may provide services on a private basis to an individual if the school psychologist receives a referral from the individual's parent and the individual is an unemancipated minor.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Electronic monitoring standards.. Description: Electronic monitoring standards. Permits the justice reinvestment advisory council to develop electronic monitoring standards and to submit an annual report as to the standards. Permits the justice reinvestment advisory council to conduct a workload study of electronic monitoring and home detention, make certain findings, and submit a report to the legislative council not later than July 1, 2025.  Provides that a contract employee of a supervising agency is required to notify the supervising agency of certain actions with respect to a tracked individual not later than 12 hours after the action occurs. Requires this notification to be sent within 15 minutes if the tracked individual is serving a sentence for a crime of violence or a crime of domestic or sexual violence, and additionally requires the supervising agency to notify a vulnerable victim and request law enforcement to perform a welfare check, if there is a vulnerable victim. Specifies that a supervising agency must include in a quarterly report the number of tracked individuals who are on parole supervision and the number of false location alerts, device malfunctions, or both. Provides that a local supervising agency shall report directly to the local justice reinvestment advisory council each quarter, and that the division of parole services shall report to the statewide justice reinvestment advisory council each quarter. Requires the statewide justice reinvestment advisory council to transmit an annual electronic report to the legislative council and to the judicial conference of Indiana not later than March 15 of each year.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Charity gaming matters.. Description: Charity gaming matters. Defines the term "professional sports team foundation" for purposes of the charity gaming law. Specifies that a professional sports team foundation is a qualified organization. Specifies that qualified organizations may conduct unlicensed allowable events at facilities leased or owned by the capital improvement board of managers of Marion County (CIB). (Current law allows qualified organizations to conduct charity gaming events without a license if the value of all prizes awarded is less than $2,500 for a single event and $7,500 for all unlicensed events conducted during a calendar year.) Authorizes payment by credit card for a chance to enter: (1) a raffle or water race at an allowable event conducted by a qualified organization; and (2) an allowable event conducted at a facility leased or owned by the CIB.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Regulation of combined sewer overflows.. Description: Regulation of combined sewer overflows. Provides that if an NPDES permit holder has submitted an approved long term control plan for its combined sewers, water samples used to assess the permit holder's compliance with water quality standards and water quality based effluent limitations for discharges from combined sewer overflows must not be collected: (1) within 96 hours after a combined sewer overflow discharge that is consistent with the approved long term control plan; or (2) during or following excessive precipitation conditions. Requires the environmental rules board to adopt rules, including emergency rules, to implement the limitation on water samples used to assess a permit holder's compliance.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Carbon sequestration pilot project.. Description: Carbon sequestration pilot project. Defines the term "pore space". Corrects a spelling error in the address of the carbon sequestration pilot project (pilot project). Provides that the pilot project will construct, operate, or use not more than two (2) carbon dioxide pipelines and will maintain operations only in Vigo and Vermillion counties. Requires the director of the department of natural resources to designate the operator of the carbon sequestration pilot project not more than 30 days after the Class VI well permit authorizing the operation of carbon dioxide injection wells at the site of the pilot project is issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Provides that, for purposes of the pilot project, the title to pore space is vested in the person who holds in fee simple the surface interest in the land or water, as identified by the property records of the county, except in case of an explicit conveyance, exception, or reservation through a recorded conveyance to another person. Requires the pilot project operator, before the anticipated migration of injected carbon dioxide into pore space to notify the person who owns the pore space in fee simple of the anticipated migration of the carbon dioxide. Requires the carbon sequestration pilot project operator to make an offer of compensation to a pore space owner to provide that the offer of compensation must be at least a yearly payment of 40% of the average estimated cash rent per acre for the area of Indiana and the class of land, according to the Farmland Values and Cash Rents Survey Results published by Purdue University most recently before the offer of compensation is made, every year until the cessation of injection of carbon dioxide. Provides that a person who claims ownership of pore space may initiate non-binding mediation of the dispute with the pilot project operator concerning the pore space. Establishes a procedure for mediation and allows the pilot project operator to consolidate multiple requests for mediation into one or more mediation proceedings. Provides that if a person who claims ownership of pore space is unable to reach an agreement with the pilot project operator concerning the acquisition, lease, or occupancy of the pore space through negotiation or mediation, the person may pursue a civil action against the pilot project operator. Provides that, generally, in a civil action against the pilot project operator, the court may not grant injunctive relief, an order of possession, or monetary relief that exceeds the fair market value of pore space in Indiana. Provides, however, that these limits on monetary recovery do not apply in case of direct and tangible physical injury or damage to a person, tangible property, or an animal or in case of an effect of the pilot project on the sources of the public water supply used by a public utility. Provides that the code section authorizing the establishment of the carbon sequestration pilot project expires July 1, 2028, if the operator of the carbon sequestration pilot project is not issued a Class VI permit by the United States Environmental Protection Agency by that date.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Consumer credit and financial institutions.. Description: Consumer credit and financial institutions. Provides that a reference to federal law in: (1) the first lien mortgage lending act (act); (2) the Uniform Consumer Credit Code (UCCC); or (3) the Indiana Code title governing financial institutions; is a reference to the law as in effect December 31, 2022 (rather than December 31, 2021, under current law). Amends as follows a provision in the act that authorizes a federal savings bank to voluntarily register with the department of financial institutions (department) for the purpose of sponsoring licensed mortgage loan originators under certain circumstances: (1) Authorizes any person (rather than just a federal savings bank) that meets the requirements set forth in the provision to sponsor one or more licensed mortgage loan originators. (2) Eliminates a requirement that a sponsored individual must sell, solicit, or negotiate insurance under an exclusive written agreement for a licensed insurance company that is a subsidiary of a company that also owns or controls the federal savings bank. (3) Provides that a sponsored individual must be engaged solely as a third party loan processor or underwriter. Specifies certain requirements that a person must comply with in order to sponsor an individual under these provisions. Makes conforming amendments to: (1) the act; and (2) related provisions in the UCCC concerning subordinate lien mortgage transactions. Requires a state chartered credit union (credit union) to maintain capital consistent with the safety and soundness necessary to support the risk in the credit union's activities. Provides that the National Credit Union Administration's: (1) prompt corrective action; and (2) risk based net worth; regulations apply to all credit unions. Requires a credit union that is classified as adequately capitalized or lower to increase the dollar amount of its net worth on a quarterly basis by an amount equal to at least 0.1% of the credit union's total assets until the credit union is classified as well capitalized. Sets forth different: (1) mandatory supervisory requirements or restrictions; and (2) discretionary supervisory requirements or restrictions (to be imposed by the director of the department); with respect to a credit union, depending on the credit union's classification as undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized. Directs the department to use specified statutory authority to adopt emergency rules not later than June 30, 2024, to amend the department's rule concerning mortgage lenders and originators in order to: (1) conform the rule to the bill's provisions concerning the sponsorship of licensed mortgage loan originators to engage solely as a third party loan processor or underwriter; and (2) establish a rule to allow certain persons to sponsor one or more mortgage loan originators, who are not employees of the sponsoring person, to perform mortgage loan originator activities exclusively for the sponsoring person under certain prescribed conditions.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the 25th Anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement and St. Patrick's Day.. Description: Celebrating the 25th Anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement and St. Patrick's Day. Celebrating the 25th Anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement and St. Patrick's Day.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Money transmitters.. Description: Money transmitters. Effective January 1, 2024, repeals the Indiana Code chapter governing the licensing and regulation of money transmitters by the department of financial institutions (department). Adds to the Indiana Code a new chapter codifying the Money Transmission Modernization Act (Act), to take effect January 1, 2024, and to be administered by the division of consumer credit within the department. Sets forth provisions contained in the Act that address the following: (1) Purposes of the Act. (2) Definitions of terms. (3) Exemptions from the Act's requirements. (4) The supervisory authority of the department under the Act. (5) The licensing of money transmitters. (6) The acquisition of control of a licensee. (7) Reporting and records requirements. (8) Authorized delegates of licensees. (9) Refunds of, and receipts for, money received for transmission. (10) Prudential standards for licensees. (11) The enforcement authority of the department. (12) The application of the Act to licensees that have been issued a license under the current statute. (13) Criminal penalties. Makes conforming references to provisions in the Indiana Code that cite the current money transmission statute.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Indiana historical murals.. Description: Indiana historical murals. Requires the governor to administer a program under which historical murals depicting milestones in Indiana's history as a territory and a state will be created and permanently displayed in prominent places around the state capitol campus in celebration of the 2026 semiquincentennial of the United States. Provides that the governor shall consult with specified individuals concerning the selection of historical murals for placement around the state capitol campus, at least one of whom must be an individual from a minority group. Empowers the governor, in collaboration with the department of administration, to decide the number and size of the historical murals, the locations where the historical murals will be displayed, the milestones of Indiana history to be depicted, and the design and terms of the competitive process through which artists will be chosen to create the historical murals. Specifies that the department of administration shall do the following: (1) Determine the manner by which a mural is displayed. (2) Provide for the mural's maintenance and upkeep. (3) Ensure that each label or plaque that will be fixed on or near each historical mural is accessible to an individual who has a vision impairment or a hearing impairment.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Jurisdiction.. Description: Jurisdiction. Provides that an adult criminal court has jurisdiction over a person at least 21 years of age who committed an offense as a child (an adult child offender), if the offense could have been waived to adult court, and provides that the juvenile court has jurisdiction over an adult child offender if the offense could not have been waived. Specifies that an adult child offender may be required to register as a sex offender in the same manner as a delinquent child, and permits a court to remove the obligation for an adult child offender and a delinquent child to register after the completion of sex offender treatment. Specifies when a child commits a delinquent act. Allows a court, in sentencing an adult child offender, to consider as a mitigating factor that the person was a child at the time the person committed the offense. Provides an additional opportunity for an adult child offender to obtain sentence modification. Permits a court to suspend a sentence imposed on an adult child offender, except for murder.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Uniform Commercial Code amendments.. Description: Uniform Commercial Code amendments. Incorporates into Indiana's Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) the Amendments to the Uniform Commercial Code (2022) approved and recommended for enactment in all states by the Uniform Law Commission (ULC) to address emerging technologies. Makes conforming amendments to general provisions and definitions that apply throughout the UCC. Makes conforming amendments to chapters of the UCC governing the following: (1) Sales. (2) Leases. (3) Negotiable instruments. (4) Fund transfers. (5) Letters of credit. (6) Documents of title. (7) Investment securities. (8) Secured transactions. Repeals the chapter in the UCC governing controllable electronic records. Amends the definition of "money" for purposes of Indiana's Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) to specify that money: (1) is a medium of exchange that is not in an electronic form; and (2) does not include a central bank digital currency that is currently adopted, or that may be adopted, by the United States government, a foreign government, a foreign reserve, or a foreign sanctioned central bank. Establishes a new chapter in the UCC that: (1) governs controllable electronic records; and (2) incorporates the provisions of the ULC's amendments governing controllable electronic records. Provides that a "controllable electronic record" does not include an electronic record that is currently authorized or adopted by a domestic or foreign government and is not a medium of exchange that was recorded and transferable in a system that existed and operated for the medium of exchange before the medium of exchange was authorized or adopted by a government. Establishes a new chapter in the UCC that: (1) addresses the validity, enforceability, and perfection of certain commercial transactions, including secured transactions, entered into before the effective date of the amendments on July 1, 2023; and (2) establishes July 1, 2025, as an "adjustment date" on or after which certain transactions must conform to the requirements of the amendments to remain valid, enforceable, or perfected. Adds language to incorporate into Indiana's UCC the Amendments to Uniform Commercial Code Article 9 (2018), as approved by the American Law Institute and the National Conference of Commissioners of Uniform State Laws. Provides, through the incorporation of these amendments, that the provisions in the UCC providing that restrictions on the transfer of property pledged as collateral are ineffective do not apply in the case of a security interest in an ownership interest in a general partnership, limited partnership, or limited liability company.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Advanced recycling.. Description: Advanced recycling. Defines "advanced recycling" as a manufacturing process for the conversion of post-use polymers and recovered feedstocks into basic raw materials, feedstocks, chemicals,  and other products. Defines "advanced recycling facility" as a manufacturing facility that: (1) receives, stores, and converts post-use polymers and recovered feedstocks resulting from advanced recycling; and (2) is subject to manufacturing regulation by the department of environmental management. Provides: (1)  that post-use polymers and recovered feedstocks that are converted at an advanced recycling facility or held at an advanced recycling facility before conversion are not within the definition of "solid waste"; (2) that an advanced recycling facility is not within the definition of "solid waste disposal facility"; (3) that the activities undertaken at an advanced recycling facility are not within the definition of "solid waste management"; and (4) that an advanced recycling facility is not within the definition of "solid waste disposal facility" or the definition of "solid waste processing facility". Provides that certain solid waste management laws do not apply to advanced recycling facilities. Provides, for purposes of Indiana environmental law, that products sold as fuel are not considered recycled products.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Limits on discharges into the Ohio River.. Description: Limits on discharges into the Ohio River. Provides that if a community water system that discharges wastewater into the Ohio River demonstrates to the satisfaction of the department of environmental management that the discharged wastewater does not increase the mass of mercury in the Ohio River by an amount greater than the mass of mercury in the water withdrawn from the Ohio River by the community water system: (1) the community water system's discharge into the Ohio River shall not be considered to cause, have a reasonable potential to cause, or contribute to an excursion above any applicable water quality standard governing mercury in the Ohio River; and (2) no water quality-based effluent limitations for mercury shall be required in a new or renewal NPDES permit issued to the community water system.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Home health agencies.. Description: Home health agencies. Allows a home health agency to: (1) provide services in any county in Indiana; and (2) satisfy supervising home health aide services requirements by complying with federal law. Allows: (1) the Indiana department of health (state department) to adopt rules concerning the oversight and supervision of the services a home health agency provides in noncontiguous counties; and (2) the state health commissioner to waive rules adopted concerning home health agencies if certain conditions are met. Provides that a home health agency is not required to conduct a preemployment physical on a job applicant before the individual has contact with a home health agency patient. Allows a registered home health aide to administer gastrointestinal and jejunostomy tube feedings to a specific patient if specified conditions are met. Requires the state department to approve at least one training curriculum concerning the administration of tube feedings. Repeals laws concerning drug testing of home health agency employees.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Threats to critical infrastructure.. Description: Threats to critical infrastructure. Amends the statute prohibiting the use of public funds to purchase equipment or services produced or provided by certain prohibited persons determined to be a national security threat to communications networks or supply chains to also prohibit the use of public funds to purchase communications equipment or service that is: (1) determined under specified federal regulations to pose an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States or the security and safety of United States persons; and (2) included on the covered list published, maintained, and updated by the federal Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau on the website of the Federal Communications Commission. Provides that the governor may, at any time, and in consultation with the executive director of the department of homeland security, designate a country as a threat to certain critical infrastructure located in Indiana. Provides that after June 30, 2023, a specified qualified entity may not enter into an agreement relating to critical infrastructure with a company if: (1) under the agreement, the company would be able to directly or remotely access or control of a critical infrastructure or a cybersecurity system of a critical infrastructure; and (2) the company is: (A) owned or controlled by citizens of (or a company or entity owned or controlled by citizens or the government of) China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, or a country designated as a threat to critical infrastructure by the governor; or (B) headquartered in China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, or a country designated as a threat to critical infrastructure by the governor. Provides that after June 30, 2023, a prohibited person may not purchase, lease, or acquire a parcel of real property that is directly adjacent to a military installation. Provides that the attorney general may investigate the purchase, lease, or acquisition of real property upon receipt of a complaint. Provides that the attorney general shall enforce a violation by commencing a receivership proceeding and selling the property through the receivership.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Gender transition procedures for minors.. Description: Gender transition procedures for minors. Prohibits a physician or other practitioner from: (1) knowingly providing gender transition procedures to an individual who is less than 18 years of age (minor); and (2) aiding or abetting another physician or practitioner in the provision of gender transition procedures to a minor. Specifies certain medical exceptions. Establishes civil enforcement actions.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Repeals teacher training requirements regarding: (1) criminal gang organizations awareness; (2) certain information concerning homeless students; and (3) recognizing the signs and symptoms of seizures and the appropriate steps to be taken to respond to the symptoms; and requires that information concerning these subjects be included within the curriculum of teacher preparation programs. Provides that the department of education (department) may establish or license for use an online platform to provide information and training concerning these and other subjects. Removes certain requirements regarding annual performance evaluation plans for certificated employees, including: (1) certain content requirements; and (2) certain requirements that a plan be discussed. Amends requirements to be considered a probationary teacher and professional teacher. Provides that, after a school corporation has assigned an evaluator to perform a certificated employee's evaluation, the certificated employee may request the school corporation to assign another evaluator. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the task of studying current school assessments in an effort to reduce and streamline assessments for Indiana students. Removes a provision that requires a school employer to discuss certain items with the exclusive representative of certificated employees and provides that a school employer may discuss: (1) with a certificated employee or group of certificated employees; or (2) at one or more meetings that are open to all certificated employees; any topic that significantly impacts a certificated employee's working conditions or impacts the educational quality of the school employer's students. Repeals provisions concerning: (1) requirements regarding the adoption of model evaluation plans and an approval process for the plans; (2) the obligation to discuss certain items not requiring either party to enter into a contract, agree to a proposal, or make a concession; and (3) the definition of "discuss" for purposes of the collective bargaining provisions.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing landscape architects.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing landscape architects.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day.. Description: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the efforts of Humane Fort Wayne and Humane Indiana in Munster to help rescue beagles from animal testing.. Description: Recognizing the efforts of Humane Fort Wayne and Humane Indiana in Munster to help rescue beagles from animal testing. Recognizing the efforts of Humane Fort Wayne and Humane Indiana in Munster to help rescue beagles from animal testing.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Sagamore Council's 50 years of service to the youth of North Central Indiana.. Description: Recognizing the Sagamore Council's 50 years of service to the youth of North Central Indiana. Recognizing the Sagamore Council's 50 years of service to the youth of North Central Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Jim "JED" Dedelow.. Description: Honoring Jim "JED" Dedelow. Honoring Jim "JED" Dedelow.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Victor Garcia.. Description: Honoring Victor Garcia. Honoring Victor Garcia.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating February as Black History Month.. Description: Celebrating February as Black History Month. Celebrating February as Black History Month.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Michael W. Griffin for his 30 years of public service to the town of Highland, Indiana.. Description: Honoring Michael W. Griffin for his 30 years of public service to the town of Highland, Indiana. Honoring Michael W. Griffin for his 30 years of public service to the town of Highland, Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 12th Annual Bill Johnson Black Film Festival.. Description: Recognizing the 12th Annual Bill Johnson Black Film Festival. Recognizing the 12th Annual Bill Johnson Black Film Festival.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the 125th Anniversary of the Mutual Insurance Companies Association.. Description: Celebrating the 125th Anniversary of the Mutual Insurance Companies Association. Celebrating the 125th Anniversary of the Mutual Insurance Companies Association.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Elkhart Cowboys Youth Flag Football Team.. Description: Recognizing the Elkhart Cowboys Youth Flag Football Team. Recognizing the Elkhart Cowboys Youth Flag Football Team.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the recipients of the Golden Apple Award winners.. Description: Recognizing the recipients of the Golden Apple Award winners. Recognizing the recipients of the Golden Apple Award winners.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Designating Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Awareness Day and efforts to educate people about hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.. Description: Designating Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Awareness Day and efforts to educate people about hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Designating Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Awareness Day and efforts to educate people about hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the grand reopening of the Wabash Center.. Description: Celebrating the grand reopening of the Wabash Center. Celebrating the grand reopening of the Wabash Center.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commemorating the second anniversary of the Indianapolis FedEx shooting on April 15, 2021, in which eight victims were killed.. Description: Commemorating the second anniversary of the Indianapolis FedEx shooting on April 15, 2021, in which eight victims were killed. Commemorating the second anniversary of the Indianapolis FedEx shooting on April 15, 2021, in which eight victims were killed.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Walnut Street Fire Company #4 on their 150th anniversary.. Description: Honoring the Walnut Street Fire Company #4 on their 150th anniversary. Honoring the Walnut Street Fire Company #4 on their 150th anniversary.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Memorializing Representative Sally J. Siegrist.. Description: Memorializing Representative Sally J. Siegrist. Memorializing Representative Sally J. Siegrist.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Omega Phi Psi.. Description: Recognizing Omega Phi Psi. Recognizing Omega Phi Psi.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 25th Anniversary of the Center for Education and Research in Information Assurance and Security.. Description: Recognizing the 25th Anniversary of the Center for Education and Research in Information Assurance and Security. Recognizing the 25th Anniversary of the Center for Education and Research in Information Assurance and Security.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating and remembering Dorothy Grunemeyer.. Description: Celebrating and remembering Dorothy Grunemeyer. Celebrating and remembering Dorothy Grunemeyer.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Reverend Jeffrey A. Johnson.. Description: Honoring Reverend Jeffrey A. Johnson. Honoring Reverend Jeffrey A. Johnson.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Reverend Jeffrey A. Johnson II.. Description: Honoring Reverend Jeffrey A. Johnson II. Honoring Reverend Jeffrey A. Johnson II.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Center Grove Trojans Football program.. Description: Congratulating the Center Grove Trojans Football program. Congratulating the Center Grove Trojans Football program.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring those who have served as legislative interns for the House of Representatives during the First Regular Session of the 123rd Indiana General Assembly.. Description: Honoring those who have served as legislative interns for the House of Representatives during the First Regular Session of the 123rd Indiana General Assembly. Honoring those who have served as legislative interns for the House of Representatives during the First Regular Session of the 123rd Indiana General Assembly.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Charlie LaRocca on becoming the Wrestling State Champion in the 113 lbs. category.. Description: Congratulating Charlie LaRocca on becoming the Wrestling State Champion in the 113 lbs. category. Congratulating Charlie LaRocca on becoming the Wrestling State Champion in the 113 lbs. category.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Mia Prusiecki on her Diving State Championship victory.. Description: Congratulating Mia Prusiecki on her Diving State Championship victory. Congratulating Mia Prusiecki on her Diving State Championship victory.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Charlie Shaw on his life of hard work and passion.. Description: Honoring Charlie Shaw on his life of hard work and passion. Honoring Charlie Shaw on his life of hard work and passion.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the New Haven Food Bank.. Description: Honoring the New Haven Food Bank. Honoring the New Haven Food Bank.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Robert Wright on his 100th birthday, and recognizing his service to both his local community and his country.. Description: Congratulating Robert Wright on his 100th birthday, and recognizing his service to both his local community and his country. Congratulating Robert Wright on his 100th birthday, and recognizing his service to both his local community and his country.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring David Collins.. Description: Honoring David Collins. Honoring David Collins.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Reaffirming the commitment of sister ties between Indiana and Taiwan.. Description: Reaffirming the commitment of sister ties between Indiana and Taiwan. Reaffirming the commitment of sister ties between Indiana and Taiwan.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Indiana Rural Teacher of the Year Leigh Anne Eck.. Description: Honoring Indiana Rural Teacher of the Year Leigh Anne Eck. Honoring Indiana Rural Teacher of the Year Leigh Anne Eck.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Roche Senior Vice President of Strategy and Transformation and Chief of Staff Rodney Cotton on his retirement after 22 years of service.. Description: Congratulating Roche Senior Vice President of Strategy and Transformation and Chief of Staff Rodney Cotton on his retirement after 22 years of service. Congratulating Roche Senior Vice President of Strategy and Transformation and Chief of Staff Rodney Cotton on his retirement after 22 years of service.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the 100th anniversary of Methodist Hospital.. Description: Honoring the 100th anniversary of Methodist Hospital. Honoring the 100th anniversary of Methodist Hospital.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the North Harrison Elementary School archeryteam, and the individual state champions from the North Harrison Archery Club.. Description: Congratulating the North Harrison Elementary School archeryteam, and the individual state champions from the North Harrison Archery Club. Congratulating the North Harrison Elementary School archery team, and the individual state champions from the North Harrison Archery Club.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Judy King.. Description: Honoring Judy King. Honoring Judy King.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the NorthWood High School boys' basketball team on their championship victory.. Description: Congratulating the NorthWood High School boys' basketball team on their championship victory. Congratulating the NorthWood High School boys' basketball team on their championship victory.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Rita Fiorentino and The Gathering Together organization.. Description: Recognizing Rita Fiorentino and The Gathering Together organization. Recognizing Rita Fiorentino and The Gathering Together organization.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Frankfort police officers for their heroic actions.. Description: Recognizing Frankfort police officers for their heroic actions. Recognizing Frankfort police officers for their heroic actions.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Richmond Fire Department and all supporting departments who helped contain and extinguish the facility fire in Richmond, Indiana.. Description: Recognizing the Richmond Fire Department and all supporting departments who helped contain and extinguish the facility fire in Richmond, Indiana. Recognizing the Richmond Fire Department and all supporting departments who helped contain and extinguish the facility fire in Richmond, Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Officer Dustin Moody.. Description: Recognizing Officer Dustin Moody. Recognizing Officer Dustin Moody.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Vice Admiral Sean Buck on his retirement from the United States Navy.. Description: Congratulating Vice Admiral Sean Buck on his retirement from the United States Navy. Congratulating Vice Admiral Sean Buck on his retirement from the United States Navy.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring women veterans.. Description: Honoring women veterans. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Indiana's women veterans.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the legislative council to assign the topic of harmful chemicals in consumer products.. Description: Urging the legislative council to assign the topic of harmful chemicals in consumer products. A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign to the appropriate study committee the topic of harmful chemicals in consumer products.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Charles Morris.. Description: Congratulating Charles Morris. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Charles Morris on being named the Indiana Township Association's 2022 Charles Bogden Memorial Township Board Member of the Year.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Bringing awareness to the 2024 eclipse.. Description: Bringing awareness to the 2024 eclipse. A SENATE RESOLUTION bringing awareness to the 2024 total solar eclipse.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Heartland Film.. Description: Honoring Heartland Film. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Heartland Film and celebrating the organization's new headquarters at the Fort Ben Cultural Campus in Lawrence, Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Mary Lemieux.. Description: Honoring Mary Lemieux. A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Mary Lemieux for her years of service as a doorkeeper for the Indiana Senate.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.. Description: Recognizing St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the humanitarian efforts of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital for the Supporting Action For Emergency Responses (SAFER) Ukraine program.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Senator Michael Griffin.. Description: Honoring Senator Michael Griffin. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator Michael Griffin for his service to the Indiana Senate and the constituents of Senate District 1.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Eastside High School softball team.. Description: Congratulating the Eastside High School softball team. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Eastside High School softball team on winning the 2022 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Reserve Organization of America.. Description: Honoring the Reserve Organization of America. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the 100th anniversary of the Reserve Organization of America, formerly known as the Reserve Officers Association.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the the desegregation of post-season United States collegiate basketball tournaments and recognizing Clarence Walker, John Wooden, and Indiana State Teachers College.. Description: Honoring the the desegregation of post-season United States collegiate basketball tournaments and recognizing Clarence Walker, John Wooden, and Indiana State Teachers College. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the 75th anniversary of the desegregation of post-season United States collegiate basketball tournaments and recognizing the efforts of Clarence Walker, John Wooden, and Indiana State Teachers College towards desegregation.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Indiana Arts Education Day at the Statehouse.. Description: Recognizing Indiana Arts Education Day at the Statehouse. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Indiana Arts Education Day at the Statehouse.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing student-led WHJE out of Carmel High School.. Description: Recognizing student-led WHJE out of Carmel High School. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing WHJE (91.3 FM) for their outstanding achievement as a student-led high school radio station out of Carmel High School.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Reaffirming Indiana's commitment to Taiwan.. Description: Reaffirming Indiana's commitment to Taiwan. A SENATE RESOLUTION reaffirming Indiana's commitment to strengthening and deepening the sister ties between Indiana and Taiwan, reaffirming support for the Taiwan Relations Act by urging all enterprises in Indiana to refer to Taiwan as Taiwan, supporting the signing of trade agreements between Taiwan and the United States, encouraging Taiwan's meaningful participation in international organizations, and strengthening the education linkages with Taiwan.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Zionsville Chamber of Commerce.. Description: Congratulating the Zionsville Chamber of Commerce. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Zionsville Chamber of Commerce for being named the Indiana Chamber of the Year and recognizing their contribution to the prosperity of the businesses of Zionsville and the growth of Indiana commerce.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Deniece Williams.. Description: Honoring Deniece Williams. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Deniece Williams as one of the greatest voices of soul and talented musicians to come from the state of Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the Town of Clermont, Indiana on its 120th anniversary.. Description: Celebrating the Town of Clermont, Indiana on its 120th anniversary. A SENATE RESOLUTION celebrating the Town of Clermont, Indiana, on its 120th anniversary.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Indy Honor Flight.. Description: Congratulating Indy Honor Flight. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Indy Honor Flight and their many volunteers on ten years of faithful service to Indiana's veterans.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Senator Kevin Boehnlein.. Description: Honoring Senator Kevin Boehnlein. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator Kevin Boehnlein for his service to the Indiana Senate.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Lanesville High School girls basketball team.. Description: Congratulating the Lanesville High School girls basketball team. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Lanesville High School girls basketball team on winning the 2023 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 1A state championship title.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing November as National Epilepsy Awareness Month and honoring the work of the Epilepsy Foundation Indiana.. Description: Recognizing November as National Epilepsy Awareness Month and honoring the work of the Epilepsy Foundation Indiana. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the month of November as National Epilepsy Awareness Month and honoring the work of the Epilepsy Foundation Indiana for their support of Hoosiers living with epilepsy.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 75th anniversary of the State of Israel and reaffirming Indiana's support for Israel.. Description: Recognizing the 75th anniversary of the State of Israel and reaffirming Indiana's support for Israel. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the 75th anniversary of the State of Israel and reaffirming Indiana's support for Israel.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Robert Wright.. Description: Congratulating Robert Wright. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Robert Wright on his 100th birthday and recognizing his military and civil service.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Consuelo Poland Lockhart.. Description: Recognizing Consuelo Poland Lockhart. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Consuelo Poland Lockhart for receiving a 10,000 dollar grant from Mars, Inc. for their "Flipping the Status Quo" program in gender occupational stereotypes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging Governor Eric Holcomb to proclaim April 13, 2023, Remanufacturing Day.. Description: Urging Governor Eric Holcomb to proclaim April 13, 2023, Remanufacturing Day. A SENATE RESOLUTION urging Governor Eric Holcomb to proclaim April 13, 2023, Remanufacturing Day.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the NRA on its 152nd annual convention in Indianapolis, Indiana.. Description: Recognizing the NRA on its 152nd annual convention in Indianapolis, Indiana. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the National Rifle Association on the occasion of its 152nd annual convention in Indianapolis, Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2, 2023, as World Autism Awareness Day.. Description: Recognizing April 2, 2023, as World Autism Awareness Day. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing April 2, 2023, as World Autism Awareness Day.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Alpha Blackburn.. Description: Recognizing Alpha Blackburn. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the distinguished career of Alpha Blackburn as a renowned Indianapolis artist dedicated to serving her community.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the IMMHG.. Description: Honoring the IMMHG. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the Indianapolis Metropolitan Military Honor Guard (IMMHG).
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring David Goggins.. Description: Honoring David Goggins. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring David Goggins for his years of service in the United States military and his continued contributions to society.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Town of Highland Police Chief Peter T. Hojnicki.. Description: Congratulating Town of Highland Police Chief Peter T. Hojnicki. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Town of Highland Police Chief Peter T. Hojnicki on his retirement.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Honda Indiana Auto Plant.. Description: Congratulating the Honda Indiana Auto Plant. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Honda Indiana Auto Plant in Greensburg, Indiana, on 15 years of operations.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the National Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Association's PCOS Challenge.. Description: Recognizing the National Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Association's PCOS Challenge. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the National Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Association's PCOS Challenge for raising awareness of this prevalent health issue.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Indiana Wing of the Civil Air Patrol.. Description: Recognizing the Indiana Wing of the Civil Air Patrol. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the Indiana Wing of the Civil Air Patrol for its Cadet Program.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Eddie Langford.. Description: Honoring Eddie Langford. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Eddie Langford upon his retirement and thanking him for 29 years of exceptional service to the Indiana Senate.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Medical Association and the Indiana Academy of Family Physicians for the "Doctor of the Day" program.. Description: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Medical Association and the Indiana Academy of Family Physicians for the "Doctor of the Day" program. A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing the Indiana State Senate's sincere appreciation to the Indiana State Medical Association and the Indiana Academy of Family Physicians for coordinating and operating the "Doctor of the Day" program and to the dedicated doctors who participated.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expressing gratitude to Verizon Communications.. Description: Expressing gratitude to Verizon Communications. A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing gratitude to Verizon Communications for its role in promoting and supporting the Indiana General Assembly's legislative internship program and scholarships.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana Legislative Services Agency.. Description: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana Legislative Services Agency. A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing the sincere gratitude and appreciation of the Indiana Senate to the Indiana Legislative Services Agency for its tireless work and dedication during the First Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty-Third General Assembly.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring the Senate Democratic Caucus interns.. Description: Recognizing and honoring the Senate Democratic Caucus interns. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring the Senate Democratic Caucus interns for their service during the First Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty-Third Indiana General Assembly.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Leigh Anne Eck.. Description: Congratulating Leigh Anne Eck. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Leigh Anne Eck for being named 2022 Indiana Rural Teacher of the Year.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the 2023 Senate Majority Caucus interns.. Description: Honoring the 2023 Senate Majority Caucus interns. A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the 2023 Senate Majority Caucus interns and thanking them for their faithful service to the Indiana General Assembly.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Chiropractic Association for the "Chiropractor of the Day" program.. Description: Expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Chiropractic Association for the "Chiropractor of the Day" program. A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Chiropractic Association for coordinating and operating the "Chiropractor of the Day" program at the Indiana Statehouse and to the dedicated chiropractors who participated.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated.. Description: Recognizing Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated for fostering the constructive development of its members, its commitment to public service, and its support to Black communities.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expressing Indiana's solidarity with the women and girls fighting for their rights in Iran.. Description: Expressing Indiana's solidarity with the women and girls fighting for their rights in Iran. A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing Indiana's solidarity with the brave women and girls peacefully fighting for their fundamental human rights in Iran.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Moms Demand Action and Students Demand Action.. Description: Recognizing Moms Demand Action and Students Demand Action. A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Moms Demand Action and Students Demand Action as two organizations that have demonstrated an unwavering commitment to advocating for common-sense gun legislation and ending the epidemic of gun violence in our communities.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the NorthWood High School boys basketball team.. Description: Congratulating the NorthWood High School boys basketball team. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the NorthWood High School boys basketball team on winning the 2023 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A state championship title.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Fairfield High School girls basketball team.. Description: Congratulating the Fairfield High School girls basketball team. A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Fairfield High School girls basketball team on winning the 2023 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A state championship title.
In 2022, Indiana passed a bill titled: To allow the House of Representatives and the Senate of the 123rd Indiana General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the First Regular Session.. Description: To allow the House of Representatives and the Senate of the 123rd Indiana General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the First Regular Session. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to allow the House of Representatives and the Senate of the 123rd Indiana General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the First Regular Session for periods in excess of three (3) consecutive days as the need, in the judgment of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, respectively, may arise.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: To convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana.. Description: To convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: To convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana.. Description: To convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a Joint Session of the 123rd General Assembly of the State of Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge on State Road 29 over Wildcat Creek in Burlington, Indiana, as the "Donald L. Mills Memorial Bridge".. Description: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge on State Road 29 over Wildcat Creek in Burlington, Indiana, as the "Donald L. Mills Memorial Bridge". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge on State Road 29 over Wildcat Creek in Burlington, Indiana, as the "Donald L. Mills Memorial Bridge".
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge on State Highway 27 over I-70 as the "Officer Seara Burton Memorial Bridge".. Description: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge on State Highway 27 over I-70 as the "Officer Seara Burton Memorial Bridge". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge on State Highway 27 over I-70 as the "Officer Seara Burton Memorial Bridge".
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge on U.S. Highway 27 over the Wabash River between Berne and Geneva as the "Spc. Nicholas A. Taylor Memorial Bridge".. Description: Urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge on U.S. Highway 27 over the Wabash River between Berne and Geneva as the "Spc. Nicholas A. Taylor Memorial Bridge". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge on U.S. Highway 27 over the Wabash River between Berne and Geneva as the "Spc. Nicholas A. Taylor Memorial Bridge".
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing January as Human Trafficking Awareness Month.. Description: Recognizing January as Human Trafficking Awareness Month. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing January as Human Trafficking Awareness Month.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing November as Native American Heritage Month.. Description: Recognizing November as Native American Heritage Month. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing November as Native American Heritage Month.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Wednesday, February 15, 2023, as a day to honor the work and mission of the regions of the American Red Cross serving Indiana.. Description: Recognizing Wednesday, February 15, 2023, as a day to honor the work and mission of the regions of the American Red Cross serving Indiana. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Wednesday, February 15, 2023, as a day to honor the work and mission of the regions of the American Red Cross serving Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Valparaiso Vikings for winning the 2022 IHSAA Class 5A Football State Championship in November of 2022.. Description: Congratulating the Valparaiso Vikings for winning the 2022 IHSAA Class 5A Football State Championship in November of 2022. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Valparaiso Vikings for winning the 2022 IHSAA Class 5A Football State Championship in November of 2022.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the achievements and contributions of attorney, community leader, and civil rights activist Fay H. Williams.. Description: Celebrating the achievements and contributions of attorney, community leader, and civil rights activist Fay H. Williams. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION celebrating the achievements and contributions of attorney, community leader, and civil rights activist Fay H. Williams.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing "Farmworker and Farmer Awareness Week" and the work of Proteus, Inc.. Description: Recognizing "Farmworker and Farmer Awareness Week" and the work of Proteus, Inc. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing "Farmworker and Farmer Awareness Week" and the work of Proteus, Inc.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the 100th anniversary of Visit Indy.. Description: Celebrating the 100th anniversary of Visit Indy. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION celebrating the 100th anniversary of Visit Indy.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Lafayette Central Catholic Knights for winning the IHSAA Class 1A state baseball championship in June 2022.. Description: Congratulating the Lafayette Central Catholic Knights for winning the IHSAA Class 1A state baseball championship in June 2022. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Lafayette Central Catholic Knights for winning the IHSAA Class 1A state baseball championship in June 2022.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Recognizing the 120th anniversary of the chartering of UA Local 440.. Description: Recognizing the 120th anniversary of the chartering of UA Local 440. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 120th anniversary of the chartering of UA Local 440.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the officers and crew of the USS Indiana (SSN 789).. Description: Recognizing the officers and crew of the USS Indiana (SSN 789). A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the officers and crew of the USS Indiana (SSN 789).
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Amber Pitts on being named 2022-23 National Teacher of the Year for the Project Lead the Way program.. Description: Honoring Amber Pitts on being named 2022-23 National Teacher of the Year for the Project Lead the Way program. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Amber Pitts on being named 2022-23 National Teacher of the Year for the Project Lead the Way program.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: To honor and congratulate the ladies of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority on the organization's 100th Anniversary.. Description: To honor and congratulate the ladies of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority on the organization's 100th Anniversary.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 120th anniversary of the chartering of UA Local 440.. Description: Recognizing the 120th anniversary of the chartering of UA Local 440. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 120th anniversary of the chartering of UA Local 440.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Katrina Skirvin on being named Outstanding Agricultural Education Teacher for Region 4 by the National Association of Agricultural Educators.. Description: Congratulating Katrina Skirvin on being named Outstanding Agricultural Education Teacher for Region 4 by the National Association of Agricultural Educators. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Katrina Skirvin on being named Outstanding Agricultural Education Teacher for Region 4 by the National Association of Agricultural Educators.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring volunteer firefighters.. Description: Recognizing and honoring volunteer firefighters. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring volunteer firefighters.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Annie Burns-Hicks.. Description: Honoring Annie Burns-Hicks. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Annie Burns-Hicks.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 2023 as Parkinson's Disease Awareness Month.. Description: Recognizing April 2023 as Parkinson's Disease Awareness Month. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing April 2023 as Parkinson's Disease Awareness Month.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 2023 as American Heart Month.. Description: Recognizing February 2023 as American Heart Month. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing February 2023 as American Heart Month.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Joe Greer for competing in 50 consecutive United States Bowling Congress Open Championships.. Description: Congratulating Joe Greer for competing in 50 consecutive United States Bowling Congress Open Championships. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Joe Greer for competing in 50 consecutive United States Bowling Congress Open Championships.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.. Description: Honoring Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the City of Fishers for its commitment to disability inclusivity during Disability Awareness Month.. Description: Honoring the City of Fishers for its commitment to disability inclusivity during Disability Awareness Month. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the City of Fishers for its commitment to disability inclusivity during Disability Awareness Month.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Ivy Tech Community College on its 60th anniversary.. Description: Congratulating Ivy Tech Community College on its 60th anniversary. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Ivy Tech Community College on its 60th anniversary.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Forest Park High School girls' basketball team on their championship victory.. Description: Congratulating the Forest Park High School girls' basketball team on their championship victory. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Forest Park High School girls' basketball team on their championship victory.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 125th anniversary of the Independent Insurance Agents of Indiana.. Description: Recognizing the 125th anniversary of the Independent Insurance Agents of Indiana. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 125th anniversary of the Independent Insurance Agents of Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Ivy Tech Community College on its 60th anniversary.. Description: Congratulating Ivy Tech Community College on its 60th anniversary. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Ivy Tech Community College on its 60th anniversary.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Hoosier Women Artists program.. Description: Recognizing the Hoosier Women Artists program. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Hoosier Women Artists program.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the East Central High School football team.. Description: Congratulating the East Central High School football team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the East Central High School football team.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Mayor Dennis Buckley of Beech Grove, Indiana.. Description: Recognizing Mayor Dennis Buckley of Beech Grove, Indiana. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Mayor Dennis Buckley of Beech Grove, Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Valparaiso High School gymnastics team.. Description: Recognizing the Valparaiso High School gymnastics team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Valparaiso High School gymnastics team.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Workers Memorial Day.. Description: Recognizing Workers Memorial Day.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Hagerstown, Indiana, Little League World Series team.. Description: Recognizing the Hagerstown, Indiana, Little League World Series team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Hagerstown, Indiana, Little League World Series team.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Dr. Mercy Obeime.. Description: Honoring Dr. Mercy Obeime. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Mercy Obeime.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Indy SurviveOars.. Description: Recognizing the Indy SurviveOars. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Indy SurviveOars.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Raising awareness for sickle cell disease.. Description: Raising awareness for sickle cell disease. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION raising awareness for sickle cell disease.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Shelly Beaver.. Description: Recognizing and honoring Shelly Beaver. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring Shelly Beaver.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing former Indiana House of Representatives employee Brad Burk on his 25th anniversary leading the American Cancer Society in Indiana.. Description: Recognizing former Indiana House of Representatives employee Brad Burk on his 25th anniversary leading the American Cancer Society in Indiana. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing former Indiana House of Representatives employee Brad Burk on his 25th anniversary leading the American Cancer Society in Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Michael D. McDaniel.. Description: Recognizing Michael D. McDaniel. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Michael D. McDaniel.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the achievements and contributions of Hoosier environmental leader Tim Maloney on his retirement.. Description: Celebrating the achievements and contributions of Hoosier environmental leader Tim Maloney on his retirement. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION celebrating the achievements and contributions of Hoosier environmental leader Tim Maloney on his retirement.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Ben Davis High School varsity boys' basketball team.. Description: Honoring the Ben Davis High School varsity boys' basketball team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Ben Davis High School varsity boys' basketball team.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Thanking Mayor Andy Cook of Westfield for his service.. Description: Thanking Mayor Andy Cook of Westfield for his service. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION thanking Mayor Andy Cook of Westfield for his service.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Jim Shannon.. Description: Honoring Jim Shannon. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Jim Shannon.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: To congratulate LifeSpan Resources on their 50th anniversary.. Description: To congratulate LifeSpan Resources on their 50th anniversary. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to congratulate LifeSpan Resources on their 50th anniversary.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Elizabeth Hallal for becoming Miss Indiana 2022.. Description: Honoring Elizabeth Hallal for becoming Miss Indiana 2022. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Elizabeth Hallal for becoming Miss Indiana 2022.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Rauch, Inc. on their 70th anniversary.. Description: Honoring Rauch, Inc. on their 70th anniversary. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Rauch, Inc. on their 70th anniversary.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program on its 50th anniversary.. Description: Congratulating the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program on its 50th anniversary. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program on its 50th anniversary.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Memorializing late Governor Kernan.. Description: Memorializing late Governor Kernan. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the late Governor Joe Kernan and urging the Indiana Department of Administration to place a memorial bust of Governor Kernan within the State Capitol.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Urging INDOT to rename the bridge over West 300 N on SR 25 in Carroll County the "George H. Mears Memorial Bridge".. Description: Urging INDOT to rename the bridge over West 300 N on SR 25 in Carroll County the "George H. Mears Memorial Bridge". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge over West 300 North on State Road 25 in Carroll County as the "George H. Mears Memorial Bridge".
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Five Points Conservation Club youth trapshooting team.. Description: Honoring the Five Points Conservation Club youth trapshooting team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Five Points Conservation Club youth trapshooting team for winning the Junior Gold Indiana State Trapshooting Championship.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging INDOT to rename a section of SR13 in Madison County, the "Officer Noah Jacob Shahnavaz Memorial Mile".. Description: Urging INDOT to rename a section of SR13 in Madison County, the "Officer Noah Jacob Shahnavaz Memorial Mile". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename a section of State Road 13 in Madison County, beginning at 1795 South Anderson Street and ending one mile south on State Road 13, the "Officer Noah Jacob Shahnavaz Memorial Mile".
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging INDOT to rename a section of SR 135 in Harrison County the "Jacob T. McClanahan Memorial Mile".. Description: Urging INDOT to rename a section of SR 135 in Harrison County the "Jacob T. McClanahan Memorial Mile". A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename a section of State Road 135 in Harrison County between School Lane Northeast and Buffalo Trace Road the "Jacob T. McClanahan Memorial Mile".
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Urging Congress to permanently extend the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017.. Description: Urging Congress to permanently extend the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Congress of the United States to permanently extend the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 60th anniversary of Gideon v. Wainwright.. Description: Commemorating the 60th anniversary of Gideon v. Wainwright. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION commemorating the 60th anniversary of the United States Supreme Court's decision in Gideon v. Wainwright.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Indiana Legislative Youth Advisory Council.. Description: Recognizing the Indiana Legislative Youth Advisory Council. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Indiana Legislative Youth Advisory Council.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Dr. Scott Robison.. Description: Congratulating Dr. Scott Robison. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Dr. Scott Robison on his retirement and honoring his thirty-eight years of dedicated service to Indiana's schools.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 50th anniversary of the Fischoff National Chamber Music Association.. Description: Recognizing the 50th anniversary of the Fischoff National Chamber Music Association. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 50th anniversary of the Fischoff National Chamber Music Association.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Indiana Fever and recognizing National Girls and Women in Sports Day.. Description: Honoring the Indiana Fever and recognizing National Girls and Women in Sports Day. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Indiana Fever and recognizing the 37th annual National Girls and Women in Sports Day.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Indiana 4-H.. Description: Honoring Indiana 4-H. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Indiana 4-H and recognizing February 7, 2023, as Indiana 4-H Day at the Statehouse.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the National FFA Organization and the Indiana FFA Association.. Description: Recognizing the National FFA Organization and the Indiana FFA Association. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the National FFA Organization and the Indiana FFA Association for exemplary work in the advancement of agricultural education in Indiana and across the country.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Mayor Jim Brainard.. Description: Honoring Mayor Jim Brainard. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Mayor Jim Brainard for his twenty-seven years of service as mayor of Carmel, Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Indiana State Bar Association's Leadership Development Academy.. Description: Recognizing the Indiana State Bar Association's Leadership Development Academy. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 2023 class of the Indiana State Bar Association's Leadership Development Academy.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Jack Russell.. Description: Honoring Jack Russell. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Jack Russell and congratulating him for being named Indiana Chamber Executive of the Year.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Chesterton Pop Warner 10U youth football team.. Description: Congratulating the Chesterton Pop Warner 10U youth football team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Chesterton Pop Warner 10U youth football team on winning the 2022 Indiana Pop Warner 10U State Championship.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Jerry Zehr.. Description: Congratulating Jerry Zehr. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Jerry Zehr for being honored as the 2023 Interfaith Ambassador by the Center for Interfaith Cooperation.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Indiana High School Athletic Association officials.. Description: Honoring Indiana High School Athletic Association officials. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Indiana High School Athletic Association officials for 120 years of positively impacting young student-athletes.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Jasper High School Marching Band.. Description: Honoring the Jasper High School Marching Band. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Jasper High School Marching Band for winning the 2022 Class B state championship at the Indiana State School Music Association (ISSMA) Finals.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Citizens' Speedway Committee.. Description: Honoring the Citizens' Speedway Committee. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Citizens' Speedway Committee.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Fishers High School "We the People" team.. Description: Congratulating the Fishers High School "We the People" team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Fishers High School "We the People" team on being the runner up for the 2022 "We the People" National Finals.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Saint Paul Catholic School.. Description: Congratulating Saint Paul Catholic School. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Saint Paul Catholic School on its selection as a 2022 National Blue Ribbon School.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating INDOT and partners on I-69 Finish Line Recognition.. Description: Congratulating INDOT and partners on I-69 Finish Line Recognition. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Indiana Department of Transportation, HNTB Corporation, Walsh Construction, and their many partners on having a portion of Interstate 69 Finish Line, located in Martinsville and Morgan County, Indiana, recognized as the top roadway project in the United States for 2022.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Barbara Boyd.. Description: Honoring Barbara Boyd. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the lifetime achievements of Indianapolis journalist Barbara Boyd.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Condemning religious persecution worldwide.. Description: Condemning religious persecution worldwide. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION condemning religious persecution worldwide.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Haven Youth Center.. Description: Congratulating the Haven Youth Center. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Haven Youth Center for its 25 years of service to the youth of Martinsville.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Directing the ISP to study Rapid DNA.. Description: Directing the ISP to study Rapid DNA. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION directing the Indiana State Police to study Rapid Deoxyribonucleic Acid (DNA) and provide a report with findings and recommendations to the Legislative Council before December 15, 2023.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Memorializing Jackie R. Yenna.. Description: Memorializing Jackie R. Yenna. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing the life and service of Jackie R. Yenna.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the Columbus Symphony Orchestra.. Description: Celebrating the Columbus Symphony Orchestra. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION celebrating the 100th anniversary of the Columbus Symphony Orchestra.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Bedford North Lawrence High School girls basketball team.. Description: Congratulating the Bedford North Lawrence High School girls basketball team. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Bedford North Lawrence High School girls basketball team on winning the 2023 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 4A state championship title.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Memorializing Congresswoman Jackie Walorski.. Description: Memorializing Congresswoman Jackie Walorski. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Congresswoman Jackie Walorski.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Judge Margret G. Robb.. Description: Honoring Judge Margret G. Robb. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Judge Margret G. Robb upon her retirement from the Court of Appeals of Indiana.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Denny Costerison.. Description: Congratulating Denny Costerison. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Denny Costerison on his retirement from the Indiana Association of School Business Officials.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring State Representative Woody Burton.. Description: Honoring State Representative Woody Burton.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Bishop Charles M. Finnell.. Description: Honoring Bishop Charles M. Finnell. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Bishop Charles M. Finnell for 20 years of service as Pastor of Christ Temple Apostolic Faith Assembly in Indianapolis.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Tara Cocanower.. Description: Congratulating Tara Cocanower. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Tara Cocanower for being named the 2023 Indiana Teacher of the Year.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the National Wild Turkey Federation.. Description: Congratulating the National Wild Turkey Federation. A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the National Wild Turkey Federation on its 50th anniversary.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Gubernatorial line of succession.. Description: Gubernatorial line of succession. Removes the superintendent of public instruction from the list of officeholders who shall discharge the powers and duties of the governor if the office of the governor and lieutenant governor are both vacant. This proposed amendment has been agreed to by one general assembly.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Town and city court judges.. Description: Town and city court judges. Provides that the judge of a city or town court shall reside in: (1) the county in which the city or town court is located; or (2) the bordering Indiana county that is the closest Indiana county to the city or town in which the court is located. This proposed amendment has not been previously agreed to by a general assembly.
In 2023, Indiana passed a bill titled: Limitation on right to bail.. Description: Limitation on right to bail. Provides that an offense other than murder or treason is not bailable if: (1) the proof is evident or the presumption strong; and (2) the state proves by clear and convincing evidence that no release conditions will reasonably protect the safety of any other person or the community.
In 2023, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Service on interbranch commissions.. Description: Service on interbranch commissions. Adds a new section to the Constitution of the State of Indiana specifying that a Senator or Representative may serve on a commission, board, committee, or similar entity organized to govern, advise, or provide oversight to an agency of the administrative or executive departments of the state. Provides that the following apply to a Senator or Representative serving on an entity under the new constitutional provision: (1) The Senator or Representative may be appointed to serve on the entity by a member of the General Assembly or a committee of the General Assembly. (2) The Senator or Representative may be a voting member of the entity. (3) The Senator or Representative may participate in any activity conducted in the fulfillment of the entity's duties as prescribed by law, rule, or executive order. (4) The Senator or Representative may participate in the preparation and adoption of an administrative rule by an agency of the administrative or executive departments of the state.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: State budget.. Description: State budget. Appropriates money for capital expenditures, the operation of the state, K-12 and higher education, the delivery of Medicaid and other services, and various other distributions and purposes. Specifies that the deadline for adjourning sine die for the 2021 session of the general assembly is November 15, 2021, and that the current deadline of April 29 remains in place for future long sessions. Provides that the regular technical session statute does not apply in calendar year 2021. Specifies the deadlines for signing enrolled acts and presenting them to the governor for bills passed after April 19, 2021, and before May 1, 2021. Specifies the following: (1) That the 2021 interim is the period beginning May 1, 2021, and ending November 15, 2021. (2) That for 2021, the prohibited period concerning fundraising activities is through April 29, 2021, rather than the date on which the general assembly adjourns sine die. (3) That the budget committee is required to meet at least once between April 30, 2021, and July 1, 2021. (Current law requires the budget committee to meet at least once in the two months following the general assembly adjournment sine die.) Provides that a redistricting commission is established to determine congressional districts if the general assembly adjourns sine die before November 15, 2021, without having enacted a law establishing congressional districts. (Current law refers to the adjournment of the general assembly without specifying an adjournment sine die or a particular date.) Provides provisions for opioid litigation and settlements, including opt out provisions for political subdivisions. Specifies distributions and uses of funds received from opioid litigation settlements that resolve existing state and political subdivision litigation lawsuits as of January 1, 2021. Establishes the Pokagon Band Tribal-state compact fund and specifies the purposes for the fund. Transfers the operations of the Indiana department of gaming research into a newly established gaming research division of the Indiana gaming commission. Repeals the exoneration fund. Removes the annual appropriation provision for the examinations fund of the state board of accounts. Establishes the Indiana career accelerator fund (fund) to be administered by the Indiana economic development corporation (IEDC). Provides that the IEDC may award financial assistance awards from the fund to assist individuals in obtaining credentials from qualified education programs. Defines "qualified education program" for purposes of an award. Repeals the Indiana regional cities development fund. Establishes the regional economic acceleration and development initiative (READI) fund to provide grants and loans to support economic development and regional economic acceleration and development. Provides that the IEDC shall administer the fund. Requires the IEDC to establish a policy for the regional economic acceleration and development initiative. Replaces the state superintendent of public instruction with the secretary of education or the secretary's designee as a member of the distressed unit appeal board. Specifies the provisions that apply when the distressed unit appeal board suspends payments on loans or advances from the common school fund. Provides certain add backs and subtraction used in determining Indiana adjusted gross income. Changes the definition of "Internal Revenue Code" in the adjusted gross income tax law to mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended and in effect on March 31, 2021. Makes changes to the state income tax deduction for unemployment compensation. Amends the venture capital investment tax credit to apply to taxpayers that provide qualified investment capital to certain qualified Indiana investment funds (qualified fund). Provides that the IEDC may only certify a fund as a qualified fund if the fund meets the definition of a venture capital fund under federal regulations and the fund makes investments according to specified policy requirements and priorities. Provides that a taxpayer may not claim a credit certified with regard to a qualified fund before July 1, 2023. Specifies the maximum available tax credits in a calendar year with regard to a qualified fund. Increases the maximum available tax credits in a calendar year with regard to qualified Indiana businesses under current law, including an additional increase in the maximum amount if the qualified Indiana business is a minority business enterprise or a women's business enterprise. Caps the total amount of credits that the IEDC may award in a calendar year at $20,000,000, provided that not more than $7,500,000 is awarded for proposed investments in a qualified fund. Increases the tax credit that a taxpayer can claim for contributions made to a scholarship granting organization for state fiscal years 2022 and 2023. Provides a tax credit against adjusted gross income tax and financial institutions tax liability for monetary contributions to a qualifying foster care organization equal to 50% of the amount of the contribution, but not to exceed $10,000 for a taxable year. Defines a "qualifying foster care organization". Caps the total amount of the tax credits allowed in any state fiscal year to $2,000,000. Sunsets the tax credit on July 1, 2025. Adds certain procedural, accounting, and reporting requirements regarding the local income tax. Increases the special purpose local income tax rate that may be imposed in a county that is a member of a regional development authority. Imposes an excise tax, known as the electronic cigarette tax, on the retail sale of vapor products and consumable material in Indiana (does not include closed system cartridges). Imposes a tax on the distribution of closed system cartridges. Extends the expiration date of the Nashville food and beverage tax. Repeals the deposit of a part of the wine excise tax rate collected on each gallon of wine in the wine grape market development fund and requires the department of state revenue to instead deposit that part of the wine excise tax in the state general fund. Provides that, beginning July 1, 2021, all aviation fuel excise tax revenue is transferred to the airport development grant fund. (Under current law, 50% of the aviation fuel excise tax revenue is transferred to the general fund and 50% is transferred to the airport development grant fund.) Removes annual budget committee review of the distribution formula established by Indiana department of transportation for the public mass transportation fund. Requires budget committee review before any money may be transferred from the local road and bridge matching grant fund. Establishes the Internet crimes against children fund to be administered by the state police department. Specifies the uses of the fund. Requires an authorized service provider to use at least 85% (instead of 75%) of the reimbursement rate increase to pay payroll tax liabilities and to increase wages and benefits paid to direct care staff. Makes a conforming change to a provision for annual transfers to the Marion County health and hospitals corporation. Provides that the office of the secretary of family and social services shall apply to the United States Department of Health and Human Services regarding a waiver to implement the mobile integrated healthcare program and to receive funding through Section 9813 of the American Rescue Plan (ARP). Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to report on the progress in the development of a risk based managed care program for Medicaid recipients who are eligible to participate in the Medicare program and receive nursing facility services. Requires state budget committee review of a request for proposal for the procurement of a Medicaid program before the request for proposal may be issued. Specifies that the office of the secretary of family and social services may not give certain preference under the in-home early education services reimbursement program based on the county in which a child is located. Adds certain fee provisions under the state permit program for the implementation of federal regulations for the disposal of coal combustion residuals in landfills and surface impoundments contained in Senate Bill 271. Extends the expiration of the hospital assessment fee and the quality assessment fee from June 30, 2021, to June 30, 2023. Extends the expiration date for funding of certain charter schools for adults. Extends the ability of the state board of education to authorize new innovation network charter schools from June 30, 2021, to June 30, 2023. Provides that before a governing body of a school corporation may enter a public-private agreement the project plan and other information must be reviewed by the budget committee. Provides that a student who was unable to take a graduation examination during the 2020-2021 school year due to the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) may still be eligible to graduate. Increases the amount of a grant under the charter and innovation network school grant program. Specifies provisions that apply to advances under the charter school and innovation school advance program. Specifies factors in determining an eligible pupil for purposes of the ADM count. Provides that, for purposes of determining basic tuition support for a school corporation, the department of education (department) must review the daily attendance of each student to determine whether, of the instructional services that the student receives from a school corporation, at least 50% is virtual instruction. Specifies the school days for which the department must review daily attendance. Requires the department to take into consideration whether a student transferred to the school corporation during the dates that the department reviews daily attendance. Changes the eligibility requirements to receive choice scholarships. Makes changes to the amount of tuition an eligible choice scholarship student is entitled to receive to attend a choice scholarship school. Repeals provisions that provide eligibility to certain students if the student's household income increases. Removes a provision that prevents unused money appropriated to the department of education for the advanced placement program from reverting to the state general fund. Removes all fees for a license to carry a handgun and makes conforming amendments. Requires, with exceptions, the department of child services to: (1) enter into an agreement and provide an adoption subsidy to each adoptive parent of a child with special needs who is eligible for an adoption subsidy; and (2) allocate to the adoption assistance account funds necessary to make the adoption subsidy payments. Specifies the amount of adoption subsidy payments. Provides that, in the case of an allocation area established by the redevelopment commission of a qualified city for the purpose of financing a mixed use development project, if the legislative body of the qualified city adopts a resolution to approve an independent analysis of the proposed development project that demonstrates the need for an allocation area that exceeds 25 years, the legislative body of the qualified city may adopt a resolution to renew the allocation area for an additional period of not more than 25 years. Defines "qualified city" and "mixed use development project" for purposes of these provisions. Extends the judicial and legislative branch leave conversion pilot program through June 30, 2023. Appropriates amounts for defeasing bonds. Provides that unexpended and unencumbered amounts appropriated to the legislative services agency in a state fiscal year ending before July 1, 2022, do not revert to the state general fund. Appropriates $400,000,000 from the state general fund to the pre-1996 account of the teachers' retirement fund. Makes appropriations to the Indiana public retirement system and the treasurer of state for specified cost of living adjustments. Provides that augmentation is allowed from funds in each account created within the federal economic stimulus fund. Establishes the higher education funding task force as a 2021 interim study committee for the purpose of studying funding for higher education. Specifies the members of the task force. Requires the task force to submit and present a report to the budget committee before November 1, 2021. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee during the 2021 legislative interim the task of studying the issues of affordable housing, workforce housing, and "missing middle" housing in Indiana. Requires the department of education to prepare and submit a report to the legislative council concerning the availability of federal funding that may be used to hire school counselor for high schools, with a focus on career counseling and planning for technical or vocational training paths. Makes conforming changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Civil immunity related to COVID-19.. Description: Civil immunity related to COVID-19. Protects health care providers from professional discipline for certain acts or omissions arising from a disaster emergency unless the act or omission constitutes gross negligence, willful or wanton misconduct, or intentional misrepresentation. Provides that a health care provider is not protected from professional discipline for actions that are outside the skills, education, and training of the health care provider, unless certain circumstances apply. Specifies that orders and recommendations issued by local, state, and federal government agencies and officials during a state disaster emergency do not create new causes of action or new legal duties. Specifies that the orders and recommendations are presumed irrelevant to the issue of the existence of a duty or breach of a duty. Prohibits filing a class action lawsuit against a defendant in a civil action allowed by the statute. Specifies that a governmental entity or employee is not liable if a loss results from an act or omission arising from COVID-19 unless the act or omission constitutes gross negligence, willful or wanton misconduct, or intentional misrepresentation. Provides that a person is not liable to a claimant for loss, damage, injury, or death arising from COVID-19 unless the claimant proves that the person caused the loss, damage, injury, or death by an act or omission constituting gross negligence, willful or wanton misconduct, or intentional misrepresentation. Provides immunity from civil liability to certain persons, entities, and facilities providing health care and other services for certain acts or omissions related to the provision of health care services and other services during a state disaster emergency. Extends COVID-19 health care immunity during periods of disaster emergency after February 29, 2020, and before April 1, 2022. Resolves conflicts between SEA 1 and HB 1002.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Tuition support.. Description: Tuition support. Establishes a definition of "virtual instruction" for purposes of determining a school corporation's basic tuition support using the average daily membership (ADM).
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Small business restart grant program.. Description: Small business restart grant program. Establishes the Hoosier hospitality small business restart grant program (program) to provide grants to eligible entities to accelerate economic recovery from the impacts of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic. Establishes the small business restart grant fund (fund). Provides that the Indiana economic development corporation (corporation) administers the program and fund. Allows the corporation to award grants from the fund. Provides parameters for the program. However, authorizes the corporation to change the parameters of the program, which, if a change is made, must be reviewed by the budget committee at the meeting following the change. Makes an appropriation.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: School choice matters.. Description: School choice matters. Establishes the Indiana education scholarship account program (program). Provides that, after June 30, 2022, a parent of an eligible student or an emancipated eligible student may establish an account in the program. Defines an eligible student as: (1) a student with a disability who requires special education; (2) a student with a parent who is on active duty service in the armed forces of the United States or national guard; or (3) a student placed in foster care or otherwise under care and supervision of the department of child services. Provides that an eligible student who has an account and attends a qualified school is eligible to receive an annual grant amount that may be used to pay for tuition at an accredited nonpublic school or education related expenses. Provides that the treasurer of state shall administer the program. Provides a deduction from Indiana adjusted gross income for a grant amount that is distributed to a taxpayer's Indiana education savings account and used for a qualified expense, to the extent the distribution is included in the taxpayer's federal adjusted gross income. Changes the eligibility requirements to receive choice scholarships. Makes changes to the amount of tuition an eligible choice scholarship student is entitled to receive to attend a choice scholarship school. Establishes the Indiana education scholarship account program advisory council to provide guidance on the implementation of the program as well as to provide recommendation for program improvements to the treasurer of state and to the general assembly. Repeals provisions that provide eligibility to certain students if the student's household income increases. Provides that the department of education shall provide services that offer objective advise upon request to parents of an eligible student or an emancipated eligible student relating to services that can help meet the eligible student's or emancipated eligible student's particular needs. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Interim study committee topic.. Description: Interim study committee topic. Urges the legislative council to assign the interim study committee on fiscal policy the task of studying the creation of wastewater facility improvement districts.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Law enforcement officers.. Description: Law enforcement officers. Requires the Indiana law enforcement training board to establish mandatory training in de-escalation as part of the use-of-force curriculum, and requires de-escalation training to be provided as a part of: (1) pre-basic training; (2) mandatory inservice training; and (3) the executive training program. Establishes a procedure to allow the Indiana law enforcement training board to decertify an officer who has committed misconduct. Defines "chokehold" and prohibits the use of a chokehold under certain circumstances. Specifies that a law enforcement officer who turns off a body worn camera with the intent to conceal a criminal act commits a Class A misdemeanor. Requires an agency hiring a law enforcement officer to request the officer's employment record and certain other information from previous employing agencies, requires the previous employing agency to provide certain employment information upon request, and provides immunity for disclosure of the employment records. Makes an appropriation to the Indiana law enforcement training academy for making capital improvements.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: State health improvement plan and grant program.. Description: State health improvement plan and grant program. Requires the state department of health (department), in consultation with the office of the secretary of family and social services, to study and prepare a plan (plan) to improve the health and behavioral health of Indiana residents based on specified criteria. Requires the department to submit and present the plan to the interim study committee on public health, behavioral health, and human services (interim study committee). Requires the department to prepare and present an annual report to the interim study committee regarding the progress made in meeting the metrics and goals of the plan. Requires that the department establish and maintain on the department's Internet web site a web page that indicates the performance and progress of the metrics and goals of the most significant areas identified in the plan. Establishes the prevention and addressing of health issues and challenges grant program (grant program). Establishes the prevention and addressing of health issues and challenges grant fund. Requires the department to administer the grant program. Provides requirements for grant proposals and specifies the types of proposals for which the grants must be awarded. Requires the management performance hub to develop and publish on an Internet web site a web page that tracks Indiana's metrics on the most significant areas of health and behavioral health impacting Indiana residents and demonstrate any progress made in these metrics. Provides that the web page must include specific progress reported by organizations awarded a grant under the grant program.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Student learning recovery grant program.. Description: Student learning recovery grant program. Establishes the: (1) student learning recovery grant program; and (2) student learning recovery grant program fund (fund). Provides that, to be eligible to receive a grant, an eligible entity must develop and submit a student learning acceleration plan (plan). Establishes requirements for a plan and certain information reporting requirements for those eligible entities that are awarded a grant. Requires, before November 1, 2021, and November 1, 2022, the department of education to prepare and submit a report to the interim committee on education. Appropriates to the fund from the state general fund for the purposes of the program $150,000,000 for the 2021 state fiscal year.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: TANF program.. Description: TANF program. Increases the state earned income tax credit to an amount equal to 10% (instead of 9%) of the federal earned income tax credit that an individual claimed for a taxable year. Provides that for purposes of the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, income earned by a certain individual in the household who is participating in or pursuing a postsecondary degree, a workforce certificate, a pre-apprenticeship, or an apprenticeship may not disqualify an eligible household from receiving benefits, and may not be considered in determining the amount of assistance.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring State Representative Dan Forestal.. Description: Honoring State Representative Dan Forestal.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Enterprise zone renewals.. Description: Enterprise zone renewals. Provides that an enterprise zone may be renewed for an additional five year period if the fiscal body of the municipality in which the enterprise zone is located adopts a resolution to renew the enterprise zone. Provides that a zone business located in the renewed enterprise zone may only access the property tax deduction incentive.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Operating while intoxicated.. Description: Operating while intoxicated. Provides a defense to prosecution for a person who operates a vehicle with marijuana or its metabolite in the person's blood under certain conditions.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing "Farmworkers Awareness Week", Cesar Chavez, and the work of Proteus, Inc.. Description: Recognizing "Farmworkers Awareness Week", Cesar Chavez, and the work of Proteus, Inc.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Removal of a county elected officer.. Description: Removal of a county elected officer. Allows a county executive and county fiscal body to adopt identical resolutions to initiate a court action to remove the county's auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, or assessor (county officer) for: (1) neglect of duties; (2) charging illegal fees; or (3) failing to be physically present in the county officer's office for a reasonable amount of time each month. (Under current law, an action for removal of an officer may only be initiated in court on the oath of a person and for a violation described in (1) or (2)). Provides that it is a defense to an action for a violation described in (3) that the county officer's absence was due to serious illness of the county officer or the county officer's spouse, parent, child, or stepchild or military service.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Newborn safety devices.. Description: Newborn safety devices. Provides for placement of a newborn safety device at any facility that is staffed by an emergency medical services provider on a 24 hour per day, seven day per week basis, provided the newborn safety device: (1) is located in an area that is conspicuous and visible to staff; and (2) includes a dual alarm system that is connected to the facility and is tested at least one time per month to ensure the alarm system is in working order. Provides for placement of a newborn safety device at any fire department, including a volunteer fire department that: (1) meets the minimum response time established by the county, not to exceed four minutes; (2) is located within one mile of a hospital, police station, or emergency medical services station that meets certain requirements; (3) is equipped with an alert system that, when the newborn safety device is opened, automatically connects to the 911 system and transmits a request for immediate dispatch of an emergency medical services provider to the location of the newborn safety device and is tested at least one time per month to ensure the alert system is in working order; and (4) is equipped with an independent video surveillance system that allows at least two members of a fire department to monitor inside the newborn safety device at all times. Provides that a person who in good faith voluntarily leaves a child in a newborn safety device located at such a facility or fire station is not obligated to disclose the parent's name or the person's name. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Residency of police officers and firefighters.. Description: Residency of police officers and firefighters. Revises residency requirements for members of police and fire departments to require that members: (1) have adequate means of transportation into the jurisdiction served by the member's department; and (2) maintain telephone service to communicate with the department.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Military award license plates.. Description: Military award license plates. Provides that the surviving spouse of a Purple Heart recipient may retain the Purple Heart specialty license plate as long as the surviving spouse does not remarry. Specifies that the surviving spouse is not eligible to receive a modified disability registration plate. Establishes the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal specialty license plate.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Sudden cardiac arrest of students.. Description: Sudden cardiac arrest of students. Provides that sudden cardiac arrest information sheets currently required to be provided by each school corporation, charter school, or state accredited nonpublic school to a parent of an applicable student must include: (1) the nature and warning signs of sudden cardiac arrest; and (2) information about electrocardiogram testing. Adds definition of "applicable student". Makes changes to the definition of "athletic activity". Provides that the department of education (department) must maintain guidelines, information sheets, or forms on the department's Internet web site. Provides that, if an applicable student is suspected, as determined by a game official, coach from the student athlete's team, certified athletic trainer, marching band leader, physician assistant, advanced practice registered nurse, licensed physician, or other official designated by the student athlete's school entity, of experiencing a symptom of sudden cardiac arrest in a practice for an athletic activity or in an athletic activity, the applicable student shall be removed from practice or play at the time that the symptom is identified. (Current law provides that, if a student athlete is suspected of experiencing a symptom of sudden cardiac arrest in a practice for an athletic activity or in an athletic activity, the student athlete shall be removed from practice or play at the time that the symptom is identified.) Allows a licensed athletic trainer, physician assistant, or advanced practice registered nurse to evaluate whether an applicable student is experiencing a symptom of sudden cardiac arrest. Requires that an applicable student may not return to practice or play until the coach, marching band leader, or other official designated by the applicable student's school entity has: (1) provided information to the applicable student's parent about sudden cardiac arrest; and (2) received verbal permission from a parent of the applicable student that the applicable student may return to practice and play. Requires a coach, marching band leader, or certain other leaders, in a manner and frequency determined by the state board of education, to complete the sudden cardiac arrest training course offered by a provider approved by the department. Provides that a coach, marching band leader, and certain other extracurricular activity leader who completes the course and provides coaching or other leadership services in good faith is not personally liable for damages in a civil action as a result of a sudden cardiac arrest incurred by an applicable student participating in an athletic activity for which the coach, marching band leader, or other leader provided coaching or leadership services, except for an act or omission by the coach, marching band leader, or other extracurricular activity leader that constitutes gross negligence or willful or wanton misconduct. Makes technical corrections (a legal guardian is included in the definition of a parent in IC 20).
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Tribal-state compact.. Description: Tribal-state compact. Codifies the compact between the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians and the state providing for the conduct of tribal class III gaming.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recording requirements.. Description: Recording requirements. Amends the requirements for instruments and conveyances to be recorded. Adds instances in which an instrument is considered validly recorded for purposes of providing constructive notice. Defines certain terms.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Office of administrative law proceedings.. Description: Office of administrative law proceedings. Allows a petition for review of an agency administrative action to be filed by mail, personal service, or electronic mail. (Current law requires a petition for review to be filed by mail or personal service.) Provides that the filing of a document in an administrative proceeding is considered complete on the date of electronic submission if the document is sent by electronic mail. Allows the ultimate authority of an agency to request that the office of administrative law proceedings (office) review a motion to disqualify an administrative law judge. Allows the department of child services to request that the office conduct administrative proceedings on certain administrative actions related to child support and certain substantiated reports of child abuse or neglect. Requires the office to maintain confidentiality in administrative proceedings concerning actions by the department of child services.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Courts and magistrates.. Description: Courts and magistrates. Adds a superior court in Hamilton County. Provides that the first judge of Hamilton superior court No. 7 shall: (1) be elected at the November 2022 general election; (2) take office January 1, 2023; and (3) serve a term of six years. Allows the judges of the Decatur circuit and superior courts to jointly appoint a magistrate to serve the Decatur County courts. Allows the judges of the Huntington circuit and superior courts to jointly appoint a magistrate to serve the Huntington County courts. Allows the judge of the Lake superior court division No. 4 to appoint a magistrate to serve the Lake superior court division No. 4. Allows the Marion County superior courts to appoint 27 full-time magistrates after December 31, 2021, not more than 14 of whom may be from the same political party. Removes the sixth circuit court in Delaware County. Provides a full-time magistrate for Hancock County.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Fire protection territories.. Description: Fire protection territories. Provides that the procedure for adopting an ordinance or resolution to establish a fire protection territory (territory) applies to expanding an existing territory. Provides that an ordinance or resolution establishing or expanding a territory must include an agreement as to the disposition of the territory's property when a participating unit withdraws or the territory is dissolved. Specifies that with regard to an ordinance or resolution to establish or expand a territory, the unit must hold three separate public hearings to hear public comment regarding the proposed territory before adoption of the ordinance or resolution, with the last public hearing held not later than 10 days before the ordinance or resolution is adopted. Establishes residency requirements for members of a joint executive board of a territory.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Standing in solidarity with Indiana's Jewish community.. Description: Standing in solidarity with Indiana's Jewish community.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Local or regional justice reinvestment advisory councils.. Description: Local or regional justice reinvestment advisory councils. Establishes a local or regional justice reinvestment advisory council (local or regional advisory council) in each county in Indiana. Provides that the purpose of a local or regional advisory council is to review local or regional criminal justice systems, policies, and procedures. Provides that the justice reinvestment advisory council shall assist local or regional advisory councils with promoting: (1) the use of evidence based practices; and (2) certain best practices of community based alternatives and recidivism reduction programs. Sets forth duties of local or regional advisory councils.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Personal delivery devices.. Description: Personal delivery devices. Provides that a personal delivery device may operate in Indiana under certain circumstances, but may not operate on portions of any state route, U.S. route, or interstate highway comprising the state highway system located in a municipality. Requires a personal delivery device operator to maintain certain levels of insurance coverage. Provides that a personal delivery device is exempt from motor vehicle licensing and registration requirements. Provides that a political subdivision may participate in the regulation of personal delivery devices. Provides that local governments shall not be required to make or pay for infrastructure improvements for the purpose of better accommodating personal delivery devices. Provides that a political subdivision may not enact or enforce an ordinance or resolution relating to: (1) the design, manufacture, maintenance, certification, licensing, registration, taxation, assessment, or insurance of a personal delivery device; or (2) the types of property that may be transported by a personal delivery device.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Child operated refreshment stands.. Description: Child operated refreshment stands. Provides that a local health department, the health and hospital corporation, a county, a municipality, or a township may not adopt or enforce a law, rule, ordinance, or resolution that prohibits or regulates, including by requiring a license, permit, or fee, the sale of lemonade or other nonalcoholic beverages from a stand on private property or in a public park by an individual who is less than 18 years of age. Provides that the individual who operates the stand must comply with certain requirements. Provides that a stand is not considered a food establishment and does not require a certified food protection manager. Provides that the governing documents of a homeowners association may not prohibit or regulate, including by requiring a permit or fee, the sale of lemonade or other nonalcoholic beverages from a stand on property located in the subdivision by an individual who is less than 18 years of age. Provides that a homeowners association: (1) does not owe a duty of care to persons participating in a beverage sale; and (2) is not liable for any injury to persons participating in a beverage sale; except for willful or wanton acts or gross negligence of the homeowners association.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Practice of dentistry; virtual claim payments.. Description: Practice of dentistry; virtual claim payments. Amends the definition of dentistry. Provides that a dentist may order and administer an immunization that is recommended by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices for individuals who are not less than eleven years of age, if the dentist: (1) is certified in cardiopulmonary resuscitation; (2) has successfully completed a course of training in immunization that meets specified requirements; and (3) administers the immunization in accordance with a protocol that includes specified requirements and procedures. Prescribes reporting requirements for a dentist who administers an immunization. Provides that a dentist: (1) is not required to administer immunizations; and (2) is not required to complete immunization training if the dentist chooses not to administer immunizations. Provides that a health insurance plan, including a health management organization contract, may not require a dental provider to accept payment under the health insurance plan by virtual claim payment. Requires a health insurer, including a health maintenance organization, to do the following before providing payment to a dental provider by electronic funds transfer, including by virtual claim payment: (1) Notify the dental provider of fees associated with the electronic funds transfer. (2) Advise, concerning virtual claim payments, the dental provider of the methods of payment available under the health insurance plan and provide clear instructions to the dental provider as to how to select an alternate payment method.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: High tech crimes unit program.. Description: High tech crimes unit program. Establishes the high tech crimes unit fund for the purpose of establishing up to 10 high tech crimes units that collectively represent the north, south, east, west, and central geographic areas of Indiana to enhance the ability of prosecuting attorneys to investigate, collect evidence, and prosecute high tech crimes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Technical corrections.. Description: Technical corrections. Resolves technical conflicts and addresses technical errors in the Indiana Code. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the code revision commission.)
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Alcohol matters.. Description: Alcohol matters. Removes the requirements that: (1) an oil refinery be located within a municipal lakefront development project; and (2) a municipal lakefront development project must be funded in part with local, state, and federal money. Requires the alcohol and tobacco commission (commission) to provide notice to the city or town council and the mayor's office of the city or town in which a municipal lakefront development is located of certain hearings. Requires the commission to post signs indicating when and where certain hearings will take place.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Remembering 1950 Madison High School basketball champions, Mr. Donald L. McCauley and Mr. Spencer J. Schnaitter.. Description: Remembering 1950 Madison High School basketball champions, Mr. Donald L. McCauley and Mr. Spencer J. Schnaitter.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Trespassing and aggressive harassment.. Description: Trespassing and aggressive harassment. Establishes the low barrier homeless task force. Provides that a person commits the offense of criminal trespass if: (1) the person, who does not have a contractual interest in the property, knowingly or intentionally enters or refuses to leave the property of another person after having been prohibited from entering or asked to leave the property by a law enforcement officer when the property is designated by a municipality or county enforcement authority to be an unsafe building or premises; or (2) the person knowingly or intentionally enters the property of another person after being denied entry by a court order that has been issued to the person or issued to the general public by conspicuous posting on or around the premises in areas where a person can observe the order when the property has been designated by a municipality or county enforcement authority to be an unsafe building or premises; unless the person has the written permission of the owner, the owner's agent, an enforcement authority, or a court to come onto the property for purposes of performing maintenance, repair, or demolition. Provides that an individual who harasses another person with the intent to obtain property from the other person commits aggressive harassment, a Class C misdemeanor. Defines "harasses". Repeals the chapter concerning panhandling.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Criminal penalties.. Description: Criminal penalties. Provides that a person who uses a vehicle to commit the offense of resisting law enforcement or interfering with public safety, and has a prior conviction for either offense that involved the use of a vehicle, commits a Level 5 felony.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Daycare licensure exemption in declared emergency.. Description: Daycare licensure exemption in declared emergency. Exempts from day care licensure requirements a child care program that: (1) is operated by a public or private organization under a contract with a public or private school; (2) serves children who are enrolled in a public or private school in grades kindergarten through 12, or in a preschool program offered by the public or private school; and (3) serves children who are: (A) attending school through remote or e-learning due to a disaster emergency; or (B) participating in a learning recovery program that administers an assessment to measure student learning loss and provides Indiana academic standards aligned instruction.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Home based vendors.. Description: Home based vendors. Beginning January 1, 2022, allows a home based vendor's food products to be: (1) sold in person or by telephone or the Internet; and (2) delivered by the vendor or a third party carrier to the end consumer. Requires the state department of health, the Indiana state board of animal health, and the Indiana state department of agriculture, in consultation with industry groups and food safety experts, to submit recommendations concerning home based vendors to the general assembly.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: INSPECT program reporting.. Description: INSPECT program reporting. Provides that a dispenser who is also authorized to prescribe ephedrine, pseudoephedrine, or a controlled substance is required only to report to the Indiana scheduled prescription electronic collection and tracking (INSPECT) program actual dispensations within 24 hours of the dispensation.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Small claims court procedures.. Description: Small claims court procedures. Provides that a small claims court has jurisdiction over claims that do not exceed $10,000.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Highway extension and research program.. Description: Highway extension and research program. Provides that local officials are required to attend any school or course conducted for local officials within the first two years of their initial term, but may (rather than shall) attend any school or course conducted for local officials after initial attendance. Provides that the county fiscal body shall appropriate sufficient funds to pay local officials a per diem for expenses for each day or part of a day the member is in attendance at any school or course conducted for local officials, and mileage at a rate determined by the county fiscal body for each mile traveled to attend the school.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Mr. Jimmy Proctor.. Description: Honoring Mr. Jimmy Proctor.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Interfering with public safety.. Description: Interfering with public safety. Provides that a person who enters a marked off area after having been denied entry by a firefighter commits interfering with public safety. (Under current law, the offense is committed only if the person is denied entry by an emergency medical services provider or a law enforcement officer.) Increases the penalty for obstruction of traffic under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Mobile integrated healthcare programs and safety plans.. Description: Mobile integrated healthcare programs and safety plans. Specifies that an individualized mental health safety plan includes information concerning a patient's physical health. Allows a mobile integrated healthcare program or a mental health community paramedicine program to provide certain services to help facilitate the patient's safe transition back into the community upon disclosure of a patient's individualized mental health safety plan. Allows a representative of a mobile integrated healthcare program or a representative of a mental health community paramedicine program to request a patient's individualized mental health safety plan from a psychiatric crisis center, psychiatric inpatient unit, or psychiatric residential treatment provider if certain conditions are met.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Food purchases from agricultural  programs.. Description: Food purchases from agricultural  programs. Provides that a public school or school corporation may purchase up to $7,500 of food per fiscal year from a youth agricultural education program, subject to certain restrictions and documentation requirements. Provides that the public school or school corporation is not prohibited from purchasing food from a youth agricultural education program under any other procurement requirements.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Judicial nominating commission.. Description: Judicial nominating commission. Makes certain changes to the election procedures for the attorney commissioners of the judicial nominating commission.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Legislative oversight of certain fiscal and emergency matters.. Description: Legislative oversight of certain fiscal and emergency matters. Specifies that the bill is severable. Provides that the general assembly may convene in an emergency session if the legislative council adopts a resolution making certain findings concerning a state of emergency declared by the governor. Specifies the maximum length of an emergency session. Provides that in an emergency session the general assembly may enact only bills relating to the agenda stated in the legislative council's resolution. Provides that the general assembly may adopt concurrent resolutions and each house may adopt simple resolutions during an emergency session. Establishes the legislative state of emergency advisory group. Creates the economic stimulus fund (ESF) for the deposit of all discretionary funds received by the state. Defines "discretionary funds" to mean federal economic stimulus funds received under federal legislation granting the state authority to determine the amounts and manner in which the federal economic stimulus funds may be expended. Provides that discretionary funds deposited into the ESF during a period in which the general assembly is convened in a regular session, an emergency session, or a special session may not be allotted or expended unless appropriated by the general assembly or reviewed by the budget committee. Provides that before discretionary funds deposited into the ESF during a period in which the general assembly is not convened in a regular session, an emergency session, or a special session may be allotted to or expended by a state agency or instrumentality, the allotment or expenditure must be reviewed by the budget committee. Provides that discretionary funds deposited into the ESF may not be expended, transferred, assigned, or otherwise removed from the ESF by the state board of finance, the budget agency, or any other state agency except as permitted under the provisions of the statute. Exempts federal economic stimulus funds obligated or expended before April 29, 2021, from the application of the statute. Provides that a violation of the disaster statute (IC 10-14-3) or an order authorized by that statute is a Class B infraction instead of a Class B misdemeanor.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Deceptive lead generation.. Description: Deceptive lead generation. Makes false, misleading, or deceptive advertisements for claims related to medical devices and legend drugs and certain other actions a deceptive act.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Mental health and addiction forensic treatments.. Description: Mental health and addiction forensic treatments. Removes a provision that allows a: (1) delinquent child's; or (2) person's; Medicaid participation to be terminated following a two year suspension due to certain adjudications or incarceration. Adds competency restoration services to the list of treatment and wraparound recovery services made available to certain persons in the criminal justice system. Adds competency restoration services to the list of services that qualify a person for mental health and addiction forensic treatment services. Adds: (1) recovery community organizations; and (2) recovery residences; certified by the division of mental health and addiction (division) or its designee to the list of organizations eligible for certain funds and grants from the division. Requires demographic data concerning race and ethnicity to be included in certain demographic research performed by the division.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Overweight divisible loads.. Description: Overweight divisible loads. Provides that a person who transports a vehicle or combination of vehicles with an overweight divisible load is subject to overweight divisible load permitting. Removes certain requirements regarding transportation of commodities. Provides that the department of transportation may not issue a permit for an overweight divisible load if the owner or operator of the vehicle has not provided the department of state revenue with full payment for the permit prior to transporting the overweight divisible load. Provides that the department of state revenue shall determine the extent of civil penalties for overweight divisible loads under certain conditions. Provides that the civil penalty for each permitting violation for transporting overweight divisible loads is not more than $10,000 for each violation. Provides criminal or civil defenses in certain circumstances. Permits the department to determine at an administrative hearing whether a civil penalty should be assessed or reduced pursuant to a defense. Provides that the department of state revenue may not assess a penalty on a citation for an oversize load after more than one year has passed from the date the person receives the citation. Provides that the costs for storage of an abandoned vehicle with a length of at least 30 feet may not exceed $2,500. Makes technical corrections. Makes conforming changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Unemployment insurance.. Description: Unemployment insurance. Clarifies provisions concerning the overpayment of unemployment benefits resulting from fraud or failure to disclose wages and the forfeiture of benefits or wage credits.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Elements of rape.. Description: Elements of rape. Provides that a person commits rape if: (1) the person engages in sexual activity with another person and the other person submits to the sexual activity under the belief that the person committing the act is someone the victim knows, other than the person committing the act, and such belief is intentionally induced by any artifice, pretense, or concealment practiced by the person; or (2) the person engages in sexual activity with another person and the other person has expressed a lack of consent, through words or conduct, to sexual intercourse or other sexual conduct.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Prohibition on microchipping employees.. Description: Prohibition on microchipping employees. Provides that the definition of an "employer" subject to the prohibition against requiring the implantation of devices includes the state or any individual, partnership, association, limited liability company, corporation, business trust, or other governmental entity or political subdivision that has one or more employees.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Strategic plan on dementia.. Description: Strategic plan on dementia. Requires the division of aging (division) to develop a strategic plan concerning dementia in Indiana. Requires the division to submit an annual report to the general assembly concerning the dementia strategic plan and the outcomes of implementing the dementia strategic plan.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various utility matters.. Description: Various utility matters. Exempts a contract for the lease of state property under which no state expenditures are required from provisions: (1) requiring certain disclosures and certifications by a prospective state contractor regarding violations of Indiana telephone solicitation and automated calling statutes; (2) regarding cancellation of public purchasing contracts due to lack of funds; (3) regarding state contractor use of the E-Verify program; and (4) prohibiting state contractor employment of unauthorized aliens. Establishes a calculation for determining nondiscriminatory, just, and reasonable rental fees charged by: (1) rural electric cooperatives; and (2) municipalities providing electric service; that own or control electric distribution poles for attachments to those poles by cable operators. Sets forth rights and duties of pole owners and attaching entities with respect to: (1) unauthorized pole attachments; and (2) pole attachment transfers and relocations. Provides that the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC) may not require a communications service provider to: (1) file a tariff; or (2) report to the IURC any information that is: (A) available to the public on the communications service provider's Internet web site; (B) filed with the FCC; or (C) otherwise available to the public; except as required by the IURC to respond to consumer complaints or information requests from the general assembly. Makes the following changes to the statute concerning permits for wireless service providers: (1) Amends the factors that must exist for a permit authority to prohibit the placement of a new utility pole or wireless support structure in connection with the construction, placement, or use of a small cell facility in areas designated strictly for underground or buried utilities. (2) Provides that neighborhood associations, homeowners associations, and homeowners may request to be notified of applications by communications service providers for certain permitted uses of the rights-of-way in those designated areas, in addition to requesting notice of applications for new utility poles or new wireless support structures (as provided under current law). (3) Sets forth a procedure by which a permit authority may elect to collaborate with a neighborhood association or a homeowners association to adopt neighborhood specific guidelines on the preferred location and reasonable aesthetics of new utility poles or new wireless support structures within the neighborhood association's or homeowners association's jurisdiction. (4) Provides that a permit authority may not impose: (A) a restriction on maximum height of a wireless support structure, subject to certain federal regulations and state laws; or (B) a requirement regarding minimum separation distances between wireless support structures. Provides that a tariff filed with the IURC by a communications service provider is effective upon filing. Provides that a communications service provider may access public rights-of-way under the control of a county or municipality to the same extent as a public utility. Provides that a video service provider is not required to provide the IURC with information describing the provider's programming, including the provider's channel lineups or channel guides. Exempts a political subdivision's disposal of property by sale, exchange, transfer, or lease of the property to a public utility or a communications service provider from certain provisions regarding disposal of property by a political subdivision. Provides an exemption to the public works law for certain work done by the employees of a conservancy district established for the purpose of water or sewage treatment.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Tax representatives and assessor competency.. Description: Tax representatives and assessor competency. Provides that certified level two assessor-appraisers and certified level three assessor-appraisers may serve as tax representatives under certain circumstances. Provides that a taxpayer may submit a written complaint to the department of local government finance if the taxpayer has reason to believe the assessing official failed to adhere to Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice or does not have the necessary competency to perform the assessment. Provides that notice of a taxpayer's right to submit a written complaint must be included on the taxpayer's notice of assessment or reassessment.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Electric vehicles and advanced technology.. Description: Electric vehicles and advanced technology. Establishes the electric vehicle product commission.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Cybersecurity incidents.. Description: Cybersecurity incidents. Requires the office of technology to maintain a repository of cybersecurity incidents. Provides that a state agency and a political subdivision shall: (1) report any cybersecurity incident to the office without unreasonable delay and not later than two business days after discovery of the cybersecurity incident in a format prescribed by the chief information officer; and (2) provide the office with the name and contact information of any individual who will act as the primary reporter of a cybersecurity incident before September 1, 2021, and before September 1 of every year thereafter. Allows the office of technology to assist a state agency with certain issues concerning information technology. Provides that if requested by a political subdivision, the office may develop a list of third party technology providers that work with the office. Requires a state educational institution to submit a quarterly analysis with certain conditions. Makes conforming changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Overweight truck permits.. Description: Overweight truck permits. Removes the list of commodities and the specific weight limitations for certain commodities from the definition of "overweight divisible load". Provides that the Indiana department of transportation (department) may issue an overweight permit for transporting overweight vehicles and loads carrying resources on certain highways in the state highway system. Provides that a deviation from an approved route constitutes a violation subject to a civil penalty. Provides that not more than 8,500 single trip permits may be issued annually for applicants with a total equivalent single axle load calculation of more than 2.40 equivalent single axle load credit. Provides that the trip permit limit and trip weight limit do not include overweight divisible load permits obtained by shippers and carriers that obtained permits before January 1, 2021. Provides that the department may temporarily increase the number of overweight divisible load permits issued by order of the commissioner in response to an emergency or changes in market conditions. Provides that the department may limit the number of overweight divisible load permits issued to an individual applicant. Requires the department to adopt rules due to lack of transportation options for certain resources, supply chain interruptions, or supply dock backlogs. Provides that the department shall issue a report to the legislative council and the interim study committee on roads and transportation regarding the fee structure of overweight divisible load permits, and regarding the impact of overweight divisible loads on roads and highways by July 1, 2023. Provides that the department shall issue an annual report to the legislative council and the interim study committee on roads and transportation regarding market fluctuation in the number of overweight divisible load permits issued during the previous year. Provides that the Indiana state police department shall issue an annual report to the legislative council and the interim study committee on roads and transportation regarding the number of accidents involving applicants permitted for overweight divisible loads. Provides that a local authority may grant permits for transporting overweight divisible loads on local streets under the control of the local authority. Makes conforming changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Energy matters.. Description: Energy matters. Provides that a county executive or the legislative body of a city or town does not have the power to prohibit: (1) a public utility or department of public utilities from furnishing utility service to a utility customer; or (2) a customer of a public utility or department of public utilities from purchasing, using, or connecting or reconnecting to a utility service; based on the energy source of the utility service. Defines a "federal phaseout mandate" as any federal statutory or regulatory requirement that: (1) is established after April 20, 2021, by Congress, a federal agency, or a federal executive order; and (2) requires the phaseout or discontinuance of a particular type of electric generating facility, technology, or fuel source. Requires the utility regulatory commission to consider in the context of: (1) applications for certificates of public convenience and necessity for new generating facilities; and (2) integrated resource planning; the impact of federal phaseout mandates on the estimated useful life of certain generating facilities of an electric utility, including on depreciation expense associated with such facilities. Provides that, except for purposes of compliance with specified building and fire safety laws, a local unit does not have the power to: (1) require that a particular component, design, or type of material be used in the construction of a building because of the energy saving or energy producing qualities of the component, design, or material; (2) prohibit the use of a particular component, design, or type of material in the construction of a building because the component, design, or material does not meet an energy saving standard; (3) require that a building or structure be retrofitted with a particular device or type of material because of the energy saving or energy producing qualities of the device or material; (4) prohibit or restrict the purchase or use of vehicles based upon the type of energy used; or (5) prohibit the sale, installation, or use of: (A) natural gas powered: (i) home heating equipment; (ii) home appliances; or (iii) outdoor heating appliances, torches, lamps, or other decorative features; or (B) outdoor grills and stoves. Specifies that: (1) this prohibition does not apply with respect to requirements included in procurement documents used to procure goods and services, including the construction or design of buildings, to be owned or used by a local unit; and (2) a local unit may adopt bid specifications for a public works project that include energy savings or energy production provisions with respect to the components, design, or materials for the specific project.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Hoosier Spirit II designated state aircraft.. Description: Hoosier Spirit II designated state aircraft. Specifies that the P-47 Thunderbolt known as the Hoosier Spirit II is designated as the official state aircraft of Indiana. (Current law designates the P-47 Thunderbolt as the official state aircraft of Indiana.)
In 2021, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Adult and juvenile court jurisdiction.. Description: Adult and juvenile court jurisdiction. Provides that a complaint, indictment, or information for child molesting shall be filed in adult criminal court if the accused person: (1) was at least 14 years of age but less than 18 years of age at the time of the offense; and (2) is at least 21 years of age at the time of filing the complaint, indictment, or information. Provides that under certain circumstances an adult criminal prosecution for child molesting must be commenced not later than one year after specified information is discovered if: (1) the accused person was less than 18 years of age at the time of the offense; and (2) the evidence was discovered before the accused person becomes 21 years of age.  Provides that a court may suspend any part of a sentence for child molesting if the person: (1) was at least 14 years of age but less than 18 years of age at the time of the offense; and (2) was at least 21 years of age at the time of filing the complaint, indictment, or information. Requires a person who: (1) commits child molesting before the age of 18; and (2) who is charged as an adult after reaching the age of 21; to register as a sex offender, but permits a court to reconsider requiring the person to register at any time after the person completes court ordered sex offender treatment.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Driving privileges.. Description: Driving privileges. Provides that the bureau of motor vehicles (bureau) shall stay a suspension of a person's driving privileges, and terminate that suspension, upon a showing of proof of future financial responsibility, and provides that an individual whose suspension has been terminated because the individual submitted proof of future financial responsibility is not required to pay a reinstatement fee. Requires that the bureau terminate a suspension of a person's driving privileges if the bureau does not receive proof that financial responsibility is not in effect after 180 days. Provides that a suspension may be stayed and then terminated if a person fails to pay the judgment. Provides that a warrant may be issued for failing to appear in a traffic violation case if the charge is a misdemeanor or a felony. Provides that a person whose support obligation is enforced by the Title IV-D agency may have the obligor's driving privileges reinstated. Provides that the bureau shall place in forbearance license reinstatement fees of individuals who: (1) are nonviolent offenders; (2) have completed a criminal sentence or are serving terms of probation or parole; and (3) are enrolled in job training or maintain consistent employment for at least three years following completion of job training. Provides that the bureau shall waive all reinstatement fees and reinstate the driving privileges of an individual who has had reinstatement fees placed in forbearance after the individual maintains consistent employment for at least three years. Provides that the bureau, in collaboration with the department of correction, shall administer programs and activities to facilitate the reinstatement of driving privileges for convicted offenders not later than July 1, 2021. Extends the traffic amnesty program for one year to permit certain persons owing unpaid traffic fines, or who may be required to pay a fee for reinstatement of driving privileges, to obtain a reduction in the amount owed or amount payable.
In 2021, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Human trafficking.. Description: Human trafficking. Modifies the definition of "protected person" for purposes of the admission of a statement or videotape of an individual who is less than 14 years of age at the time of the offense but less than 18 years of age at the time of trial. Removes the requirement that money paid for a human trafficking victim or for an act performed by a human trafficking victim be paid to a third party, and specifies that a person commits the offense if the person knows or reasonably should know that the victim is a human trafficking victim.  Increases the penalty if the person knows or reasonably should know that the human trafficking victim is less than 18 years of age. Specifies that consent by the human trafficking victim is not a defense to a prosecution. Requires law enforcement agencies to report human trafficking investigations to the attorney general within 30 days after an investigation begins.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Emergency transport of injured operational canine.. Description: Emergency transport of injured operational canine. Provides that if there is not an individual requiring medical attention or transport, a paramedic, advanced emergency medical technician, or emergency medical technician may use emergency ambulance services to transport an operational canine injured in the line of duty to a veterinary hospital or clinic. Specifies the care that may be provided to the operational canine. Specifies who is responsible for the transportation and treatment cost of an injured operational canine. Provides that a paramedic, advanced emergency medical technician, or emergency medical technician who in the performance of their duties and in good faith renders care or transportation to an injured operational canine is not liable: (1) for any act or omission when rendering the care or transportation; or (2) to the veterinary hospital or clinic for expenses incurred for emergency care provided to the injured operational canine. Requires that a written agreement concerning the transport and care of an operational canine must specify what services are covered under the agreement.
In 2021, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Sentencing.. Description: Sentencing. Establishes a procedure to allows certain inmates in the department of correction (department) an additional opportunity to request sentence modification from the sentencing court if the department has recommended sentence modification. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various department of health matters.. Description: Various department of health matters. Provides that the state department of health (department) may officially be known as the Indiana department of health. Removes by July 1, 2022, appeals panels from the appeals process of department orders. Provides that the executive board or the department's designee may act as the ultimate authority for department matters under the administrative and procedures laws. Provides that the state health commissioner (commissioner) is the appointing authority and director of the department. Provides that any physicians employed by the department are governed by the state ethics commission's conflict of interest requirements. Allows the commissioner to designate in writing employees in the department who are licensed as a physician and may engage in the practice of medicine outside of their official duties. Provides that the state is not liable for any act performed by a physician employed by the department for any medical care provided to a patient by the physician that is provided in an individual capacity as a licensed physician. Removes the executive board of the department from determining the commissioner's salary. Provides that the commissioner's salary is determined by the governor and the state budget agency. Removes the executive board's approval for the commissioner to organize the personnel and functions of the department into divisions and subdivisions. Specifies that the state department of health may release certain information to an Indiana nonprofit entity that performs health data services for health care providers if specified conditions are met. Extends the expiration of the syringe exchange program until July 1, 2026.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: 21st century energy policy development task force.. Description: 21st century energy policy development task force. Reestablishes the 21st century energy policy development task force (task force), following its expiration on December 2, 2020. Provides that the task force consists of 17 members as follows: (1) Six members of the house of representatives, with four of those members appointed by the speaker, and two appointed by the minority leader. (2) Six members of the senate, with four of those members appointed by the president pro tempore, and two appointed by the minority leader. (3) The utility consumer counselor or the utility consumer counselor's designee. (4) The public finance director or the public finance director's designee. (5) Three members appointed by the governor, each of whom must have specified experience with respect to energy. Provides that: (1) one of the members appointed by the speaker; and (2) one of the members appointed by the president pro tempore; shall serve as co-chairs of the task force. Provides that an individual appointed to serve on the task force at any time before December 2, 2020, under the expired statute governing the task force may be appointed to serve on the task force after December 1, 2020, under these new provisions, at the discretion of the appointing authority. Provides that: (1) all meetings of the task force shall be open to the public in accordance with the state's open door law; and (2) all records of the task force are subject to the requirements of the state's public records law. Sets forth specific issues that the task force must study not later than November 1, 2022. Requires the task force to: (1) develop recommendations for the general assembly and the governor concerning these issues; (2) issue a report setting forth the recommendations developed; and (3) not later than November 1, 2022, submit the report to the executive director of the legislative services agency, the governor, the chair of the utility regulatory commission, and the utility consumer counselor. Provides that these provisions expire July 2, 2023.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Craft hemp flower and hemp production.. Description: Craft hemp flower and hemp production. Excludes craft hemp flower from the definition of "hemp product". Removes references to smokable hemp. Provides that the state seed commissioner may not adopt or enforce a rule that is more strict than required under federal law or regulation. Removes an exemption to a person who knowingly or intentionally grows or handles smokeable hemp without a license from the penalty of growing or handling hemp without a license. Repeals a law that requires that a hemp bud or a hemp flower be sold only to a processor licensed in Indiana. Provides that a food is not considered adulterated for containing low THC hemp extract or craft hemp flower. Creates contaminant testing and packaging requirements for the distribution and sale of craft hemp flower. Establishes penalties for selling or distributing craft hemp flower in violation of the requirements. Makes it a Class C infraction if a person knowingly: (1) sells or distributes craft hemp flower to a person less than 21 years of age; and (2) purchases craft hemp flower for delivery to another person who is less than 21 years of age. Provides that a retail establishment that sells or distributes craft hemp flower to a person less than 21 years of age commits a Class C infraction. Makes it a Class C infraction if a person less than 21 years of age: (1) purchases craft hemp flower; (2) accepts craft hemp flower for personal use; or (3) possesses craft hemp flower on his or her person. Provides that a person who, while a motor vehicle is in operation or located on the right-of-way of a public highway, possesses a container that contains craft hemp flower, and: (1) the container does not have tamper evident packaging; or (2) the tamper evident packaging has a broken seal; commits a Class C infraction. Provides that a violation is not considered a moving violation. Defines "craft hemp flower". Provides that craft hemp flower is not included in the definition of "controlled substance analog", "hashish", "low THC hemp extract", or "marijuana". Repeals the definition of "smokable hemp" and criminal penalties concerning smokable hemp. Makes conforming changes. Makes technical corrections.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Opioid treatment programs.. Description: Opioid treatment programs. Requires an opioid treatment program to obtain prior authorization from the division of mental health and addiction (division) for patients receiving more than 14 days of opioid treatment medication from an opioid treatment program unless otherwise prescribed by the division. Allows the state opioid treatment authority (authority) to: (1) take certain remedial actions; and (2) impose a civil penalty of up to $10,000; in response to certain violations concerning the operation of an opioid treatment program. Specifies that the authority may issue a civil penalty for each violation found by the authority. Requires the division to report certain findings to the general assembly not later than April 1 of each year. Requires certain information to be provided to the division for the purpose of completing specified reporting requirements.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Thirteenth check and $50 increase payment.. Description: Thirteenth check and $50 increase payment. Provides for a thirteenth check in 2021 for certain members of the: (1) Indiana state teachers' retirement fund; (2) public employees' retirement fund; (3) state excise police, gaming agent, gaming control officer, and conservation enforcement officers' retirement plan; (4) state police pre-1987 benefit system; and (5) state police 1987 benefit system. Provides for a $50 payment to members of the Indiana state teachers' retirement fund and public employees' retirement fund, and to participants of the state excise police, gaming agent, gaming control officer, and conservation enforcement officers' retirement plan.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Expiration of contact preference forms.. Description: Expiration of contact preference forms. Allows the contact preference form of a birth parent to expire on the birth parent's death. Eliminates the use of contact preference forms for adoptions finalized after June 30, 2021. Makes conforming changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Safe haven 911.. Description: Safe haven 911. Provides that due to extenuating circumstances, if a child's parent or a person is unable to give up custody of a child under the procedure set forth in Indiana's safe haven law, the child's parent or the person may request that an emergency medical services provider (provider) take custody of the child by: (1) dialing the 911 emergency call number; and (2) staying with the child until a provider arrives to take custody of the child. Provides that the emergency medical dispatch agency or the provider shall inform the child's parent or the person giving up custody of the child of the ability to remain anonymous. Provides that a provider, shall, without a court order, take custody of a child who is, or who appears to be, not more than 30 days of age if the child is voluntarily left: (1) in a newborn safety device that is located at an emergency medical services station; or (2) with medical staff after delivery in a hospital or other medical facility when the child's parent notifies the medical staff that the parent is voluntarily relinquishing the child. Allows a child's parent to remain anonymous if the child is voluntarily relinquished in a hospital or other medical facility after delivery of the child. Provides that an emergency medical services station is immune from civil liability for an act or omission relating to the operation of the newborn safety device.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Lien removal fees.. Description: Lien removal fees. Provides that a political subdivision is required to pay a $25 fee to a county recorder for the recording of a release of a lien or liens held by the political subdivision on a parcel: (1) for which a certificate of sale is sold; or (2) that is disposed of by a political subdivision; regardless of the number of liens the political subdivision holds on the parcel. Provides that if a county containing a consolidated city has: (1) established a housing trust fund; and (2) adopted an ordinance authorizing a $10 recording fee per document for deposit in the housing trust fund; the county recorder may charge the $10 recording fee per document in addition to the $25 fee for the recording of a release of a lien or liens held by a political subdivision. Provides how a county recorder must deposit fees collected for the recording of a release of a lien or liens held by a political subdivision.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Northeast Indiana development commission.. Description: Northeast Indiana development commission. Establishes the northeast Indiana strategic development commission (commission) as a body corporate and politic. Provides for appointment of members of the commission. Specifies the purposes of the commission.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Deputy Chief Keene L. Red Elk upon his retirement.. Description: Honoring Deputy Chief Keene L. Red Elk upon his retirement.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Auto dealer services.. Description: Auto dealer services. Amends the definition of the term "manufacturer" to exclude off-road vehicle manufacturers. Amends the term "transport operator" to remove Indiana dealers. Adds transport operators to the term "dealer owner". Defines the term "watercraft dealer". Provides that certain restrictions of use and the required displays of license plates do not apply to tractors, dump trucks, trucks with a rear-mounted forklift, or trucks with a mechanism to carry a rear-mounted forklift or implement. Provides the manner in which transport operators are to replace license plates or registration cards. Reorganizes and amends the transport operator license plate statutes. Provides that the motor vehicle sales advisory board shall be made up of at least six but not more than 11 persons appointed by the governor upon the recommendation of the secretary of state. Establishes that the majority of the current members of the motor vehicle sales advisory board constitutes a quorum for doing business. Provides that offsite sales do not include: (1) manufactured homes within manufactured home communities; (2) manufactured homes already located within manufactured home communities or to be installed in a manufactured home community; and (3) sales made by a dealer that owns and operates a manufactured home community. Establishes that a franchisor is not considered to be competing unfairly or in violation of the law if operating: (1) a business for less than two years; (2) in a bona fide retail operation that is for sale to any qualified independent person at a fair and reasonable price; or (3) in a bona fide relationship in which an independent person has made a significant investment subject to loss in the business operation and can reasonably expect to acquire majority ownership or managerial control of the business on reasonable terms and conditions. Provides that the secretary of state may condition or limit a dealer license, transport operator, or endorsement application if it is in the best interest of the public. Establishes certain requirements for transport operators. Provides that a dealer that is injured by an unfair practice may file a request for declaratory judgment. Makes certain changes to the expiration dates for dealer license plates. Provides that dealers may deliver a motor vehicle to a location other than the dealer's licensed location under certain conditions.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Child care provider notice.. Description: Child care provider notice. Allows the division of family resources (division) to send certain notices to: (1) an applicant for licensure as a child care center, licensure as a child care home, or registration as a child care ministry; and (2) a licensed child care center, a licensed child care home, and a registered child care ministry; by electronic mail instead of by certified mail. Requires: (1) an applicant for licensure as a child care center, licensure as a child care home, or registration as a child care ministry to provide a current and valid electronic mail address to the division in the application; and (2) a licensed child care center, a licensed child care home, and a registered child care ministry to maintain the provided electronic mail address for the duration of the licensure or registration.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Probate and guardianship matters.. Description: Probate and guardianship matters. Removes conflicts between probate and guardianship statutes regarding classification of claims. Requires, for purposes of the power of attorney act, that a principal may not be a minor. Creates a tenant's representative for a deceased tenant or a tenant who is under a guardianship and specifies who may accept an appointment as a tenant's representative. Protects the proceeds from the sale of real property where no estate administration has been opened within five months of the decedent's date of death from claims of all creditors. Lists the claims having priority and preference in certain circumstances. Makes a technical correction between SEA 276 and HB 1252.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Probate and property matters.. Description: Probate and property matters. Provides that a testator may execute a will in two or more counterparts. Specifies certain requirements for a will executed in two or more counterparts. Provides that a self-proving clause may be incorporated into or affixed to a will. Specifies certain requirements for self-proving clauses and wills. Specifies that certain photographic, video, and audio evidence may be used as evidence with respect to the execution of a will. Exempts a will from the need for a recertification or a reexecution in certain instances. Specifies certain requirements concerning the execution of an electronic will. Allows an attorney or paralegal to supervise the execution of an electronic will. Exempts electronic wills from the need for recertification or reexecution in certain instances. Specifies that certain photographic, video, and audio evidence may be used as evidence with respect to the execution of an electronic will. Specifies certain requirements concerning the execution of a power of attorney. Allows a power of attorney to be executed in two or more counterparts. Specifies certain requirements for the execution of a power of attorney in two or more counterparts. Allows a self-proving clause to be incorporated into or affixed to a power of attorney. Specifies certain requirements for self-proving clauses incorporated into or affixed to a power of attorney. Specifies that certain photographic, video, and audio evidence may be used as evidence with respect to the execution of a power of attorney. Provides that an electronically signed and notarized electronic power of attorney is valid if the electronic power of attorney complies with certain specified requirements. Specifies certain requirements for attesting witnesses involved in the execution of a
power of attorney or an electronic power of attorney. Allows a self-proving clause to be incorporated into or affixed to a power of attorney. Specifies that certain photographic, video, and audio evidence may be used as evidence with respect to the execution of an electronic power of attorney. Provides that certain persons are ineligible to sign certain trust instruments. Requires certain transfer on death conveyances to occur in the presence of a disinterested witness. Repeals certain provisions concerning mortgages, conveyances, and other written instruments that are executed in a foreign country. Repeals certain provisions concerning the affixing of a private seal or ink scroll on certain conveyances involving land or interests in land. Specifies certain requirements concerning land conveyances performed by attorneys in fact. Requires certain notarial acts to accompany the recording of certain conveyances. Requires an English translation for certain instruments, acknowledgments, and proofs when the original document is not in English. Repeals a provision concerning the recording of a conveyance, mortgage, or other instrument in a county other than the county where the conveyance, mortgage, or other instrument is required to be recorded. Repeals a provision concerning the recording of a conveyance that is acknowledged outside Indiana but within the United States. Specifies: (1) certain prerequisites; and (2) a certain form; for the recording of certain instruments. Repeals a provision concerning the receipt of an acknowledgment by a public officer. Specifies that an instrument's acknowledgment or proof is incomplete when an instrument does not include an accompanying certificate. Provides that the transcript of an instrument that is recorded without a certificate cannot be read into or received as evidence. Specifies requirements concerning electronic recording of certain instruments concerning real property. Requires county recorders to implement specified functions concerning the: (1) acceptance; (2) receipt; (3) indexing; (4) storage; (5) archiving; and (6) transmittal; of electronically recorded instruments. Specifies certain requirements concerning the recording of a paper or tangible copy of an electronic instrument. Repeals a provision concerning the acknowledgment of certain instruments and the performance of certain notarial acts for a person serving in the armed forces, merchant marine, or outside the United States in connection with a wartime activity. Repeals provisions concerning: (1) certain notarial acts; and (2) acknowledgments; and their respective uses as prima facie evidence. Repeals a provision concerning certain executed instruments and a failure to state the location of the instrument's execution or any accompanying acknowledgment, if applicable. Provides that certain notarial acts are considered to have been performed in Indiana when certain specified criteria are met. Requires a county recorder's office to provide notice of office closures that last three or more days. Defines certain terms. Makes conforming amendments. Removes sections that conflict with HEA 1056. Makes a technical correction.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Juvenile court jurisdiction.. Description: Juvenile court jurisdiction. Provides that a child who: (1) commits indecent display by a youth; or (2) commits dangerous possession of a firearm or provides a firearm to another child in certain circumstances; has committed a delinquent act subject to the jurisdiction of a juvenile court.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Gift certificates and store gift cards.. Description: Gift certificates and store gift cards. Provides that a person shall not sell or issue to an Indiana consumer any gift certificate or store gift card with an expiration date unless certain conditions are met. Provides that, with respect to a gift certificate or store gift card that is sold or issued to an Indiana consumer after December 31, 2022, if at any time after the gift certificate or store gift card is issued or sold: (1) the merchant for which the gift certificate or store gift card was originally sold or issued: (A) for any reason ceases to do business in Indiana; or (B) for any reason: (i) substantially changes; or (ii) ceases to offer; the types of goods or services that were offered to consumers at the time the gift certificate or store gift card was originally sold or issued; and (2) any expiration date: (A) authorized under the bill's provisions; and (B) applicable to the gift certificate or store gift card (or to the underlying funds associated with either) has not elapsed; the merchant for which the gift certificate or store gift card was originally sold or issued shall, upon the request of an Indiana consumer who is the rightful holder of the gift certificate or store gift card, promptly refund to the holder the balance of the underlying funds or provide the holder with the remaining balance in some other manner. Provides that a person that violates the bill's provisions: (1) commits a deceptive act that is actionable by an aggrieved consumer and the attorney general under the deceptive consumer sales act; and (2) is subject to the penalties and remedies set forth in the deceptive consumer sales act. Authorizes the attorney general to adopt rules to implement these provisions.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: School efficiency.. Description: School efficiency. Provides that, not later than October 1, 2021, the department of education (department) shall issue a request for information for the purposes of exploring potential opportunities to improve the efficiency of noninstructional school services. Provides that the deadline for submission of responses to the request for information may not be later than February 1, 2022. Provides that, not later than March 1, 2022, the department shall prepare a report based on the responses.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Return of lost pets to owners.. Description: Return of lost pets to owners. Requires an animal care facility to adopt policies and procedures that govern the return of lost or stray dogs and cats to the dog's or cat's owner. Provides animal care policies and procedures that an animal care facility may include to return lost or stray dogs and cats to the dog's or cat's owner.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Department of homeland security.. Description: Department of homeland security. Amends the administrative orders and procedures act to allow for an initial notice of determination to be served by electronic mail or any other method approved by the Indiana Rules of Trial Procedure. (Under current law, the initial notice of determination may be served only by United States mail or personal service.) Repeals provisions concerning the division of planning and assessment, division of preparedness and training, division of emergency response and recovery, and division of fire and building safety (divisions). Assigns all duties of the divisions to the executive director of the department of homeland security (department) or the department generally. Establishes a fire chief executive training program (executive training program). Provides that after January 1, 2022, a newly appointed fire chief of a political subdivision must successfully complete the executive training program within one year of appointment. Provides that a volunteer fire chief is not required to complete the executive training program. Provides that the department of homeland security may allow any of the following individuals to enroll in the executive training program if there is available space in the course: (1) A chief officer. (2) Management level personnel. (3) A volunteer fire chief. (4) A volunteer chief officer. (5) Volunteer management level personnel. Provides that an applicable high school shall comply with all rules of the fire prevention and building safety commission applicable to the primary use of the building. Provides that schools with one or more employees shall create an emergency operations plan regarding unplanned fire alarm activations.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Department of local government finance.. Description: Department of local government finance. Provides under multiple remonstrance provisions that the department of local government finance (DLGF) may either hold a hearing in the affected county or through electronic means. Provides that the state board of accounts is accountable to the legislative council. Defines the term "nonconforming" for certain property tax purposes. Provides that consent to receive notice of a personal property tax assessment via electronic mail remains in effect unless revoked during the preceding year. Replaces the term "railroad car company" with the term "railcar company" for property tax purposes. Provides that the DLGF may amend certain public utility assessment administrative rules to reflect statutory changes. Provides that the fiscal officer of a political subdivision shall provide the DLGF with a report of any annexations that took place within the county during the preceding year. Provides rules and procedures for school corporation budget adoption meetings and hearings. Provides that for certain actions taken by the DLGF on tax levies and budgets of a political subdivision, the DLGF shall certify its action to the: (1) state board of accounts; (2) auditor of state; and (3) department of state revenue; if the budget and levy of the political subdivision are being continued. Provides that 25 taxpayers of a political subdivision must sign a written request for certain public hearings on budgets, tax rates, or tax levies. Provides that a political subdivision shall include an appropriation for bond proceeds in its budget for the ensuing year. Provides procedures for the Goshen public library. Requires the county auditor of the county in which a political subdivision or school corporation proposes to impose property taxes to determine the: (1) estimated average percentage of property tax increase on a homestead to be paid to the political subdivision or school corporation; and (2) estimated average percentage of property tax increase on a business property to be paid to the political subdivision or school corporation. Provides a formula for making the estimated average percentage of property tax increase determinations. Provides that the DLGF may establish fair and reasonable fees for level three assessor-appraiser examinations and certifications. Provides that a parcel of land may not be included in more than one allocation area under several provisions going forward. Provides that a district that does not impose a levy under certain circumstances shall give notice of the hearing on the proposed budget and submit the adopted budget in the manner prescribed by the DLGF. Provides that the budget of a district that does not impose a levy may not be considered subject to review by the DLGF. Provides that for cumulative fund tax levy procedure purposes, if a cumulative fund that has been established in a prior year is not reestablished and the tax rate is not properly certified, the political subdivision may not increase a tax rate for the cumulative fund for the ensuing year. Provides that a political subdivision that decides to establish a cumulative fund must give notice in the form required by the DLGF. Provides that the DLGF is not required to hold a cumulative fund tax levy public hearing unless the petition expressly alleges that the political subdivision failed to comply with certain procedural requirements. Provides that after a political subdivision complies with the cumulative fund tax levy procedural rules, a property tax may be levied annually at the rate adopted by the political subdivision and certified by the DLGF. Provides that distributions from the financial institutions tax fund may be used for any legal purpose. Provides that a county's distribution of the commercial vehicle excise tax may be used for any legal purpose. Amends review procedures for conservancy district budgets. Provides that for education emergency loans and anticipatory warrants, a governing body may not increase the debt service fund levy to pay for the interest on the loans or warrants unless the loans or warrants have been issued, and the school corporation has received the proceeds from the loans or warrants. Provides that a governing body may not authorize an education emergency loan for the purpose of increasing the school corporation's property tax rate for the ensuing budget year. Provides that for temporary education loans, a board of school trustees, including an Indianapolis public school board, may not impose a levy to pay for the interest on the loans from a debt service fund unless the loan has been issued, and the school town or school city has received the loan proceeds. Provides that a board of school trustees may not authorize a temporary loan for the purpose of increasing the school town or school city's property tax rate for the ensuing budget year. Provides that a county auditor shall forward a list of disannexed lots or lands, as well as a copy of any annexation ordinance, to the DLGF not later than August 1. Provides for uses of revenue from the Henry County food and beverage tax. Extends the sunset date for provisions that permit certain political subdivisions to sell bonds at a negotiated sale from July 1, 2021, to July 1, 2023, and includes all counties, townships, cities, towns, and school corporations under those provisions. Provides that if a remonstrance or objection is filed or raised by an aggrieved person and the: (1) lands of the aggrieved person do not abut any other public way other than the public way to which a vacation petition applies; or (2) vacation of the public way would cause the lands of the aggrieved person to become landlocked with no other convenient or reasonable means of ingress or egress via another public way; the appropriate legislative body shall deny the petition to vacate the public way. Authorizes the town of Winfield and the town of LaGrange to petition the department of local government finance to increase its maximum permissible ad valorem property tax levy in 2022. Provides that if a substantial amount of real and personal property in a township has been physically destroyed as a result of a disaster, the county assessor shall order a reassessment of the destroyed property if a petition for reassessment is filed. Provides that a sale of aviation fuel is exempt from the aviation fuel excise tax if the aviation fuel is dispensed into an aircraft owned by a certified aerial applicator performing agricultural operations. Provides that money accumulated from the Marshall County additional tax rate for criminal justice facilities, after the tax imposed is terminated, shall be transferred to the county jail fund to be established by the county auditor. Provides that funds accumulated from the Perry County additional rate for county jail and related buildings after: (1) the redemption of bonds issued; or (2) the final payment of lease rentals due; shall be transferred to the county jail operations fund to be used for financing the maintenance and operations of the Perry County detention center. Provides that $2 from each marriage certificate fee collected shall be deposited in the clerk's record perpetuation fund. Increases the: (1) bailiff's service of process by registered or certified mail fee; and (2) cost for the personal service of process by the bailiff or other process server; from $13 to $15. Increases the amount that a political subdivision may transfer into its rainy day fund from 10% to 15% during calendar years 2021 through 2024. Expands the authority of municipalities to annex noncontiguous territory to territory that is occupied by a solar electric generating facility that is or will be interconnected to an electric utility owned by the municipality. Amends the definition of "economic improvement project" under the economic improvement districts chapter. Adds a provision relating to allocation of tax distributions with regard to fire protection territories. Provides that a qualified taxpayer that files an exemption application before September 1, 2021, will be considered to have timely filed exemption applications for various prior years.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urban agricultural zones.. Description: Urban agricultural zones. Provides that a qualifying farmer may apply to a designating body to have an area designated as an urban agricultural zone. Provides that the term "urban agricultural zone" does not include rooftop gardening or farming practices that occur on the top of a building or residential home. Provides that a designating body, before designating an area as an urban agricultural zone, must hold a public hearing and allow for public comment. Provides that a designating body may exempt lands located partially or wholly within an urban agricultural zone from property taxation. Specifies that a designating body may not impose a special benefit tax for public services provided to an urban agricultural zone, unless the designating body imposed the special benefit tax before it designated the area as an urban agricultural zone.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Bureau of Motor Vehicles.. Description: Bureau of Motor Vehicles. Provides that the bureau of motor vehicles (bureau) shall remit certain taxes not more than 21 days after the collection of the tax. Provides that in the first year an amended surtax or wheel tax rate is effective, the prior surtax or wheel tax rate (as applicable) for the previous calendar year applies to vehicle registrations. Provides that the definition of "credential" includes any form of documentation in physical form or digital form accessible on a mobile device issued by the bureau. Changes the definition of a motor driven cycle to the current definition of a Class B motor driven cycle. Provides that the bureau of motor vehicles commission is protected by the Indiana Tort Claims Act. Expands the types of transactions that the bureau may perform on election day with priority given to credential related transactions. Provides that the bureau may no longer collect fees associated with Riverlink tolls. (Current law provides for the bureau to accept payments for Riverlink tolls.) Provides that temporary license plates may be displayed in the rear window of a vehicle, rather than affixed to the rear of the vehicle. Removes the requirement that the bureau report to law enforcement if a license plate or other proof of registration is lost. Provides that temporary delivery permits may be displayed on a vehicle in a manner determined by the bureau. Provides that a person who becomes an Indiana resident and owns a watercraft must register the watercraft not later than 60 days after becoming an Indiana resident. Provides that a person who fails to register a watercraft within the 60 days after becoming an Indiana resident is subject to an administrative penalty of $15 and commits a Class C infraction. Provides that a motor driven cycle may not be operated unless the vehicle is registered as a motor driven cycle. Provides that a holder of a leaner's permit may operate a motor driven cycle. Provides that the bureau may charge a fee of $25 for expediting certain credentials. Provides that the bureau shall suspend driving privileges or invalidate the learner's permit of an individual who is at least 15 years of age and less than 18 years of age in certain situations. Replaces the term "operator's license" with the term "driver's license". Requires that an individual who has completed driver rehabilitation training hold a learner's permit. Provides that an individual who has signed the application of a minor applicant for a permit or driver's license may subsequently file with the bureau, and be granted, a verified written request that the permit or driver's license expire. Allows the bureau to renew a learner's permit, rather than issuing a new learner's permit. Allows an individual to renew a learner's permit online. Provides that the bureau may approve third parties to conduct skills exams. Removes the provision allowing a licensed driver or an applicant for an initial or renewal driver's license, permit, or endorsement to appeal an action taken by the bureau to revoke or modify the person's driving privileges for medical reasons to the circuit or superior court of the county where the licensed driver or applicant resides prior to exhausting an administrative appeal. Requires individuals to complete driver's safety programs in certain instances. Requires the bureau to implement suspensions for an individual who fails to attend and complete required programs. Allows the bureau to contract with physicians to increase the number of reviewers for medical case files to support and provide recommendations on the revocation of a license for an individual with underlying health conditions. Removes the requirement for special groups to obtain 500 signatures when reapplying for the special group recognition license plate every 10 years. Decreases the number of days a new resident under 18 years of age is required to hold an out-of-state license to 60 days. (Current law requires that a new resident under 18 years of age hold an out-of-state license for 180 days.) Provides that courts must submit the probable cause affidavit in a form and manner prescribed by the bureau. Provides that the bureau shall not place any indication on certain credentials issued by the bureau of the vaccination status of an individual. Provides that the bureau shall not request information regarding the individual's vaccination status or proof of immunity when an individual applies for a credential. Provides that the bureau shall not maintain a data base regarding an individual's vaccination status or proof of immunity. Provides that the bureau shall not connect any bureau data base with any data base that tracks an individual's vaccination status or proof of immunity. Repeals the requirement to request a certificate of compliance for proof of financial responsibility if a motor vehicle accident occurred at least five years prior to the date the bureau receives the copy of the accident report. Provides that the bureau may enter into an agreement with the office of administrative law proceedings to conduct reviews on the bureau's behalf. Makes conforming changes.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Telehealth matters.. Description: Telehealth matters. Provides for a standard definition of telehealth in titles 12, 16, 25, and 27. Prohibits the Medicaid program from specifying originating sites and distant sites for purposes of Medicaid reimbursement. Changes the use of the term "telemedicine" to "telehealth". Expands the application of the telehealth statute to additional licensed practitioners instead of applying only to prescribers. Provides that veterinarians may provide telehealth services only when an existing veterinarian-client-patient relationship has been established. Amends the definition of "telehealth". Requires that the telehealth medical records be created and maintained under the same standards of appropriate practice for medical records for patients in an in-person setting. Amends requirements for a prescriber issuing a prescription to a patient via telehealth services. Specifies that a patient waives confidentiality of medical information concerning individuals in the vicinity when the patient is using telehealth. Prohibits certain health care policies that provide coverage for telehealth services from requiring the use of a specific information technology application for those services.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Water or wastewater service.. Description: Water or wastewater service. Allows a water or wastewater utility to extend service to a developed but underserved area without a deposit from customers if the extension of service will result in a positive contribution to the utility's overall cost of service over a 20 year period. Provides that the extension of service will be considered as resulting in a positive contribution to the utility's overall cost of service over a 20 year period to the extent that rates to be paid by 50% or more of the customers who could be served by the extension of service would enable the utility to fully recover the weighted cost of debt and depreciation expense attributable to the cost of the main extension for the extension of service. Provides that if a water or wastewater utility determines that an extension of service will not result in a positive contribution to the utility's overall cost of service over a 20 year period, the utility may require a deposit or other adequate assurance of performance from the customers to be served by the extension of service. Provides that if a property owner makes an improvement to the property owner's dwelling, the property owner is not required to upgrade or discontinue use of the property's septic tank soil absorption system or to connect to a sewer system if the improvement does not include the addition of a bedroom or bedroom equivalent and the property owner receives a written determination from a qualified inspector that the septic tank soil absorption system is not failing. Provides that if a tract of land is located within the boundaries of a conservancy district established for sewage purposes, no structure located on the tract of land is connected to or served by the conservancy district's sewage service, the tract of land has been annexed by a municipality that will provide sewer service to the tract of land, and other conditions are met, the owner of the tract of land may petition the court that established the conservancy district for the removal of the tract of land from the boundaries of the conservancy district.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Criminal appeals.. Description: Criminal appeals. Provides that an order granting a motion to discharge a defendant before trial may be appealed to the supreme court or the court of appeals. Provides that the state may appeal an interlocutory order if the trial court certifies the appeal and the court on appeal makes certain findings.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Medicaid reimbursement for children's hospitals.. Description: Medicaid reimbursement for children's hospitals. Specifies the reimbursement rate for inpatient and outpatient Medicaid services that are provided by an out-of-state children's hospital located in a state bordering Indiana in state fiscal years 2022 and 2023. Requires budget committee review of the reimbursements provided to those out-of-state children's hospital. Requires the children's hospitals to provide information required in the review to the family and social services administration not later than August 1.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Municipal riverfront development projects.. Description: Municipal riverfront development projects. Provides that a municipal riverfront development project may include a project that borders a lake that is at least 750 acres and is completely within the boundaries of a municipality.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Pregnancy accommodation.. Description: Pregnancy accommodation. Allows an employee to request an accommodation for the employee's pregnancy. Requires an employer to respond to an employee's request for an accommodation within a reasonable time frame. Provides that a request for accommodation does not require an employer to provide an accommodation for an employee's pregnancy, or impose a duty or obligation upon the employer to provide an accommodation or an exception to the employer's policies unless existing federal or state laws require that an accommodation must be made. Prohibits an employer from disciplining, terminating, or retaliating against an employee because the employee has requested or used an accommodation for the employee's pregnancy.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Students with disabilities.. Description: Students with disabilities. Requires the Indiana management performance hub to: (1) use its data resources and technology to cross-reference with data bases of certain state agencies to identify certain former students with disabilities (eligible individuals); (2) coordinate with the state department of health to determine whether identified eligible individuals are deceased; and (3) provide the information concerning eligible individuals to the department of workforce development (DWD). Requires the state department of health to, not later than November 1, 2021, coordinate with the Indiana management performance hub. Requires the DWD to: (1) communicate with identified eligible individuals; and (2) provide to the eligible individuals a copy of a resource list concerning training and education opportunities and employment services resources. Requires the state advisory council on the education of children with disabilities (council) to annually update and submit the resource list to the department of education and the DWD. Requires the department of education and DWD to post a copy of the most recently updated resource list on the department's and DWD's Internet web sites. Requires the DWD, in consultation with the department of education, to prepare and submit an annual report to the general assembly and the council. Requires the state board of education to, not later than December 1, 2021, adopt rules to create an alternate diploma for students with significant cognitive disabilities.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recorded discriminatory covenants.. Description: Recorded discriminatory covenants. Permits a person to file a statement or notice that a recorded discriminatory covenant is invalid and unenforceable.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Loogootee High School girls basketball team.. Description: Congratulating the Loogootee High School girls basketball team.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the many accomplishments of Josephine Malone on her 100th birthday.. Description: Honoring the many accomplishments of Josephine Malone on her 100th birthday.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Planning and zoning.. Description: Planning and zoning. Provides that the legislative body (instead of the area board of zoning appeals) has final approval or disapproval of petitions for special exceptions or special uses (petitions) in a county that has an area plan commission. Provides that the transfer of authority to the legislative body does not affect a petition filed before July 1, 2021. Requires the legislative services agency to prepare legislation for introduction in the 2022 regular session of the general assembly to organize and correct statutes relating to the transfer of responsibilities. Provides that the advisory planning law does not authorize an ordinance or action of the advisory plan commission to prevent complete alienation of forests or agricultural uses outside the corporate boundaries of a municipality.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Human immunodeficiency virus.. Description: Human immunodeficiency virus. Replaces statutory references to "dangerous communicable disease" with "serious communicable disease". Replaces statutory references to "carrier" with "individual with a communicable disease". Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Assessment of utility grade solar projects.. Description: Assessment of utility grade solar projects. Provides that, for assessment dates beginning after December 31, 2021, the land portion of the fixed property of a utility grade solar energy installation facility shall be assessed at an amount that does not exceed the solar land base rate for the region in which the property is located. Provides that assessing officials shall follow the normal guidelines and procedures as are applicable under the property tax cap chapter. Provides a limited exception for certain utility grade solar energy installation facilities that were assessed on the January 1, 2021, assessment date. Requires the department of local government finance (department) to annually determine and release a solar land base rate for each region based on the median true tax value per acre of all land in the region classified under the utility property class codes of the department for the immediately preceding assessment date.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Remembering 1950 Madison High School basketball champions Mr. Donald L. McCauley and Mr. Spencer J. Schnaitter.. Description: Remembering 1950 Madison High School basketball champions Mr. Donald L. McCauley and Mr. Spencer J. Schnaitter.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Religious use property tax exemption.. Description: Religious use property tax exemption. Requires a sales disclosure form to include an attestation that a property transferred will continue to be used by a church or religious society for the same tax exempt purpose. Provides that a county assessor that reasonably suspects that property transferred is no longer being used by a church or religious society for the same tax exempt purpose may request articles of incorporation or bylaws to confirm the attestation included in the sales disclosure form. Provides that the request for articles of incorporation or bylaws to confirm the attestation must: (1) be made in writing; and (2) include a written explanation of the assessor's reasonable suspicion describing why the assessor believes that the property transferred is no longer being used by the church or religious society for the same tax exempt purpose. Specifies that the provisions in the bill apply to transactions occurring after December 31, 2021. Provides that when an exempt property owned by a church or religious society is transferred to another church or religious society to be used for the same exempt purpose, the transferee church or religious society is not required to file an exemption application with the county assessor. Provides that if the property remains eligible for the exemption, the exempt status carries over to the transferee church or religious society.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Permanent trailer registration.. Description: Permanent trailer registration. Defines "permanent registration" for purposes of motor vehicles. Provides that the owner of a trailer that weighs 3,000 pounds or less may apply to the bureau of motor vehicles (bureau) for a permanent registration for a fee of $82. Requires the owner of a trailer that applies to the bureau for a permanent registration to pay twice the amount of the surtax otherwise due when the owner obtains a permanent registration. Provides that the owner of a trailer that obtains a permanent registration is not subject to additional surtax payments.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Straight ticket voting.. Description: Straight ticket voting. Provides that the rules in existence for counting straight ticket votes apply to ballots cast on electronic voting systems and that the current rules apply to paper ballots and optical scan ballots. Requires the county election board to begin entering unofficial results canvassed by the county election board into the computerized list for statewide and legislative offices beginning at 8 p.m. on election night and continuing at stated intervals through the day after election day until the entry of unofficial results is completed.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various elections matters.. Description: Various elections matters. Defines "anomaly" and amends the definitions of "ballot label," "de minimis change," "electronic poll book," and "state office". Requires the entry of filing information concerning all candidates into the statewide voter registration system. Requires, for voting systems initially certified for marketing and use in Indiana after January 1, 2022, certain universally recognized symbols of a candidate's legal name to be displayed. Allows the secretary of state to provide parts and reports from the voter registration system information from the computerized list to law enforcement officials conducting an investigation if certain requirements are met. Requires election certification documents to be filed only through the statewide voter registration system. Provides that the precinct judge performs the duties of a precinct election sheriff under certain circumstances. Allows the cancellation of the registration of a deceased person based on a notice published by a funeral director or embalmer on the Internet web site of the funeral director or embalmer. Describes the process by which the name of an Indiana resident who has been imprisoned for conviction of a crime in another state is removed from the voter registration list. Provides that a person is disqualified from assuming or being a candidate for an elected office if the person is a nonjudicial court employee who would violate Rule 4.6 of the Indiana Code of Judicial Conduct by being the candidate of a political party for nomination or election to an elected office or a political party office. Makes changes to the formatting of nonpartisan judicial offices on the ballot. Provides that a candidate is considered affiliated with a particular political party for purposes of determining whether the candidate is qualified to be on that party's primary election ballot if the two most recent primary elections in which the candidate voted were primary elections held by the political party with which the candidate claims affiliation. (Under current law, only the most recent primary election that the candidate voted in must have been held by the political party with which the candidate claims affiliation.) Requires ballots to have precinct numbers or designations. Requires retention of electronic poll book information for the same retention period as other election records. Provides that ballot proofs be made available for inspection 67 days before the date of the election. Permits a county election board to authorize the use of absentee ballots by voters when a state disaster emergency is declared or a county disaster emergency is declared within 11 days of an election. Requires that an absentee ballot application requesting that an absentee ballot be sent by mail or by traveling board submitted to a county using the statewide voter registration system must include a telephone number to contact the applicant; permits the applicant to include the applicant's electronic mail address. Provides that if an application for an absentee ballot is denied, the county election board must provide the voter in writing with the reasons for the denial of the application. (Under current law, only absent uniformed services voters or overseas voters are required to be provided with notice of denial of an absentee ballot application.) Provides that, with certain exceptions, an individual must be a citizen of the United States to be permitted in the polls during an election and authorizes the secretary of state to grant exceptions. Authorizes a voter board visiting a voter with an illness or injury or a voter who is caring for a confined person at a private residence to use an electronic poll book. Specifies the procedure when a voter leaves the clerk's office or satellite office without casting the voter's absentee ballot for the vote to be cast by the absentee voter board. Specifies the requirements for the timing and security of the bipartisan initialing of absentee ballots. Increases the amount of time a voter has to vote in a primary election from three minutes to five minutes and the amount of time to vote in a general, municipal, or special election from two minutes to four minutes. Adds requirements for testing of voting systems before an election. Specifies the procedure requiring the reporting of problems experienced with voting systems or electronic poll books. Adds requirements for disposing of voting system units. Requires a voting system to contain features to ensure that unauthorized software has not been installed on the equipment, and to permit the electronic adjudication of voter intent on ballots cast using the voting system. Provides that any electronic device used to create a ballot file or program a voting system, or used with election management software, may not be connected to the Internet. Requires the Voting System Technical Oversight Program to conduct random audits of voting systems and electronic poll books in odd-numbered years. Requires a precinct election officer, in the case of a voter who casts a provisional ballot, or an absentee voter board, in the case of a voter who casts an absentee ballot that is treated as a provisional ballot, to provide both orally and in writing an explanation of the steps the voter must take in order to have the voter's ballot counted. Requires the election division to prescribe the form of the explanation. Requires the circuit court clerk to notify a voter who casts a provisional ballot not later than three days after election day concerning: (1) the reasons that the voter's ballot is being treated as a provisional ballot; (2) what actions, if any, that the voter must take in order to have the voter's ballot counted; (3) the deadline by which the voter must act to have the voter's ballot counted; and (4) certain contact information that the provisional voter may use to find out about the provisional voter's ballot. Requires that the notice must be in a form prescribed by the election division. Specifies procedures for the return of an electronic poll book or a voting system from the polls of the precinct or from the vote centers after the close of the polls on election day. Extends the deadline for filling a post-primary candidate vacancy from noon on June 30 to noon on July 3 and after July 3 in case of certain successful challenges to a candidate. Amends procedures for candidate filings to fill ballot vacancies in certain cases. Updates statutes setting schedules for upcoming elections. Repeals the current statute concerning the referral of a disputed ballot to a judge when a recount or contest has not been filed. Makes technical changes. Makes conforming amendments. Repeals obsolete provisions.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: School corporation disannexation.. Description: School corporation disannexation. Establishes a two year pilot program whereby the John Glenn School Corporation may initiate a process to disannex certain territory from an existing school corporation and annex the territory.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Firearms matters.. Description: Firearms matters. Effective March 30, 2022: (1) Repeals the law that requires a person to obtain a license to carry a handgun in Indiana; (2) Specifies that certain persons who are not otherwise prohibited from carrying or possessing a handgun are not required to obtain or possess a license or permit from the state to carry a handgun in Indiana; (3) Prohibits certain individuals from knowingly or intentionally carrying a handgun; (4) Creates the crime of "unlawful carrying of a handgun"; (5) Provides that a prohibited person who knowingly or intentionally carries a handgun commits a Class A misdemeanor; (6) Specifies that the unlawful carrying of a handgun is a Level 5 felony if a person: (A) is less than 23 years of age; and (B) has an adjudication as a delinquent child for an act described by IC 35-47-4-5 (unlawful possession of a firearm by a serious violent felon); (7) Allows a resident of Indiana who wishes to carry a firearm in another state under a reciprocity agreement entered into by Indiana and the other state to obtain from the superintendent of the state police department a reciprocity license; (8) Requires law enforcement agencies to make use of certain data bases when issuing reciprocity licenses; (9) Specifies the following fees for reciprocity licenses: (A) $0 for five year reciprocity licenses, and (B) $75 for lifetime reciprocity licenses; (10) Provides that a person who knowingly or intentionally exerts unauthorized control over a firearm of another person with the intent to deprive the person of any part of its value or use commits theft, a Level 5 felony; and (11) Allows for the imposition of an additional fixed term of imprisonment when a person knowingly or intentionally: (A) points; or (B) discharges; a firearm at someone the person knew, or reasonably should have known, was a first responder. Effective July 1, 2021: (1) Provides that the following must develop a process that allows law enforcement officers the ability to quickly access information about whether a person is a prohibited person who may not knowingly or intentionally carry a handgun: (A) The state police department; (B) The bureau of motor vehicles; (C) Local law enforcement agencies; and (D) Any other state entity with access to information related to persons who may not knowingly or intentionally carry a handgun; (2) Provides that the information made available to law enforcement officers must meet all state and federal statutory, constitutional, and regulatory requirements; and (3) Allows state entities to enter into a memorandum of understanding to ensure that all legal requirements are met. Defines certain terms. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: 2021 regular session of the general assembly.. Description: 2021 regular session of the general assembly. Specifies that the deadline for adjourning sine die for the 2021 session of the general assembly is November 15, 2021, and that the current deadline of April 29 remains in place for future long sessions. Provides that the regular technical session statute does not apply in calendar year 2021. Specifies the deadlines for signing enrolled acts and presenting them to the governor for bills passed after April 19, 2021, and before May 1, 2021. Specifies the following: (1) That the 2021 interim is the period beginning May 1, 2021, and ending November 15, 2021. (2) That for 2021, the prohibited period concerning fundraising activities is through April 29, 2021, rather than the date on which the general assembly adjourns sine die. (3) That the budget committee is required to meet at least once between April 30, 2021, and July 1, 2021. (Current law requires the budget committee to meet at least once in the two months following the general assembly adjournment sine die.) (4) The certification and distribution process for enrolled acts and the time frame for the process in 2021 will take place as usual. Provides that a redistricting commission is established to determine congressional districts if the general assembly adjourns sine die before November 15, 2021, without having enacted a law establishing congressional districts. (Current law refers to the adjournment of the general assembly without specifying an adjournment sine die or a particular date.)
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Certified public accountant examination.. Description: Certified public accountant examination. Requires a first time examination candidate for the certified public accountant (CPA) examination to have at least 120 semester hours of college education that includes an accounting concentration or equivalent. Requires a candidate for an initial issuance of a CPA certificate to have at least 150 semester hours of college education or equivalent and a baccalaureate or higher degree from a college or university that must include an accounting concentration or equivalent. Postpones the expiration of a noncode SECTION that was enacted in 2020 and that requires the board of accountancy to adopt certain administrative rules concerning the CPA examination. Voids a section of the administrative rules of the board of accountancy concerning the CPA examination and temporarily replaces that section of the rules with a noncode provision that: (1) allows the successor to the Uniform CPA examination to be administered to CPA candidates; and (2) eliminates the requirement that the four sections of the examination administered to CPA candidates be the four sections specified in the voided administrative rule section.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Commercial wind and solar standards and siting.. Description: Commercial wind and solar standards and siting. Establishes default standards concerning the following with respect to projects to install or locate wind power devices in local units: (1) Setback requirements. (2) Height restrictions. (3) Shadow flicker limitations. (4) Signal interference. (5) Sound level limitations. (6) Wind turbine light mitigation technology. (7) Required repairs to drainage related infrastructure. (8) Project decommissioning. Provides that a unit that has in effect on July 1, 2021, a wind power regulation that includes standards that are more restrictive than the default wind power standards set forth in the bill may: (1) continue to apply and enforce the unit's existing wind power regulation with respect to a proposed project; or (2) allow within the unit the establishment of a renewable energy district (RED) in which a proposed project will be located. Provides that a unit that has not adopted a wind power regulation may: (1) restrict, or impose conditions or limitations on, wind projects in the unit if the unit first adopts a wind power regulation that includes standards that are not more restrictive than the bill's default standards; or (2) allow within the unit the establishment of a RED in which a proposed project will be located. Provides that the bill's default standards for wind projects apply within the boundaries of a RED. Provides that a unit that: (1) adopts a wind power regulation that complies with the bill's standards; or (2) allows the establishment of one or more REDs in the unit; may impose a one-time construction fee for each wind power device included in a project application submitted to the unit after June 30, 2021. Provides that such a construction fee: (1) is payable by the project owner upon the commencement of construction of each wind power device; and (2) may not exceed $3,000 per megawatt of installed capacity. Establishes default standards concerning the following with respect to projects to install or locate commercial solar energy systems (CSE systems) in a unit: (1) Setback requirements. (2) Height restrictions. (3) Ground cover. (4) Fencing. (5) Cables. (6) Glare. (7) Signal interference. (8) Sound level limitations. (9) Required repairs to drainage related infrastructure. (10) Project decommissioning. Provides that a unit that has in effect on July 1, 2021, a commercial solar regulation that includes standards that are more restrictive than the default CSE system standards set forth in the bill may: (1) continue to apply and enforce the unit's existing commercial solar regulation with respect to a proposed project; or (2) allow within the unit the establishment of a RED in which a proposed project will be located. Provides that a unit that has not adopted a commercial solar regulation may: (1) restrict, or impose conditions or limitations on, commercial solar projects in the unit if the unit first adopts a commercial solar regulation that includes standards that are not more restrictive than the bill's default standards; or (2) allow within the unit the establishment of a RED in which a proposed project will be located. Provides that the bill's default standards for CSE systems apply within the boundaries of a RED. Provides that a unit that: (1) adopts a commercial solar regulation that complies with the bill's standards; or (2) allows the establishment of one or more REDs in the unit; may impose a one-time construction fee for each CSE system included in a project application submitted to the unit after June 30, 2021. Provides that such a construction fee: (1) is payable by the project owner upon the commencement of construction of each CSE system; and (2) may not exceed $1,000 per megawatt of installed capacity. Provides a project owner is exempt from any construction fee imposed by a unit with respect to: (1) a wind power project; or (2) a commercial solar project; if, at the time of application, the project owner demonstrates that the project owner has executed before July 1, 2021, a commercial offtake agreement with respect to the project. Amends the home rule statute to provide that the following apply to a wind power regulation or a commercial solar regulation adopted by a unit after June 30, 2021: (1) The regulation must be approved by the unit's plan commission. (2) Any procedures set forth in the regulation with respect to the permitting or approval process for the siting or installation of wind power devices or CSE systems in the unit must comply with the procedural processes set forth in the bill. (3) Any standards included in the regulation must not be more restrictive than the default standards set forth in the bill. Establishes Establishes procedures for establishing a RED within a unit. Establishes procedures for the permitting or approval process for the siting of wind power devices in a local unit that: (1) does not have a wind power regulation in effect after June 30, 2021; or (2) does have a wind power regulation in effect after June 30, 2021, and has opted to allow the establishment of a RED within the unit in connection with a wind power project. Establishes procedures for the permitting or approval process for the siting of CSE systems in a local unit that: (1) does not have a commercial solar regulation in effect after June 30, 2021; or (2) does have a commercial solar regulation in effect after June 30, 2021, and has opted to allow the establishment of a RED within the unit in connection with a commercial solar project. Provides that: (1) a project owner; or (2) certain other interested parties; aggrieved by the decision of a unit's permit authority with respect to a proposed wind project or a proposed commercial solar project may file a complaint for appropriate relief in the circuit or superior court of a county having jurisdiction. Provides that such a complaint must be filed not later than 30 days after the date of the permit authority's written decision.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Judicial officers.. Description: Judicial officers. Provides that a person commits battery on a public safety official if the offense is committed against a retired judicial officer while the retired judicial officer is serving as a judge, and allows a retired judicial officer to carry a handgun in the same manner as a judicial officer while the retired judicial officer is serving as a judge. Adds current and former probation officers and community corrections officers to the list of persons whose residential addresses may not be disclosed on a public property database website operated by a unit.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Civics education.. Description: Civics education. Requires, not later than July 1, 2022, the state board of education, in coordination with the department of education, to establish standards for civics education. Establishes the: (1) Indiana civic education commission; and (2) duties of the commission. Provides that each school corporation, charter school, and state accredited nonpublic school shall require each student to successfully complete in grade 6, 7, or 8 one semester of a civics education course. Provides that the civics education standards in effect on July 2, 2022, may only be changed by the express authorization of the general assembly.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Occupational licensure of military spouses.. Description: Occupational licensure of military spouses. Amends as follows the law under which a provisional occupational license may be issued to the spouse of an active duty member of the armed forces assigned to Indiana: (1) Provides that the law applies to the spouse of any active military service member, including a member of a reserve component of the United States armed forces or a member of the National Guard. (2) Eliminates a provision under which a military spouse applying for a provisional occupational license is required to submit to a national criminal history background check, and provides instead that a military spouse applying for a provisional occupational license must be determined by the appropriate professional board to not have a disqualifying criminal history if a national criminal history background check is required for the regulated occupation for which the military spouse seeks a provisional license.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacy benefit managers.. Description: Pharmacy benefit managers. Prohibits the inclusion of certain provisions in a contract between a pharmacy benefit manager and an entity authorized to participate in the federal 340B Drug Pricing Program. Provides that a pharmacy benefit manager's violation of the prohibition is an unfair or deceptive act or practice in the business of insurance.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Roncalli Football Team.. Description: Congratulating the Roncalli Football Team.
In 2021, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Various natural resources matters.. Description: Various natural resources matters. Provides that a taxpayer who completes the preservation or rehabilitation of a historic property and obtains a certain certification is entitled to a credit of 20% or $10,000, whichever is less. Repeals certain provisions related to commercial fishing. Provides that the natural resources commission (commission) may adopt rules to electronically notify the public of rules adopted by the commission. Removes the requirement that the director of the department of natural resources (department) send, to a person who has a license that is placed on probationary status, notice that includes a description of the amount of child support in arrears and an explanation of the procedures to pay child support arrearage. Provides that the Kankakee River basin and Yellow River basin development commission may request to schedule an onsite field review for a proposed activity concerning private and mutual drains of the Kankakee River or Yellow River. Provides that wild animal permits do not apply to: (1) zoological parks; (2) circuses or carnivals; (3) research facilities and universities licensed or registered by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA); and (4) organizations or persons temporarily housing a wild or exotic animal at the request of the department. Provides that wild animal permits also do not apply to commercial animal dealers, breeders, and exhibitors licensed by the USDA who only possess wild or exotic animals that do not require a license by the department. Provides that the department, department employees, and law enforcement officers are not liable for any damages caused by a permitted animal that escapes its enclosure and poses a threat to public safety. Provides that local floodplain administrators in counties having a population of more than 140,000 but less than 150,000 may issue a variance approving a structure located in a floodway without a permit issued by the director of the department if: (1) the structure is not used as an abode or residence; (2) the structure is constructed after January 1, 2018, but not later than July 1, 2020; and (3) the lowest floor of the structure is not more than 0.15 of a foot below two feet above the 100 year flood elevation. Provides that the department may impose and collect fees for regulating underground petroleum storage. Provides standards for contracts for the purchase of timber. Provides for damages in certain proceedings regarding the purchase of timber. Provides for additional violations of rules associated with timber buyers. Provides that timber buyers shall maintain complete and accurate records of certain transactions for five years from the date of the transaction. Provides for suspensions of timber buyers licenses for 90 day periods. Makes technical corrections.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverages and tobacco.. Description: Alcoholic beverages and tobacco. Provides that if any provision, or application of any provision, concerning the manufacture, importation, distribution, or retail sale of alcoholic beverages is deemed to be in conflict with federal law or unconstitutional, certain alcoholic beverage laws shall be construed to limit rather than expand the manufacture, importation, distribution, and retail sale of alcoholic beverages through a three-tier system. Provides a definition of "three-tier system". Defines the term "channel price". Allows a wholesaler to offer a channel price to a retailer if certain conditions are met. Amends the "entertainment complex" definition. Provides that the alcohol and tobacco commission (commission) has additional powers with regard to tobacco. Provides that certain references to alcoholic beverages in bottles include alcoholic beverages in containers. Modifies certain dates concerning alcohol retailer and dealer permits that are deposited with the commission and that may revert to the commission if the permit does not become active. Requires the disclosure of the names of the officers of a corporation or other entity applying for a permit in a published notice or Internet web site. Adds requirements for a permit holder when making an initial request for deposit of a permit. Eliminates Indiana residency requirements for retailers, dealers, and brewers. Provides that residential delivery by a beer retailer, liquor retailer, or wine retailer may only be performed by the permit holder or an employee who holds an employee permit. Requires a permit holder to maintain a written record of each delivery for at least one year that shows the customer's name, location of delivery, and quantity sold. Provides for "grab and go stores" that are accessible only by ticketed event attendees and provide self-service sales of alcoholic beverages in addition to sales of food and nonalcoholic beverages. Provides that certain provisions of the food master hall permit section do not apply to a food hall that: (1) is located in a certified technology park; and (2) operates in a certain type of building or complex of buildings. With certain exceptions, requires a permit applicant to provide the name and address of each person or entity holding at least a 2% interest in the permit and business. Removes the requirement that the department of local government finance consent to the continuation of a permittee's business by the permittee's heir. Requires a municipality to notify the chairman of the commission of any retailer or dealer premises annexed into the municipality, in order to ensure the correct distribution of excise funds. Allows the holder of a food hall vendor's permit and a retailer's permit who also holds a permit for a small brewery, a farm winery, or an artisan distillery to sell certain carry out alcoholic beverages at the retailer's permit premises. Provides that  a farm wintery may place wine in bottles or other permissible containers. Allows a farm winery to sell wine by the can. Allows a farm winery to transfer wine from a storage facility or certain locations.  Allows a farm winery to sell or transfer wine directly to a wine wholesaler. Provides that an artisan distiller may transfer liquor from a separate storage facility back to the artisan distiller. Allows an artisan distiller to sell or transfer liquor directly to a liquor wholesaler. Makes technical corrections and stylistic changes.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Technical training and workforce development.. Description: Technical training and workforce development. Provides that the governor's workforce cabinet may establish a course catalog that shall list all: (1) work based learning, preapprenticeship, and apprenticeship opportunities in Indiana; and (2) providers that are eligible to receive high value workforce ready grants. Provides that a high school may replace certain high school courses on the high school transcript with alternative courses in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics (STEM) in order to satisfy an Indiana diploma with a Core 40 with academic honors designation or another designation requirement.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: All payer claims data base.. Description: All payer claims data base. Amends the definition of "health payer" to except some policies of accident and sickness insurance. Establishes requirements for the development and administration of the all payer claims data base. Establishes the all payer claims data base advisory board (advisory board) and sets forth membership requirements. Specifies the duties of: (1) the advisory board; and (2) the executive director who oversees the operation of the data base. Requires the establishment of a fee formula for data licensing and claims data collection and release.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Insurance matters.. Description: Insurance matters. Allows the office of the secretary of family and social services to apply for a Medicaid state plan amendment to allow school corporations to seek Medicaid reimbursement for medically necessary, school based Medicaid covered services that are provided under federal or state mandates. Specifies possible services for Medicaid reimbursement. Adds physical therapy to the list of services for which a school psychologist may refer a student. Establishes the long term care insurance partnership program and requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to apply before September 1, 2021, for a Medicaid state plan amendment that would: (1) provide for the establishment of the new long term care insurance partnership program and the discontinuance of the current long term care program; and (2) ensure that an individual who purchased a qualified long term care policy under the current program will be eligible for an asset disregard even if the current program is discontinued and even though the policy was issued before the date of the state plan amendment, is not tax qualified, and does not meet the standards of Section 6021 the federal Deficit Reduction Act. Provides that if approval is not given for the state plan amendment, the new long term care insurance partnership program is not established and the office and the department of insurance shall study ways to improve the affordability and cost effectiveness of the current program. Requires an audit examining prescription drug cost sharing for the Medicaid program once every three state fiscal years. Provides that the county sheriff may receive reimbursement from a nonincarcerated person's health coverage for providing nonemergency transport of the person to a facility for a mental health detention. Requires a provider to provide the health records requested by a patient within 30 days after the date the written request is made, unless the provider seeks an extension of not more than 30 days and informs the patient in writing of the reasons for the extension and the date by which the provider will provide the health records. Prohibits the state or a local unit from issuing or requiring a COVID-19 "immunization passport" (a document concerning an individual's immunization status). Allows a nonprofit association of cities and towns to participate in the state aggregate prescription drug purchasing program. Adopts the physical therapy licensure compact. Provides that if a resident insurance producer completed more than 24 hours of credit in continuing education courses before the effective date of the producer's last license renewal, not more than 12 of the excess hours of credit for those continuing education courses may apply toward satisfaction of the continuing education requirement for the producer's next license renewal, subject to certain restrictions. Prohibits a pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) from: (1) imposing limits on a pharmacy's access to medication that differ from those existing for a PBM affiliate; or (2) sharing any covered individual's information, except as permitted by the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). Prohibits the inclusion of certain provisions in a contract between a PBM and an entity authorized to participate in the federal 340B Drug Pricing Program, with certain exceptions. Requires a PBM: (1) to update the PBM's maximum allowable cost list at least every seven days; (2) to determine that a prescription drug is not obsolete, is generally available for purchase by pharmacies, and is not temporarily unavailable, listed on a drug shortage list, or unable to be lawfully substituted before placing the prescription drug on a maximum allowable cost list. Provides that: (1) if a PBM approves an appeal concerning maximum allowable cost pricing, the PBM must notify each pharmacy in the PBM's network that the maximum allowable cost for the drug has been adjusted; and (2) if a PBM denies an appeal, the PBM must provide the reason for the denial and other information, and the appealing pharmacy or other entity may then file a complaint with the department of insurance (department). Also allows a contracted pharmacy or pharmacy services administrative organization to file a complaint with the department if it believes that its contract with a PBM contains an unlawful contractual provision. Provides that a PBM's violation of these requirements or prohibitions is an unfair or deceptive act or practice in the business of insurance. Amends code sections requiring an insurer to "deliver" or "provide" certain notices within a certain time period to make those sections provide instead that the insurer is required to "mail" the notices. Provides that if a party procures a policy of insurance through an online platform: (1) the party affirmatively consents to have all notices and other documents related to the policy delivered to the party electronically; and (2) other statutory prerequisites to the electronic delivery of notices do not apply. Provides that a merchant or other seller that acts as an agent for purposes of the sale of an auto service contract is not a person contractually obligated under the service contract by virtue of acting as the seller. Provides, as an exception to the general prohibition against rebates, that: (1) an insurer, an employee of an insurer, or a producer may offer and give gifts of limited value in connection with marketing of insurance and may conduct a drawing for prizes of limited value; (2) an insurer, through its employees, affiliates, insurance producers, or third-party representatives, may provide, for free or at a discount, products or services that relate to or are provided in conjunction with a policy and are exclusively intended to educate about, assess, monitor, control, or prevent risk of loss; (3) a person holding an insurance license may offer or provide, for free or for less than fair market value, services that are at least tangentially related to an insurance contract but are not contingent upon the purchase of insurance, subject to certain conditions. Amends the law requiring an insurer to provide 10 days' advance notice to the insurance producer who procured an automobile policy when the insurer intends to cancel or not to renew the policy to make the law applicable only if the insurance producer who procured the policy was an independent insurance producer. Requires the state department of health, in consultation with the department of insurance, the office of the secretary of family and social services, and the Indiana board of pharmacy, to submit to the legislative council a report concerning: (1) best practice guidelines in providing specialty drugs in a manner that ensures the patient's safety; and (2) information concerning any adverse events affecting the safety of patients resulting from the specialty drug protocols of a health carrier or hospital. Requires the legislative services agency to conduct a study of market concentration in Indiana in the health insurance industry, the hospital industry, and five other industries and to present the findings of the study to the combined interim study committees on financial institutions and insurance and public health, behavioral health, and human services, the legislative council, and the governor before December 31, 2022.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Proceeds from the sale of a capital asset.. Description: Proceeds from the sale of a capital asset. Authorizes a nonprofit foundation (foundation) established by a county to hold proceeds from the sale of capital assets to include in the foundation's investment policy statement a formal spending policy for: (1) a spending rate of up to 5% multiplied by a five year moving average of quarterly market values with the distributable amount for each year determined on a specified date; or (2) in the case of a foundation that was established less than 10 years ago, an interim spending rate of up to 5% multiplied by a moving average consisting of all available quarterly market values since the date the foundation was established. Amends provisions that apply to a foundation that is established to hold proceeds from the sale of a county hospital as follows: (1) Specifies that the county may transfer excess money it receives from the foundation's annual spend rate back into the foundation. (2) Provides that if the annual investment income earned on the principal of the foundation exceeds 5% in a calendar year, that amount is added to and considered a part of the principal of the foundation. (3) Requires the board of the foundation to establish one or more separate accounts in which the principal and income of the foundation shall be held and that are subject to the same requirements in current law for accessing the principal and income.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Religious Freedom Day.. Description: Recognizing Religious Freedom Day.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Economic development.. Description: Economic development. Provides that an interview or negotiation conducted between the Indiana White River state park development commission (commission) and an industrial or commercial prospect may be held as an executive session. Provides that certain records related to negotiations conducted between the commission and an industrial, research, or commercial prospect are exempt from public disclosure under the Access to Public Records Act at the discretion of the commission. Provides that application information declared confidential by the Indiana economic development corporation (IEDC) is exempt from public disclosure under the Access to Public Records Act. (Under current law, only application information relating to the Indiana twenty-first century research and technology fund is exempt from public disclosure if declared confidential by the IEDC.) Removes the responsibility of the governor to appoint a president of the IEDC and provides instead that the secretary of commerce is also the president of the IEDC. Requires the IEDC to post to a transparency portal on the IEDC's Internet web site: (1) final offer of public financial resources to which the IEDC is a party; and (2) reports submitted by the IEDC to the general assembly. Provides that the IEDC acts as the small business ombudsman. (Under current law, the IEDC designates a single IEDC employee as the small business ombudsman.) Amends the definition of "lender" for purposes of the capital access program. Provides that the chairman and treasurer of the commission serve until replaced by the governor or when the member's term expires, whichever occurs earlier. Provides that the executive director of the commission is the chief administrative officer of the commission and specifies certain duties and powers of the executive officer. Deletes language concerning the composition of the real estate commission.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Agricultural emergency procedures.. Description: Agricultural emergency procedures. Amends the powers of the board of animal health (board) to allow cooperation with animal owners and law enforcement to plan for, prepare for, respond to, and recover from all hazard emergencies in Indiana. Allows the board to delegate the duty to adopt emergency rules to the state veterinarian. Amends the board's emergency powers to take certain actions if an emergency event has occurred or a disease or pest in animal products presents a health hazard. Allows the board to issue emergency orders. Allows the board to facilitate the prompt disposal of animals in an emergency event. Provides that an animal may be buried on the owner's premises according to standards approved by the board. Allows the board to adopt rules restricting animal disposal methods in order to control disease and pests in animals and chemical or radiological substances. Allows the state egg board to adopt emergency rules when there is a declared emergency or sudden disruption that affects the commerce of eggs. Allows for service of notice in administrative hearings. Amends the authorization to use electrocution under the criminal statutes concerning offenses against animals.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various health care matters.. Description: Various health care matters. Provides that the state employee health plan statute does not prohibit the state personnel department from directly contracting with health care providers for health care services for state employees. Provides that if a woman who is in premature labor presents to a hospital, the hospital must inform the woman of the hospital's capabilities of treating the born alive infant and managing a high risk pregnancy. Sets forth requirements that a hospital must meet concerning: (1) a woman who is in premature labor; and (2) a born alive infant. Changes the date that ambulatory outpatient surgical centers are required to begin posting certain pricing information from March 31, 2021, to December 31, 2021. Specifies that the pricing information posted is the standard charge rather than the weighted average negotiated charge and sets forth what is included in the standard charge. Specifies that if an ambulatory outpatient surgical center offers less than 30 additional services, the center is required to post all of the services the center provides. Requires a hospital to post pricing information in compliance with the federal Hospital Price Transparency Rule of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services as in effect on January 1, 2021, if: (1) the federal Hospital Price Transparency Rule is repealed; or (2) federal enforcement of the federal Hospital Price Transparency Rule is stopped. Defines "health carrier" for purposes of the law on health provider contracts. Prohibits the inclusion in a health provider contract of any provision that would: (1) prohibit the disclosure of health care service claims data, including for use in the all payer claims data base; (2) limit the ability of a health carrier or health provider facility to disclose the allowed amount and fees of services to any insured or enrollee, or to the treating health provider facility or physician of the insured or enrollee; or (3) limit the ability of a health carrier or health provider facility to disclose out-of-pocket costs to an insured or an enrollee. Requires the department of insurance to issue a report to: (1) the legislative council; and (2) the interim study committees on financial institutions and insurance and public health, behavioral health, and human services; setting forth its suggestions for revising the department's administrative rules to reduce the regulatory costs incurred by employers seeking to provide health coverage for their employees through multiple employer welfare arrangements.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Political subdivision risk management.. Description: Political subdivision risk management. Requires the Indiana Public Employers' Plan, Inc. (IPEP), which was established as a domestic nonprofit corporation, to apply for a certificate of authority to transact business as a domestic tax exempt reciprocal insurance company. Provides that, when IPEP receives the certificate of authority and begins to transact business as a domestic tax exempt reciprocal insurance company, all powers, duties, agreements, and liabilities that IPEP had as a domestic nonprofit corporation are transferred to the domestic tax exempt reciprocal insurance company as the successor entity. Repeals and strikes provisions under which mutual insurance associations and reciprocal associations formed and operating for the writing of worker's compensation insurance are exempt from certain laws.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: State and local administration.. Description: State and local administration. Provides that, in an adjudicative administrative proceeding concerning an agency action, the administrative law judge shall order the agency to pay the reasonable attorney's fees incurred, if the party challenging the agency action proves, by a preponderance of the evidence, that: (1) the agency's action was frivolous or groundless; or (2) the agency pursued the action in bad faith. Make a conforming change to the determination of adjusted gross income for purposes of the state income tax deduction for unemployment compensation. Exempts certain hospitals from the nonprofit hospital public forum requirement. Specifies that an advance health care directive must be signed in the presence (but not the "direct physical presence") of two witnesses. Provides that local floodplain administrators in counties having a population of more than 140,000 but less than 150,000 may issue a variance approving a structure located in a floodway without a permit issued by the director of the department if: (1) the structure is not used as an abode or residence; (2) the structure is constructed after January 1, 2018, but not later than July 1, 2020; and (3) the lowest floor of the structure is not more than 0.15 of a foot below two feet above the 100 year flood elevation. Resolves conflicts.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Electronic meetings and signatures.. Description: Electronic meetings and signatures. Allows a member of a governing body of a political subdivision to participate in a meeting electronically subject to the following: (1) Requires the governing body to adopt a written policy establishing procedures for electronic participation. (2) Requires the technology to permit simultaneous communication between members and the public to attend and observe the proceedings. (3) Requires at least 50% of the members to be physically present at the meeting site. (4) Allows a member participating electronically to be counted for quorum purposes. (5) Provides that a member participating electronically may participate in a final action taken by the governing body only if the member can be seen and heard. Exempts governing bodies of state agencies that have a majority of members with disabilities from certain attendance requirements. Provides that if a statute requires a manual signature for attesting or authenticating an obligation issued by certain state and local public entities, an electronic signature has the same force and effect as a manual signature. Adds provisions applicable to state and local public agencies when a state or local disaster emergency is declared. Makes stylistic changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Course access program.. Description: Course access program. Makes various changes to the course access program (program) provisions, including the following: (1) Requires the state board of education (state board) to establish certain requirements regarding the program. (2) Establishes the duties of the state board and the department of education (department) regarding the program. (3) Establishes notification requirements for a school corporation regarding an eligible student who submits a request to enroll in a course access program course. (4) Amends a provision that establishes the reasons for which a school corporation may deny an eligible student's enrollment. (5) Provides that a school corporation may be authorized as a course provider if the school corporation meets the requirements for authorization. (6) Allows a course provider to appeal a denial to the state board. (7) Requires the department to approve a civics course access program course that meets certain requirements. (8) Provides that: (A) a school corporation that is an authorized course provider shall provide to the department and post on the school corporation's Internet web site certain information regarding open slots in an online course access program course; and (B) the department shall post the information for each school corporation on the department's Internet web site.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Full faith and credit for tribal court orders.. Description: Full faith and credit for tribal court orders. Requires that, under certain circumstances, a court of record in Indiana shall give full faith and credit to judgments and orders of a tribal court affiliated with the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Indiana Aviation Hall of Fame.. Description: Recognizing the Indiana Aviation Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Good faith health care estimates.. Description: Good faith health care estimates. Revises the definition of "practitioner" in the laws concerning good faith estimates of costs for health care services. Postpones, from July 1, 2021, to January 1, 2022, the effective date of the requirement that a practitioner provide a good faith estimate of the amount the practitioner intends to charge for a health care service. Requires that the communication by a provider facility and a practitioner to a patient about the patient's right to request a good faith estimate be conspicuous and be provided by at least three of eight specified potential means. Provides that the written notice that a practitioner provides to an individual about a scheduled or ordered nonemergency health care service must state that a good faith estimate of cost need not be provided if the service is scheduled to be performed within five business days of the date of the patient's request. Provides that certain written statements must be in "conspicuous" type instead of in type at least as large as 14 point type. Requires a practitioner or facility to provide a written explanation if the charge for a health care service exceeds the practitioner's or facility's good faith estimate by the greater of: (1) $100; or (2) 5%. Revises the content of the written statement that an out of network practitioner providing health care services at an in network facility must give to a covered individual in order to be reimbursed more for the health care services than allowed according to the rate established by the covered individual's network plan. Provides that a practitioner can comply with the requirement to provide a good faith estimate of the amount that the practitioner intends to charge a covered individual by complying with the requirements of the new federal No Surprises Act (Act). Provides that a health carrier may satisfy certain requirements  concerning good faith estimates by complying with the Act.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Abby Thatcher as one of the first female Eagle Scouts in Howard County.. Description: Recognizing Abby Thatcher as one of the first female Eagle Scouts in Howard County.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Adoption.. Description: Adoption. Permits an individual who seeks to adopt a child less than 18 years of age to file a petition for adoption in any county in Indiana if either of the following is filed with the petition: (1) A written consent to the adoption from each individual whose consent to the adoption is required under Indiana law; (2) A certified copy of a court order terminating the parental rights of each parent whose consent to the adoption is required under Indiana law. Requires notice of an adoption petition to be delivered to imprisoned or detained individuals. Specifies certain requirements when delivering notice of a petition for adoption to an individual whose address is unknown. Provides that certain notice requirements concerning petitions for adoption are met even when the recipient of the notice refuses to accept the offer or tender of the notice. Requires that the notice of an adoption must be given to the local office of the department of child services, if the child is the subject of an open or pending child in need of services proceeding. Mandates that the notice of an adoption must be given to the entity, facility, or individual of which the child is a ward if the child is a subject of an open or pending juvenile delinquency proceeding. Specifies certain other requirements concerning notice for petitions for adoption. Requires the setting aside of an adoption decree if notice is not properly effectuated and the adoption decree is challenged within 45 days of when it was entered. Allows the court to set aside a dismissal of a motion to contest under certain circumstances. Allows the court to consider, in the context of a motion to contest, (1) the parent's substance abuse; (2) the parent's voluntary unemployment; or (3) instability in the parent's household, if the parent has made substantial and continuing progress and it appears reasonably likely that progress will continue. Makes conforming amendments..
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Broadband development.. Description: Broadband development. Amends the statute governing the awarding of grants from the rural broadband fund as follows: (1) Provides that an "eligible broadband project" for purposes of the statute includes a project for the deployment of terrestrial broadband infrastructure: (A) to buildings used by public school corporations primarily for educating students; (B) to rural health clinics; (C) to ensure that eligible students (defined as Indiana residents who are less than 23 years of age and who are enrolled in a K-12 school in Indiana) have access points providing a connection to eligible broadband service; and (D) in rural areas in Indiana. (Current law provides that an "eligible broadband project" means only a project for the deployment of broadband infrastructure for the provision of eligible broadband service in rural areas in Indiana.) (2) Specifies that terrestrial broadband infrastructure includes infrastructure used for a fixed wireless Internet connection but does not include infrastructure used for a satellite Internet connection. (3) Provides that "eligible broadband service" means a connection to the Internet that provides an actual speed of at least: (A) 1,000 megabits per second downstream for a project involving the deployment of broadband infrastructure to public school corporation buildings or rural health clinics; or (B) 50 megabits per second downstream and at least five megabits per second upstream for a project to provide to eligible students access points for connections to eligible broadband service, or for a project to provide eligible broadband service to rural areas. (4) Specifies the following priorities for the awarding of grants from the rural broadband fund: (A) First, for extending eligible broadband service to public school corporation buildings with respect to which the only available Internet connections are at actual speeds of less than 1,000 megabits per second downstream. (B) Second, for extending eligible broadband service to rural health clinics with respect to which the only available Internet connections are at actual speeds of less than 1,000 megabits per second downstream. (C) Third, for extending eligible broadband service so as to ensure that every eligible student has at the student's residence an access point providing a connection to eligible broadband service. (D) Fourth, extending eligible broadband service to rural areas in which the only available connections to the Internet are at actual speeds of less than 25 megabits per second downstream. (5) Provides that a state agency may fund an eligible broadband project that is designated as a lower priority under the funding priorities set forth in the statute if no competitive applications for eligible broadband projects designated as a higher priority are submitted in a particular round of grant funding. (6) Specifies that a grant may not be awarded from the rural broadband fund: (A) for any project to extend the deployment of eligible broadband service to one or more service addresses for which funding from the federal government has been used or will be disbursed to extend broadband service at actual speeds of at least 25 megabits per second downstream to those same addresses; or (B) if the awarding of the grant would jeopardize funding that has been awarded by the federal government under certain programs for purposes of expanding broadband service in Indiana. (7) Provides that the system of priorities used by the office of community and rural affairs (office) for awarding grants from the rural broadband fund must give preference to projects that require a lower contribution from the fund per passing, as determined by a specified calculation. (8) Provides that the procedures established by the office for the awarding of grants from the rural broadband fund must require the office to: (A) include, in publishing grant applications to the office's Internet web site, specific addresses for which state funds would be used to provide eligible broadband service; and (B) consider, in making a determination as to whether to award a grant to an applicant, all comments or objections received during the statutory comment period, including any new grant application that: (i) is submitted within the statutory comment period by another eligible broadband service provider; and (ii) indicates that such other provider would be willing to provide eligible broadband service to the same addresses at a lower cost to the state. (9) Requires the office to establish a program to expand broadband Internet connectivity by: (A) entering into agreements with broadband service providers under which such providers agree to accept subsidy payments distributed by the office as a form of payment for eligible broadband service; and (B) distributing subsidy payments to participating providers to be used as a form of payment for eligible broadband service provided before July 1, 2025, to certain persons and entities, prioritized as follows: (i) School buildings. (ii) Rural health clinics.  (iii) Eligible students. Provides that money in the rural broadband fund may be used to provide financial assistance under the new program. (10) Requires the office to establish and publish on the office's Internet web site: (A) specific, measurable goals; and (B) metrics to be used in assessing the progress made toward accomplishing those goals; for the disbursement of state broadband grant funds. (11) Requires the office to report annually to the interim study committee on energy, utilities, and telecommunications (rather than to the general assembly, under current law) concerning the awarding of state broadband grants. (12) Requires the state board of accounts to conduct an annual audit (rather than an audit every three years, under current law) of the awarding of state broadband grants. Establishes the Indiana broadband connectivity program (connectivity program), under which the office must establish a public broadband portal through which an individual may report that minimum broadband Internet (defined as a connection to the Internet at an actual speed of at least 25 megabits per second downstream and at least three megabits per second upstream) is unavailable at the individual's residential or business address. Provides that the public broadband portal must solicit information as to whether one or more eligible students reside at an address that is reported by an individual through the portal. Provides that the office may contract or consult with one or more third parties in the creation or administration of the portal. Provides that a broadband Internet provider may: (1) register with the connectivity program; (2) receive, at least every three months, notice of addresses submitted to the office as addresses at which minimum broadband Internet is unavailable; (3) report to the office any listed address at which the provider's minimum broadband Internet service is already available; and (4) bid for an award of a grant for purposes of extending connectivity to broadband Internet service (defined as a connection to the Internet at an actual speed of at least 50 megabits per second downstream and at least five megabits per second upstream) to an address at which minimum broadband Internet is unavailable. Provides that if the office does not receive notice from any providers that minimum broadband Internet is available at an address reported through the public broadband portal, the office shall transmit to each registered provider a bid notification for provision of broadband Internet service at the address. Specifies requirements for a provider's submission of a bid under the program. Provides that in evaluating the bids received, the office shall select the provider whose bid presents the lowest cost to the state for extension of the provider's broadband Internet infrastructure to the address. Provides that the amount of a grant awarded to a registered provider under the program may not exceed the following: (1) A per-line extension amount that exceeds $25,000. (2) A per-passing amount that exceeds the state's cost per passing for all grants awarded from the rural broadband fund for rural broadband grants as of the last day of the immediately preceding state fiscal year, as calculated by the office. Requires the office to enter into an agreement with a provider that is awarded a grant under the program. Requires the office to provide to the general assembly an annual report containing specified data regarding the connectivity program.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Judicial selection in Lake and St. Joseph counties.. Description: Judicial selection in Lake and St. Joseph counties. Provides that the judicial nominating commission (commission) for the Lake and St. Joseph superior courts consists of seven voting members, with three voting members appointed by the governor and three voting members appointed by the county board of commissioners, and the chief justice of Indiana or the chief justice's designee serving ex officio as a voting member only to resolve tie votes and as chairperson of the commission. (Current law provides that the commission for the Lake superior court consists of nine members.) Provides that the governor must appoint to the commission one attorney member, one nonattorney member who has never been licensed to practice law, and one member that is a woman. Provides that the county board of commissioners must appoint to the commission one attorney member, one nonattorney member who has never been licensed to practice law, and one member that is from a minority group. Provides that the chairperson of the commission shall have standing to dispute the validity of an appointed member. Provides that a voting member of the commission for: (1) the Lake superior court shall reside in Lake County; and (2) the St. Joseph superior court shall reside in St. Joseph County. Provides that a voting member may not have a prior felony conviction. Repeals provisions concerning the appointment of nonattorney commissioners and the election of attorney commissioners to the commission. Provides that after the commission has nominated and submitted to the governor the names of five persons to fill a vacancy in the Lake or St. Joseph superior court, the governor shall select the most qualified person to fill the vacancy. (Current law provides that the commission for the Lake superior court nominate and submit to the governor the names of three people to fill a vacancy in the superior court.) Makes conforming changes.
In 2021, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Nonemergency ambulance service orders.. Description: Nonemergency ambulance service orders. Requires hospitals to establish protocols for within the hospital concerning the issuance of orders for nonemergency transportation. Requires a physician to issue an order for nonemergency ambulance services when a patient needs transportation by an ambulance. Specifies contents of an order. Allows for certification of a physician's order by certain providers if certain conditions are met.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Secretary of state securities division matters.. Description: Secretary of state securities division matters. Allows the Indiana securities commissioner to request additional information for determining whether a franchise offer or sale is exempt from registration requirements. Provides that a continuing care retirement community's annual disclosure statement must be filed not later than 12 months following the end of its fiscal year. Provides that an individual may not engage in loan processing activities unless certain requirements have been met. Provides that a registered mortgage loan originator is not required to obtain a license under the law governing loan brokers. Provides that the securities division may discipline an individual who fails to comply with disclosure requirements. Amends the law on the licensing of collection agencies by adding a definition of "branch office" and providing that it is unlawful to operate a branch office without meeting certain requirements or to fail to comply with certain disclosure requirements.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Business law.. Description: Business law. Provides that the secretary of state (secretary) may remove a name or assumed name from its entity filing records if a name or assumed name falsely indicates or implies that the domestic filing entity or the foreign filing entity is, or is connected with, a government agency of this state, another state, or the United States. Expands what qualifies as an emergency as it relates to shareholder meetings. Sets forth the actions a corporation may take to address an emergency, including postponing a meeting or conducting a meeting by means of remote communication. Provides that a nonprofit corporation may hold meetings by means of remote communication, if provided for in the nonprofit corporation's bylaws. Allows a public corporation governed by IC 23-1 to elect not to have a staggered board system if the board of directors adopts a bylaw expressly electing not to. Provides that trademark filings shall be submitted electronically to the secretary.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Performance bonding of developers.. Description: Performance bonding of developers. Requires (rather than allows) a local unit to grant a secondary approval to a plat for a subdivision in which improvements and installations have not been completed if the applicant provides: (1) a performance bond or other proof of financial responsibility; or (2) if installation or extension of utility service is involved, proof of contracting with a utility or a political subdivision for the installation or extension. Provides that the only condition precedent that a local unit may require to recording a secondary plat is that the land developer obtain a performance bond or other surety for: (1) unfinished streets, sanitary piping, storm water piping systems, water mains, sidewalks and ornamental landscaping located in common areas; and (2) erosion control. Provides a definition of "common area".
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Community mental health center matters.. Description: Community mental health center matters. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services (office) to apply for a Medicaid state plan amendment or Medicaid waiver for the following: (1) Reimbursement of Medicaid rehabilitation option services for a Medicaid eligible recipient who is undertaking an initial assessment, intake, or counseling in a community mental health center. (2) Reimbursement for Medicaid rehabilitation option services concurrently with reimbursement under the residential addiction treatment program. (3) The inclusion of video conferencing and audio services as telehealth for community mental health centers. Amends the definition of "telehealth services" for the Medicaid program. Requires at least two members of the division of mental health and addiction planning and advisory council to be community mental health center chief executive officers or designees. Requires the department of child services to accept certain criminal history checks and fingerprinting performed by community mental health centers for specified professionals if the process used by the community mental health center at least meets or exceeds the department's procedures. Amends the required graduate level courses and clinical experience that an applicant is required to obtain for a license as a clinical addiction counselor. Adds two members to the justice reinvestment advisory council. Makes a conforming change.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various health matters.. Description: Various health matters. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services (office) to apply for a Medicaid state plan amendment or Medicaid waiver for the following: (1) Reimbursement of Medicaid rehabilitation option services for a Medicaid eligible recipient who is undertaking an initial assessment, intake, or counseling in a community mental health center. (2) Reimbursement for Medicaid rehabilitation option services concurrently with reimbursement under the residential addiction treatment program. Requires a community mental health center to commence a plan of treatment within two weeks for a Medicaid recipient who receives services after the office has amended the state plan. Specifies that for purposes of a community mental health center, telehealth services satisfy any face to face meeting requirement between a clinician and consumer. Requires at least two members of the division of mental health and addiction planning and advisory council to be community mental health center chief executive officers or designees. Specifies that the division of mental health and addiction (division) has primary oversight over suicide prevention and crisis services activities and coordination and designation of the 9-8-8 crisis hotline centers. Sets forth requirements to be designated as a 9-8-8 crisis hotline center. Establishes the statewide 9-8-8 trust fund. Allows advanced practice registered nurses and physician assistants to perform certain duties that are performed by a physician under the home health agencies laws. Allows a nonprofit association of cities and towns to participate in the state aggregate prescription drug purchasing program. Requires a public school that issues, after June 30, 2022, a student identification card to a student in grade 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, or 12 to include on the student identification card the 9-8-8 crisis hotline and other crisis hotline phone numbers. Delays the requirement that a prescription for a controlled substance be in an electronic format until January 1, 2022. Allows for an exemption from the requirement of issuing a controlled substance prescription in an electronic format if the dispensing pharmacy or provider is unable to receive or process an electronically transmitted prescription. Requires certain rules adopted by the Indiana board of pharmacy (board) to be substantially similar to certain federal regulations. Adds behavior analysts to the definition of "practitioner" for purposes of the telehealth laws. Amends the definition of "telehealth". Amends the required graduate level courses and clinical experience that an applicant is required to obtain for a license as a clinical addiction counselor. Allows a pharmacist and pharmacy technician to administer an immunization for coronavirus disease. Allows a registered nurse to provide for the direct supervision of a pharmacist intern or pharmacist student who administers an immunization. Changes references of the "pharmacist in charge" to the "pharmacist on duty". Allows a pharmacist to supervise eight pharmacy interns. Allows a pharmacy technician to work remotely to perform specified responsibilities. Provides that the board shall hold the pharmacy permit holder accountable, rather than the qualifying pharmacy, for staffing violations if the qualifying pharmacist does not have the authority to make staffing determinations. Specifies that a transfer of a prescription includes a schedule II controlled substance. Removes the requirement that a pharmacist provide a patient with a written advance beneficiary notice that states that the patient may not be eligible for reimbursement for the device or supply. Changes remote dispensing facility requirements concerning location of the facility. Changes how long a remote dispensing facility must retain a surveillance recording from 45 days to 30 days. Removes specified physical requirements that a video monitor being used by the remote facility must meet. Adds therapeutic substitution to the definition of "protocol" for purposes of drug regimen adjustments and defines "therapeutic alternative" and specifies use of therapeutic alternative requirements for protocols. Removes a requirement for drug protocols concerning availability of medical records. Allows for physician assistants and advanced practice registered nurses to make referrals to pharmacists. Removes the requirement that the executive director of the Indiana professional licensing agency provide advice and consent before a majority of the members of the physical therapist committee may call a meeting. Requires the medical licensing board to adopt rules before January 1, 2022, that are required under the laws concerning physician assistants. Adds any plan or program that provides payment, reimbursement, or indemnification for the cost of prescription drugs to the definition of a "health plan". Adds two members to the justice reinvestment advisory council.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Battery against emergency room staff.. Description: Battery against emergency room staff. Amends the definition of "emergency medical services provider" for the offense of battery to include a staff member in the emergency department of a hospital.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Early voting.. Description: Early voting. Provides that the county election board may adopt a resolution authorizing the circuit court clerk to use the office of the circuit court clerk or establish a satellite office to permit voters to cast absentee ballots for at least four hours on the third Saturday preceding election day.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Grain indemnity fund.. Description: Grain indemnity fund. Adds and amends definitions under the Indiana grain buyers and warehouse licensing law (licensing law). Requires contracts to purchase grain from producers to contain a notice that deferred priced grain must be priced within the crop year. Modifies the duties of the director (director) of the Indiana grain buyers and warehouse licensing agency (agency). Specifies that the grain indemnity fund consists of fines collected by the director. Increases the maximum amount of a bond required for a license. Requires that if the director finds a deficiency in minimum net worth before the licensee's next audit by the agency, the director shall issue a notice of deficiency to the licensee stating that the licensee has 30 days to correct the deficiency and if the licensee fails to correct a deficiency in minimum net worth within the 30 day period, the director may issue a fine. Provides that if a licensee fails to correct a deficiency in minimum net worth within 60 days of receiving a fine the director may issue a temporary suspension. Provides that a licensee may not enter into a deferred pricing agreement after July 1, 2022, that extends beyond the crop year for the delivered grain. Provides that if a deferred pricing agreement in connection with a grain purchase was entered into before July 1, 2021, the licensee shall complete the licensee's payment obligations to the seller under the agreement before January 1, 2024. Establishes criteria to determine the price date in the deferred pricing agreement. Provides that if a licensee fails to price grain, the director may impose a fine. Adds a definition of "conflict of interest". Provides that the attorney general may designate an attorney representative to serve on the board (board) of the Indiana grain indemnity corporation (corporation). Modifies duties of the board. Provides that a board member of the corporation with a conflict of interest in a proceeding before the board is recused from the proceedings. Provides that, if a board member is found to have violated the terms of a confidentiality agreement, the board member forfeits the member's appointment to the board and shall be removed as a member of the board. Requires that if a board member is suspected of violating a confidentiality agreement the matter must be referred to the office of the attorney general. Allows the corporation to: (1) study fund solvency, practices, and procedures; and (2) pay legal fees and legal expenses in actions brought against the corporation or the board of the corporation. Increases the amount from $250,000 to $350,000 that may be transferred to the administrative expense account (account). Adds a study of fund solvency, practices, and procedures, professional development and training programs, technology software updates and technology support services, and professional training for board members to listed administrative expenses allowed from the account.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Voting matters.. Description: Voting matters. Defines "breach of peace" and "law enforcement officer" for purposes of election law. Includes an identification document issued by a Native American Indian tribe or band for purposes of proof of identification. Specifies to whom a watcher must report any violation of election laws. Requires the prior consent of an inspector for a watcher to object to any other precinct election officer concerning an alleged violation of election laws and allows for the removal of the watcher and revocation of credentials for a violation. Amends the definition of "electioneering" and adds language prohibiting making verbal statements, displaying certain written statements, or the display of support for the approval or defeat of a public question and electioneering before election day in specified locations. Makes it criminal trespass for a person to enter or refuse to leave a polling location after having been prohibited entry or asked to leave by an election officer or a law enforcement officer acting on behalf of an election officer.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Lilly Shallenberger as one of the first female Eagle Scouts in Howard County.. Description: Recognizing Lilly Shallenberger as one of the first female Eagle Scouts in Howard County.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Natural resource matters.. Description: Natural resource matters. Provides that a permit issued to a quarrying or aggregate company for excavation of certain industrial materials is valid for the duration of the permitted project subject to periodic compliance evaluations. Establishes that a permit issued for aggregate operations becomes void if construction has not commenced within two years of the issuance of the permit. Requires a permit holder to notify the commission within six months after completing a permitted project. Provides that a permit issued on or before July 1, 2014, that remains active for a quarrying or aggregate company for excavation of certain industrial materials is valid for the duration of the permitted project subject to permit conditions and periodic evaluations, and requires the  holder of the permit to notify the commission not later than January 1, 2022, if the permitted project is still active. Provides that failure to notify the commission will cause the permit to expire. Requires the holder of the permit to notify the commission that the project is completed within six months after the project's completion.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Home health services.. Description: Home health services. Amends the definition of "home health agency", for purposes of the home health agency licensure laws, to provide that a person may provide or offer to provide nursing services and at least one home health service for compensation. Specifies that the term does not include: (1) services under the Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE); or a person that only administers home infusion therapy based on a specialty medication prescription.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Landlord-tenant relations.. Description: Landlord-tenant relations. Eliminates the general restriction on the authority of a county, city, town, or township concerning regulation of landlord-tenant relationship matters not specifically described by state statute. Prohibits the waiver of laws regarding retaliatory acts by a landlord.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Requires the state board of education (state board) to: (1) establish a compilation of longitudinal data indicating school performance success in various selected and enumerated program areas; and (2) present the data for each school in a manner that is commonly known as an Internet dashboard. Requires each school to post on a web page maintained on the school's Internet web site the exact same data and in a similar format as the data presented for the school on the state board's Internet web site. Allows a school to include custom indicators on the school's web page. Provides that the performance of a school's students on the statewide assessment program test and other criterion referenced benchmark assessments recommended by the department of education (department) and approved by the state board are the primary and majority means of assessing a school's improvement. (Current law provides that the performance of a school's students on the statewide assessment program test and other assessments recommended by the department and approved by the state board are the primary and majority means of assessing a school's improvement.) Provides that the state board may assign each domain, indicator, or measure used to assess school performance a separate and distinct category or designation. Provides that the state board shall assign to a school or school corporation (including adult high schools) a "null" or "no letter grade" for the 2020-2021 school year. Requires each governing body of a school corporation and the equivalent for each charter school to submit to the department a report that includes certain information regarding instruction during the 2020-2021 school year and the 2021-2022 school year. Requires the department to do the following: (1) Conduct, in collaboration with the state board, a learning loss study regarding students in kindergarten through grade 10. (2) Prepare a report regarding the 2020-2021 school year and a report regarding the 2021-2022 school year that includes the submitted information and the study by the department. (3) Not later than December 1, 2021, and not later than December 1, 2022, submit the applicable reports to the governor, state board, and legislative council. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate study committee for the 2022 interim and the 2023 interim the task of studying the information in the reports. Amends requirements that a benchmark, formative, interim, or similar assessment must meet for approval by the state board. Provides that before the state board may approve a benchmark, formative, interim, or similar assessment, the assessment vendor must enter into a data share agreement with the department. Repeals provisions that: (1) provide consequences for failing schools; (2) provide consequences for failing charter schools or choice scholarship schools; and (3) authorize the establishment of turnaround academies.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Exposure risk diseases.. Description: Exposure risk diseases. Adds any variant of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), including coronavirus disease (COVID-19), to the list of diseases considered an exposure risk disease for purposes of emergency and public safety employee death and disability presumed in the line of duty.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Licensure of behavior analysts.. Description: Licensure of behavior analysts. Establishes the behavior analyst committee (committee) with oversight by the medical licensing board of Indiana (board).  Requires the committee to recommend proposed rules to the board concerning the practice of behavior analysis and continuing education requirements for behavior analysts and assistant behavior analysts. Requires the board to establish fees upon consideration of recommendations from the committee. Provides for the licensing of behavior analysts and assistant behavior analysts. Requires a licensed behavior analyst or licensed assistant behavior analyst to comply with a professional code published by the Behavior Analyst Certification Board, Inc. Makes it a Class A misdemeanor for an unlicensed individual to profess to be a licensed behavior analyst or licensed assistant behavior analyst, but provides that certain types of individuals may use applied behavior analysis techniques without being licensed.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Sallie Fahey on the occasion of her retirement.. Description: Congratulating Sallie Fahey on the occasion of her retirement.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Electric utility reliability adequacy metrics.. Description: Electric utility reliability adequacy metrics. Provides that a public utility (defined in the bill as a utility listed in the utility regulatory commission's (IURC's) rule concerning integrated resource planning) that owns and operates an electric generating facility serving Indiana customers shall operate and maintain the facility using good utility practices and in a manner: (1) reasonably intended to support the provision of reliable and economic electric service to customers; and (2) reasonably consistent with the resource reliability requirements of the Midcontinent Independent System Operator (MISO) or any other appropriate regional transmission organization. Provides that, not later than 30 days after the deadline for submitting an annual planning reserve margin report to MISO, each public utility providing electric service to Indiana customers shall file with the IURC a report that provides the following information for each of the next three resource planning years: (1) The capacity, location, and fuel source for each electric generating facility that is owned and operated by the electric utility, and that will be used to provide electric service to Indiana customers. (2) The amount of generating resource capacity or energy, or both, that the public utility has procured under contract, and that will be used to provide electric service to Indiana customers. (3) The amount of demand response resources available to the public utility under contracts and tariffs. (4) The planning reserve margin requirements and other federal reliability requirements that the public utility is obligated to meet, including a comparison of each reported planning reserve margin requirement with the planning reserve margin requirement for the 2021-2022 planning year. (5) The reliability adequacy metrics (as defined in the bill) for the public utility, as forecasted for the three planning years covered by the report. Provides that in reviewing a public utility's report, the IURC may request technical assistance from MISO or any other appropriate regional transmission organization in making certain determinations concerning the adequacy of the public utility's available capacity resources to support the provision of reliable electric service. Provides that if, after reviewing a public utility's report, the IURC is not satisfied that the public utility can: (1) provide reliable electric service to the public utility's Indiana customers; or (2) meet its planning reserve margin requirement or other federal reliability requirements; during any of the planning years covered by the report, the IURC may conduct an investigation as to the reasons. Provides that if, after such an investigation, the IURC determines that the capacity resources available to the public utility will not be adequate to support the provision of reliable electric service to the public utility's Indiana customers, or to allow the public utility to meet its planning reserve margin requirements or other federal reliability requirements, the IURC shall issue an order directing the public utility to acquire or construct such capacity resources as are reasonable and necessary to enable the public utility to meet these requirements. Provides that not later than 90 days after the date of such an order by the IURC, the public utility shall file for approval with the IURC a plan to comply with the order. Provides that the IURC shall annually submit to the governor and to the interim study committee on energy, utilities, and telecommunications a report that includes the following: (1) The IURC's analysis regarding the ability of public utilities to: (A) provide reliable electric service to Indiana customers; and (B) meet their planning reserve margin requirements or other federal reliability requirements; for the next three resource planning years. (2) A summary of: (A) the projected demand for retail electricity in Indiana over the next calendar year; and (B) the amount and type of capacity resources committed to meeting this demand. Authorizes the IURC to adopt rules to implement these provisions.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Judge G. Michael Witte.. Description: Honoring Judge G. Michael Witte.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Eminent domain.. Description: Eminent domain. Makes changes to condemnation proceedings in which appraisers are appointed after December 31, 2021. Requires a city or town (municipality) condemning property within the unincorporated area of the county to obtain the county legislative body's approval by demonstrating the necessity for the taking and that it is for a public purpose. Provides that if a defendant's objection to the condemnation is sustained: (1) the plaintiff must pay the defendant's attorney's fees and costs in order to amend the complaint; and (2) the plaintiff is prohibited from filing a new complaint in condemnation against the same property for five years, unless the plaintiff proves urgent necessity for the condemnation and demonstrates payment of the defendant's attorney's fees and costs incurred for the previous condemnation action. Allows a business owner to claim compensation for intangible business losses and loss of driveway access due to condemnation. Exempts condemnation actions brought by the state acting through the Indiana department of transportation from the following: (1) The reimbursement of reasonable costs, expenses, and attorney's fees if a defendant's objection to a condemnation is sustained. (2) The prohibition on filing a new complaint in condemnation for five years if a defendant's objection to a condemnation is sustained. Requires the state acting through the Indiana department of transportation to pay the lesser of $25,000 or the fair market value of the defendant's property if the award of a court is greater than the amount specified in the last offer of settlement.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: DCS and the education community.. Description: DCS and the education community. Defines "exigent circumstances" for purposes of action taken by the department of child services (DCS) with respect to a child. Allows DCS to interview a child at the child's school, except for at a nonaccredited nonpublic school with less than one employee, without parental consent if: (1) the DCS employee presents their credentials upon arrival at the school; and (2) DCS presents a written statement that DCS has parental consent, a court order, or exigent circumstances. Requires that the written statement shall not be maintained in the child's file and must protect the child's and child's family's confidentiality. Mandates that DCS provide assurances that the child's school, or its representative, has been invited to participate in the case plan process.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Department of child services reporting.. Description: Department of child services reporting. Requires the department of child services (department) to annually submit to the general assembly a report providing specified information regarding cost reports submitted to the department by child caring institutions, group homes, child placing agencies, and private secure facilities. Requires the first such report submitted by the department to provide the specified information for the preceding four years.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring doctors on March 30, National Doctors' Day.. Description: Honoring doctors on March 30, National Doctors' Day.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Department of child services.. Description: Department of child services. Provides that if the governor declares a state of disaster emergency, the department of child services (department) may: (1) allow older youth who are receiving collaborative care services at the time of the declaration to continue to receive collaborative care services for the duration of the state of disaster emergency; and (2) modify or suspend enforcement of a statute or rule specifying a time within which a foster parent must provide for a child to be examined by a physician, physician assistant, or advanced practice registered nurse after the child's placement in the foster parent's home.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commission on improving the status of children.. Description: Commission on improving the status of children. Changes the membership of the commission on improving the status of children in Indiana (commission). Provides that the affirmative votes of a majority of the voting members appointed to the commission are required for the commission to take action on any measure.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Allows the priority enrollment period for the prekindergarten pilot program to begin later than April 1, 2021, in calendar year 2021. Provides that a school corporation may not enter into or renew a contract with an outside vendor to operate or manage a dedicated virtual education school of the school corporation unless the school corporation submits the most recent contract or proposed contract with the vendor to the department of education (department). Amends limits on the percentage of appropriated funds that may be used for grants to limited eligibility children under the prekindergarten pilot program. Provides that the department of education (department) shall make informational material that is evidenced based available on the department's Internet web site that may help teachers and other school employees identify a student who may have been impacted by trauma. Requires the department to provide a notice to each school corporation and charter school on how to access the informational material. Provides that a charter school may give enrollment preference to children who attend another charter school that is closed because of action by the state board of education (state board). Establishes the Cambridge International program (program). Requires the department to: (1) administer the program; and (2) submit a report regarding the program to the state board each year. Establishes the Indiana postsecondary prior learning assessment clearinghouse (clearinghouse). Requires the governor to direct the commission, department, and governor's workforce cabinet (cabinet), in collaboration with state educational institutions, to: (1) develop and regularly update the clearinghouse; and (2) collect information concerning prior learning assessments used by state educational institutions to award advanced standing or postsecondary credit. Requires each state educational institution to report prior learning assessment information. Requires the commission, department, and the cabinet to publish the clearinghouse information on its respective Internet web site. Requires the governor to direct the commission, department, and cabinet, in consultation with state educational institutions, to prepare model guidance and informational resources concerning postsecondary enrollment opportunities that incorporate work based learning experiences. Requires the governor to direct the commission, department, and cabinet to publish model guidance and information resources on its respective Internet web site. Prohibits a charter school organizer from entering into contracts under which an officer or employee of the organizer or a relative of an officer or employee of the organizer will receive compensation or proceeds. Provides an exception for de minimis contracts valued at $1,000 or less. Repeals a provision regarding high school credit for Cambridge International courses.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Higher education matters.. Description: Higher education matters. Changes the eligibility requirements for the next generation Hoosier educators scholarship and provides that a student may qualify for the scholarship by achieving a cumulative grade point average upon graduation of at least a 3.5 on a 4.0 grading scale during grades 9, 10, 11, and 12. Requires the commission for higher education to give priority to an individual who is: (1) a recent high school graduate; (2) pursuing a teacher shortage area; (3) showing significant financial need; or (4) a member of a household with an annual income of not more than the amount required for the individual to qualify for the free or reduced price lunch program as determined for the immediately preceding taxable year. Provides that the National Guard tuition supplement program may be used by a scholarship applicant for graduate credits.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Indiana crime guns task force.. Description: Indiana crime guns task force. Establishes the Indiana crime guns task force (task force) to address violent crime in Boone, Hamilton, Hancock, Hendricks, Marion, Morgan, Johnson, and Shelby counties by delivering, in cooperation with state and federal officials, a uniform strategy to trace firearms used to commit crimes. Establishes an executive board to direct and oversee the task force. Requires the Indiana criminal justice institute to establish and administer the task force fund. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Adoption petitions in any county.. Description: Adoption petitions in any county. Permits a resident of Indiana who seeks to adopt a child less than 18 years of age to file a petition for adoption in any county in Indiana if either of the following is filed with the petition: (1) A written consent to the adoption from each individual whose consent to the adoption is required under Indiana law. (2) A certified copy of a court order terminating the parental rights of each parent whose consent to the adoption is required under Indiana law.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Required information on student ID cards.. Description: Required information on student ID cards. Requires a public school that issues, after June 30, 2022, a student identification card to a student in grade 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, or 12 to include on the student identification card a local, state, or national: (1) suicide prevention hotline telephone number; and (2) human trafficking hotline telephone number; that provides support 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Provides that the information may be printed on the student identification card or printed on a sticker that is affixed to the student identification card.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Secretary of education.. Description: Secretary of education. Organizes and corrects statutes, as required by P.L.8-2019 (HEA 1005-2019), concerning the state superintendent of public instruction. Makes changes, as applicable, from the state superintendent of public instruction as an elected position to the secretary of education as an appointed position. Provides that, if the office of a state officer is abolished, certain ethics and conflict of interest provisions continue to apply to the former state officer. Provides that all powers, duties, agreements, liabilities, property, and records of the state superintendent of public instruction are transferred to the secretary of education, as the successor to the state superintendent of public instruction. Provides that the secretary of education shall enter into and maintain a contract for professional development services with an organization that provides a nationally recognized training program for professional development in computer science education from early learning through postsecondary education. (The current provision provides that the state superintendent of public instruction shall, before August 1, 2018, enter into a contract for the professional development services.) Repeals the following: (1) Provisions concerning the definition of "state superintendent" and "office". (2) A provision regarding the education dispute resolution working group. (3) A provision that requires, not later than June 30, 2020, the governing body of the Muncie Community school corporation to provide a report on the plan for the long term fiscal viability and academic innovation of the Muncie Community school corporation.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Abortion matters.. Description: Abortion matters. Adds mental health providers to the list of persons who may not be required to participate in specified procedures and practices concerning abortion or aborted remains if the mental health provider objects to such procedures and practices on the basis of ethical, moral, or religious belief. Provides that an abortion inducing drug may not be dispensed, prescribed, or given to a woman after eight weeks of postfertilization age. Requires a physician to dispense the abortion inducing drug in person and have the pregnant woman consume the drug in the presence of the physician. Removes FDA guidelines from a provision concerning manufacturer instruction sheets and patient agreement forms pertaining to abortion inducing drugs. Requires an ultrasound image of a pregnant woman's fetus to be provided: (1) to a pregnant woman for her to keep; and (2) at no cost or charge to the pregnant woman; in the event of fetal ultrasound imaging. Requires certain information concerning the reversal of specified abortion inducing drugs to be provided to a pregnant woman in certain instances. Requires a specified report to identify the: (1) facility; and (2) city or town; where required information concerning an abortion was provided. Requires specified individuals to include, or to ensure the inclusion of, a copy of a pregnant woman's ultrasound report in the applicable patient file. Prohibits an abortion clinic from receiving an annual license renewal if ultrasound reports are not included in a pregnant woman's patient file. Provides that the written parental consent for purposes of abortion laws concerning an unemancipated pregnant woman less than 18 years of age must be notarized. Prohibits the state department of health from renewing an abortion clinic's license if noncompliance discovered during an annual inspection is not remedied. Prohibits the use of telemedicine to provide any abortion, including the writing or filling of a prescription for any purpose that is intended to result in an abortion. Defines certain terms. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Transportation asset management plans.. Description: Transportation asset management plans. Requires the department of transportation (department) post asset management plans approved by the department to an Internet web site maintained by the department or by an entity contracted by the department to approve asset management plans  not later than July 1, 2022.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Redistricting.. Description: Redistricting. Provides that the population parameters that refer to political subdivisions throughout the Indiana Code are based on the 2010 federal decennial census until April 1, 2022. Provides that for purposes of local redistricting, political subdivisions shall use data from the 2020 federal decennial census. Establishes new legislative districts for the Indiana general assembly. Provides for expiration of the current legislative districts on the date of the 2022 general election. Makes technical and necessary changes in related statutes. Establishes new Indiana congressional districts. Provides for expiration of the current congressional districts on the date of the 2022 general election. Makes technical and necessary changes in related statutes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Civil immunity related to COVID-19.. Description: Civil immunity related to COVID-19. Provides civil tort immunity for damages arising from COVID-19 on the premises owned or operated by a person, on any premises on which the person or an employee or agent of the person provided property or services to the individual, or during an activity managed, organized, or sponsored by the person, except for an act or omission that constitutes gross negligence or willful or wanton misconduct (including fraud and intentionally tortious acts). Defines "COVID-19 protective product" and provides civil tort immunity for harm that results from the design, manufacture, labeling, sale, distribution, or donation of a COVID-19 protective product, except for an act or omission that constitutes gross negligence or willful or wanton misconduct (including fraud and intentionally tortious acts).  Prohibits class action suits.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Funding for virtual instruction in public schools.. Description: Funding for virtual instruction in public schools. Establishes a definition of "virtual instruction" for purposes of determining a school corporation's basic tuition support using the: (1) 2020 fall count; and (2) 2021 spring count; of average daily membership.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Telehealth matters.. Description: Telehealth matters. Prohibits the Medicaid program from specifying originating sites and distant sites for purposes of Medicaid reimbursement. Prohibits the use of telehealth to provide any abortion, including the writing or filling of a prescription for any purpose that is intended to result in an abortion. Changes the use of the term "telemedicine" to "telehealth". Specifies certain activities that are considered to be health care services for purposes of the telehealth laws. Expands the application of the telehealth statute to additional licensed practitioners instead of applying only to prescribers. Amends the definition of "prescriber" and "telehealth". Provides that a practitioner who directs an employee to perform a specified health service is held to the same standards of appropriate practice as those standards for health care services provided at an in-person setting. Requires that the telehealth medical records be created and maintained under the same standards of appropriate practice for medical records for patients in an in-person setting. Specifies that a patient waives confidentiality of medical information concerning individuals in the vicinity when the patient is using telehealth. Prohibits an employer from requiring a practitioner to provide a health care service through telehealth if the practitioner believes: (1) that health quality may be negatively impacted; or (2) the practitioner would be unable to provide the same standards of appropriate practice as those provided in an in-person setting. Provides that an applicable contract, employment agreement, or policy to provide telehealth services must explicitly provide that a practitioner may refuse at any time to provide health care services if in the practitioner's sole discretion the practitioner believes: (1) that health quality may be negatively impacted; or (2) the practitioner would be unable to provide the same standards of appropriate practice as those provided in an in-person setting. Amends requirements for a prescriber issuing a prescription to a patient via telehealth services. Requires that if a veterinarian is required to establish a veterinarian-client-patient relationship to perform a health care service, the veterinarian shall ensure that a veterinarian-client-patient relationship is established. Repeals the law concerning telepsychology. Prohibits certain insurance policies and individual and group contracts from mandating the use of certain technology applications in the provision of telehealth services.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Local health departments; public health emergencies.. Description: Local health departments; public health emergencies. Provides that if a local order addresses an aspect of a declared emergency addressed by an executive order, the local order may be less stringent than the executive order to the extent permitted by the executive order. Provides that if a local order addresses an aspect of a declared emergency that is not addressed by an executive order or if a local order addresses an aspect of a declared emergency more stringently than an executive order, the local order may not take effect, or remain in effect, unless the local order is approved by the county legislative body (in the case of a county health department) or by an ordinance adopted by the city legislative body and approved by the mayor (in the case of a city health department). Provides that the appointment of a county health officer is subject to the approval of the county legislative body. Adds other good cause to the reasons for which a local health officer may be removed in counties other than Marion County. Specifies that a local health officer serves until a successor is appointed and qualified. Establishes an appeals process before legislative bodies of enforcement actions taken by local boards of health and local health officers in response to declared state and local public health emergencies.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: State house monument to suffragists.. Description: State house monument to suffragists. Extends the Indiana women's suffrage centennial commission (IWSCC) until July 1, 2024. Requires the IWSCC to commission the creation of a suitable monument to the people of Indiana active in the women's suffrage movement and the ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. Requires the department of administration to install the monument commissioned by the IWSCC on the grounds of the state house before January 1, 2024.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Forensic nurses.. Description: Forensic nurses. Specifies requirements that a registered nurse must meet in order to practice as a forensic nurse. Requires biennial continuing education for a forensic nurse. Provides that a forensic nurse who is practicing as a forensic nurse on June 30, 2021, is not required to meet the biennial forensic nursing education requirements until June 30, 2023.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Traffic enforcement in residential complexes.. Description: Traffic enforcement in residential complexes. Reenacts and extends the ability of a unit to enforce moving traffic ordinances on the property of a residential complex under certain circumstances. (This provision expired December 31, 2020.) Extends the requirement that the office of judicial administration submit reports to the legislative council relating to the enforcement of moving traffic ordinances on the property of residential complexes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Statewide maternal mortality review committee.. Description: Statewide maternal mortality review committee. Includes reporting to the statewide maternal mortality review committee (committee) for the release of mental health records without the consent of the patient. Requires the committee to review cases of maternal mortality involving the death of a woman occurring during pregnancy, through one year after the pregnancy. Requires a health care provider and a health facility to report deaths during pregnancy, through one year after a pregnancy to the committee for review. Requires the committee to review all cases of maternal death. Specifies that a health care provider includes a mental health professional for purposes of the review of records by the committee. Requires the committee to: (1) determine whether an abortion was performed on the individual and whether the abortion contributed to the maternal mortality; (2) determine whether a miscarriage occurred and whether the miscarriage  contributed to the maternal mortality; and (3) include the findings in the committee's annual report. Requires the statewide maternal mortality review coordinator to establish a process to report cases to the committee. Changes the expiration date of the statewide maternal mortality review committee to June 30, 2025.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Campground matters.. Description: Campground matters. Allows a campground owner to ask an individual to leave a campground in certain instances. Specifies that an individual who remains on or returns to a campground after having been asked to leave the campground commits criminal trespass. Provides that a guest who is asked to leave a campground is entitled to a refund of any unused portion of prepaid fees.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Regulation of micro market food sales.. Description: Regulation of micro market food sales. Specifies that "micro market display" includes a hot beverage brewer. Specifies that a "vending machine" includes a self-service device that can be activated by the use of a software application on a smartphone. Provides that a micro market can sell hot beverages. Provides that an owner or operator of a micro market shall not be required to: (1) submit any documentation; or (2) be subject to any pre-plan review, inspection process, or approval process by the state department, corporation, or local health department before the installation of a micro market. Provides that an owner or operator of a micro market must notify the corporation or local health department where the micro market is located no later than 10 business days after the installation of the micro market. Provides that an owner or operator of a micro market shall not be subject to any fee associated with providing notice to a corporation or local health department.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Tax sales.. Description: Tax sales. Prohibits a person who is delinquent in the payment of personal property taxes or is subject to an existing personal property tax judgment from bidding on or purchasing a tract at a tax sale. Prohibits a business entity from bidding on or purchasing a tract at a tax sale when a person who is prohibited from bidding on or purchasing a tract at a tax sale: (1) formed the business entity; (2) joined with another person or party to form the business entity; (3) joined the business entity as a proprietor, incorporator, partner, shareholder, director, employee, or member; (4) becomes an agent, employee, or board member of the business entity; or (5) is not an attorney at law and represents the business entity in a legal matter. Requires a person to acknowledge that providing false information relating to a prohibited bid or purchase is perjury. Creates a new section of code with revised requirements for the forfeiture of a tax sale purchase by an ineligible bidder. Requires a county treasurer, except for in a county containing a consolidated city, to pay all taxes and assessments that accrue on the tract of real estate through the time the record owner is divested of title from the tax sale surplus fund for the tract. Permits a county legislative body to adopt an ordinance prohibiting the assignment of a certificate of sale prior to the issuance of a tax title deed. Adds requirements that must be met within 150 days of the date a court grants a petition to issue a tax deed before a county auditor can issue or record a tax deed.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Various property tax matters.. Description: Various property tax matters. Provides that an individual who is certified as a level one or level two assessor-appraiser may serve as a tax representative of a taxpayer before the county property tax assessment board of appeals, if authorized by the taxpayer on a form submitted with the taxpayer's notice to initiate an appeal. Provides that an individual who is certified as a level three assessor-appraiser may serve as a tax representative of a taxpayer before the county property tax assessment board of appeals or the Indiana board.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Statutes applicable to Lake and St. Joseph counties.. Description: Statutes applicable to Lake and St. Joseph counties. Adds references to Lake County and St. Joseph County that were removed in P.L.278-2019. Specifies provisions for St. Joseph County with regard to division of the county into districts. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Psychology interjurisdictional compact.. Description: Psychology interjurisdictional compact. Establishes the psychology interjurisdictional compact concerning interjurisdictional telepsychology and the temporary authorization to practice psychology in another compact state. Sets forth requirements of a compact state. Sets forth the duties of the psychology interjurisdictional compact commission.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Adverse possession statute of limitations.. Description: Adverse possession statute of limitations. Amends the statute concerning the statute of limitations for actions for the recovery of the possession of real estate to provide that such an action that: (1) involves a line located and established by a professional surveyor; and (2) accrues before the lines are located and established by the surveyor; must be commenced before the expiration of the appeal period set forth in the statute governing county surveyors. Amends the provision concerning the establishment of property lines by means of a legal survey to specify that the lines established are binding on all affected landowners, including a landowner who claims title under a claim of adverse possession. Provides that certain information must be contained in a notice of survey sent to adjoining landowners, and that a legible copy of the plat of the legal survey must be enclosed with the notice.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging Governor Holcomb to reaffirm September as Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month.. Description: Urging Governor Holcomb to reaffirm September as Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Private card games.. Description: Private card games. Defines "private low stakes card game" and provides a defense to certain gambling crimes if the gambling was a private low stakes card game. Defines "cheating" and makes cheating at gambling a Class A misdemeanor, and increases the penalty for the offense based on the gain obtained by cheating. Provides that the definition of "electronic gaming device" does not include an amusement device that rewards a player with a ticket or coupon redeemable for noncash merchandise that has a wholesale value of not more than the greater of 10 times the amount charged to play the amusement device one time or $250. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Jumbo boats.. Description: Jumbo boats. Modifies the definition of "jumbo boat" by removing the requirement that the vessel be approved by the United States Coast Guard. Provides that a holder of a: (1) boat beer permit who operates a jumbo boat may sell beer for carryout; (2) boat liquor permit who operates a jumbo boat may sell liquor for carryout; and (3) boat wine permit who operates a jumbo boat may sell wine for carryout.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Coronavirus disease immunizations.. Description: Coronavirus disease immunizations. Allows a: (1) pharmacist; and (2) pharmacy technician under direct supervision; to administer an immunization for coronavirus disease. (Current law allows a pharmacist intern and pharmacist student who meets certain requirements to administer immunizations that pharmacists are allowed to administer.) Provides that a registered nurse may provide for the direct supervision of the pharmacist intern or pharmacist student who administers an immunization. Immunizations and prescriptions. Requires the Indiana board of pharmacy to adopt emergency rules concerning the administration of the influenza and coronavirus disease immunizations by July 1, 2021. Prohibits a pharmacy benefit manager from requiring a pharmacy to obtain a signature from an individual for a prescription or immunization during a public health emergency.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Medicaid reimbursement for schools.. Description: Medicaid reimbursement for schools. Allows the office of the secretary of family and social services to apply for a Medicaid state plan amendment to allow school corporations to seek Medicaid reimbursement for medically necessary, school based Medicaid covered services that are provided under federal or state mandates. Specifies possible services for Medicaid reimbursement. Adds physical therapy to the list of services a school psychologist may refer a student. Allows a school psychologist to make referrals to physical therapists for mandated school services.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Testing and reporting of diseased animals.. Description: Testing and reporting of diseased animals. Provides that a veterinarian, owner, caretaker, or custodian of an animal who knows or suspects that an animal has a disease or condition declared reportable by the state board of animal health (board) must report the existence of the disease or condition to the state veterinarian or local health officer not later than 24 hours after discovering the occurrence or suspected occurrence of the disease or condition. (Currently, they have 48 hours to report a disease.) Provides that a laboratory or animal health professional shall report: (1) the type of test performed; and (2) positive diagnoses for certain diseases; not later than 24 hours after a test renders a positive diagnosis. Authorizes the board to adopt rules it considers necessary to carry out the reporting of diseases and conditions. Provides that the board may issue notice by electronic mail.
In 2021, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: FAFSA completion incentive awards.. Description: FAFSA completion incentive awards. Requires the department of education to establish a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) completion incentive pilot program. Provides requirements for a school corporation to receive a FAFSA completion incentive award. Provides a formula to determine the amount of a school corporation's FAFSA completion incentive award.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: School referenda.. Description: School referenda. Provides that an examination of the accounts and financial affairs of a school corporation must include an examination of any revenue spending plan and applicable fund for an operating referendum tax levy or school safety referendum tax levy to determine whether the school corporation is using the revenue collected from the levy in the amounts and for the purposes established in the applicable revenue spending plan. Provides that a contract entered into between the governing body of a school corporation and a school administrator may not provide for the awarding of a monetary bonus or other incentive that is based on the approval of a public question concerning the imposition of a property tax levy. Specifies requirements for a school corporation that adopts a revenue spending plan for a proposed referendum tax levy. Provides that a school corporation shall specify in its proposed budget the school corporation's revenue spending plan and present the revenue spending plan at its public hearing on the proposed budget. Provides that an ordinance or resolution making a preliminary determination to issue bonds or enter into leases that is considered for certain controlled projects must include a statement of: (1) the maximum annual debt service for the controlled project for each year in which the debt service will be paid; and (2) the schedule of the estimated annual tax levy and rate over a 10 year period; factoring in changes that will occur to the debt service levy and tax rate during the period on account of any outstanding bonds or lease obligations that will mature or terminate during the period. Provides that a governing body may not increase the debt service fund levy to pay for the interest on warrants unless the warrants have been authorized by the governing body in a resolution adopted at a public meeting in the year immediately preceding the year in which the warrants will be issued. Requires a school corporation that imposes certain property taxes to provide information to the department of local government finance before a public hearing held for the purpose of determining the school corporation's budget.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Occupational therapy services.. Description: Occupational therapy services. Allows an occupational therapist to provide occupational therapy services to an individual during a period of not more than 42 calendar days beginning on the day on which the occupational therapist first provides occupational therapy services to the individual. Allows an occupational therapist to provide occupational therapy services to an individual after the 42 day period only if the occupational therapist obtains a referral from, or acts on the order of, a physician, podiatrist, advanced practice registered nurse, psychologist, chiropractor, optometrist, or physician's assistant. Allows an occupational therapist, without a referral or order from a health care provider, to provide: (1) ergonomic or home assessment services; (2) injury or illness prevention education and wellness services; (3) occupational therapy activities provided in an educational setting; or (4) occupational therapy activities that the medical licensing board of Indiana determines to be appropriate to be conducted in a community based environment.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Mental health treatment for inmates.. Description: Mental health treatment for inmates. Permits, under certain circumstances, an offender committed to the department of correction to be held within a treatment facility operated by the department for not more than 14 days beyond the offender's mandatory release date if: (1) the offender consents; or (2) a court has ordered the offender to be committed to a treatment setting outside the department.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Conservancy district board meetings.. Description: Conservancy district board meetings. Amends the open door law to allow members of a conservancy district board of directors to attend meetings electronically.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: School bus stop arm violation enforcement.. Description: School bus stop arm violation enforcement. Specifies that a registered owner of a motor vehicle commits an infraction if the owner's vehicle is used to violate the school bus stop arm law. Provides a defense for a registered owner who provides certain information to law enforcement and fully cooperates with law enforcement, if: (1) the vehicle was stolen; (2) the registered owner routinely engages in the business of renting the vehicle; or (3) the registered owner provided the vehicle for the use of an employee. Specifies that: (1) the bureau of motor vehicles may not assess points for the infraction; and (2) an adjudication for the infraction does not create a presumption of liability in a civil action.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Taxation of farm property.. Description: Taxation of farm property. Makes new farm equipment and new agricultural improvements  eligible for local tax abatement using the same procedures for tax abatement under current law for new manufacturing equipment, new research and development equipment, new logistical distribution equipment, and new information technology equipment, or redevelopment and rehabilitation in the case of new agricultural improvements. Limits an abatement schedule for new farm equipment and new agricultural improvements to not more than five years. Specifies how agricultural improvements shall be assessed for tax purposes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Peer support services and CISM services.. Description: Peer support services and CISM services. Provides, with certain exceptions, that written or oral communications concerning the provision of peer support services and critical incident stress management services (CISM services) to a first responder are confidential and may not be disclosed without the first responder's consent. (Current law provides that communications concerning CISM services to an emergency responder are confidential.) Provides that a first responder's communication is not confidential and may be disclosed: (1) to prevent the first responder from committing a crime or fraud that the provider of CISM services or peer support services reasonably believes is likely to result in death, substantial bodily harm, or substantial economic injury to another; (2) if it conveys information regarding spousal abuse; (3) if the provider of CISM services or the peer support services was a witness or a party to the incident resulting in the provision of services to the first responder; or (4) if the first responder consents to disclosure. Provides that a person providing peer support services is not liable for damages for an act, error, or omission committed by the person in performing peer support services unless the act, error, or omission constitutes wanton, willful, or intentional misconduct.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Hospital police departments.. Description: Hospital police departments. Provides that a police officer of a hospital police department (department) has county wide territorial jurisdiction only while the hospital police officer is on duty and in the performance of or engaged in the officer's normal duties. Provides that the governing board of a hospital may limit the department's jurisdiction. Requires the department to notify certain entities if the governing board of the hospital has limited the department's jurisdiction. Provides public access to certain records created by the department. Provides certain conditions under which a department officer may take action regarding a crime in progress.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Protection orders and domestic battery.. Description: Protection orders and domestic battery. Provides that if a petition for an order for protection is filed by a person or on behalf of an unemancipated minor, the court shall determine, after reviewing the petition or making an inquiry, whether issuing the order for protection may impact a school corporation's ability to provide in-person instruction for the person or the unemancipated minor. Creates a procedure that requires a school corporation to receive notice if the court determines that issuing the order for protection may impact the school corporation's ability to provide in-person instruction for the person or the unemancipated minor. Enhances the penalty for domestic battery to a Level 6 felony if the offense is committed against a family or household member: (1) who has been issued a protection order that protects the family or household member from the person and the protection order was in effect at the time the person committed the offense; or (2) while a no contact order issued by the court directing the person to refrain from having any direct or indirect contact with the family or household member was in effect at the time the person committed the offense. Enhances the penalty for domestic battery to a Level 5 felony when the offender has a prior conviction for strangulation against the same family or household member.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Code publication bill.. Description: Code publication bill. Makes Indiana Code publication amendments. Resolves technical conflicts between various enrolled acts passed during the 2021 legislative session. Corrects technical errors in various enrolled acts passed during the 2021 legislative session. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the code revision commission.)
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Training for investigators of sexual assault cases.. Description: Training for investigators of sexual assault cases. Requires certain training for sexual assault investigators. Mandates that the law enforcement training board set specialized standards for training and investigating sexual assault cases involving adult victims.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Mental health diagnosis.. Description: Mental health diagnosis. Defines "mental health diagnosis" and sets forth requirements that must be met in order for certain licensed professionals to provide a mental health diagnosis. Requires certain mental health professionals who are making a mental health diagnosis and who determine that the patient may have a physical condition that requires medical attention or has not been examined by a physician, an advanced practice registered nurse, or a physician assistant in the preceding 12 months to: (1) advise the patient to schedule, and offer to assist the patient with scheduling, a physical examination for the patient; (2) provide the patient with a list of practitioners and certain information concerning the practitioners; and (3) coordinate patient care with the practitioner as appropriate. Requires documentation of the actions of the licensed professional in the patient's medical record.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Hyperbaric oxygen treatment pilot program.. Description: Hyperbaric oxygen treatment pilot program. Extends the expiration date of the hyperbaric oxygen treatment pilot program for veterans from June 30, 2021, to June 30, 2025. Provides that certain: (1) billing documentation; or (2) attendance documentation; may be used to authenticate the receipt of hyperbaric oxygen treatments for the purpose of payment approval by the department of veterans' affairs. Removes a provision that requires the state department of health to request proposals concerning hyperbaric oxygen treatment from certain geographic areas of Indiana. Specifies that a certain appropriation does not revert to the state general fund until July 1, 2025.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Tuition for qualified nonresident veterans.. Description: Tuition for qualified nonresident veterans. Provides that a qualified nonresident veteran who enrolls in a state educational institution not later than three years after the date of the qualified nonresident veteran's discharge or separation from the armed forces of the United States or the Indiana National Guard is eligible to pay the resident tuition rate at a state educational institution. Establishes requirements for eligibility.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Pension matters.. Description: Pension matters. Provides that the Indiana public retirement system (INPRS) shall pay the governors' retirement and surviving spouse pensions from the public employees' retirement fund (PERF). (Current law makes the auditor of state responsible for the payments.) Modifies provisions related to the pension entitlement for the surviving spouse of a governor. Changes the definition of "retired participant" in the retirement medical benefits account statute. Eliminates the requirement that INPRS shall make an actuarial valuation of the assets and liabilities of the retiree health benefit trust fund at least every two years and instead requires INPRS each year to report the assets and liabilities of the retiree health benefit trust fund and make recommendations for employer contribution amounts. Provides that if an individual becomes a participant in the public employees' defined contribution plan with respect to the individual's service as a volunteer firefighter, the individual does not earn creditable service in the fund for service with a volunteer fire department. Provides that interest shall be credited to the account of each participant in the prosecuting attorneys' retirement fund at least annually. Specifies the repayment conditions that apply if a participant of the judges' retirement system or a fund member of the 1977 police officers' and firefighters' pension and disability fund withdraws from the respective fund and again becomes a participant or member of the respective fund at a later date. For purposes of the PERF and state teachers' retirement fund: (1) adds survivors and beneficiaries to provisions related to recouping, stopping, or terminating benefits; (2) provides that if an overpayment occurs, the board may not require a member, survivor, or beneficiary to pay more than 25% of their monthly benefit toward the overpayment; and (3) provides that if an overpayment began before July 1, 2015 and was caused by no fault of the member, survivor, or beneficiary, the board may only require a member, survivor, or beneficiary to pay the amount of the overpayment of benefits received during the six years before the date INPRS discovers the overpayment and attempts to provide notice of the overpayment. Provides that the budget agency may transfer appropriations from federal or dedicated funds to the retiree health benefit trust fund.  (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the interim study committee on pension management oversight.)
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Annexation.. Description: Annexation. Provides, with certain exceptions, that the following apply to annexations for which an annexation ordinance is adopted after May 14, 2021: (1) A municipality initiating an annexation must file a petition with the court signed by: (A) at least 51% of the owners of land that is not exempt from property taxes in the annexation territory; or (B) the owners of more than 75% in assessed valuation of land that is not exempt from property taxes in the annexation territory. (2) If the petition filed by the municipality has enough signatures, the court must hold a hearing to review the annexation. (3) Adds provisions regarding the validity of a signature on an annexation petition. (4) Eliminates the remonstrance procedure for annexations and reimbursement of remonstrator's attorney's fees and costs. (5) Provides that remonstrance waivers are void for annexations for which the annexation ordinance is adopted after May 14, 2021. (6) Provides that a settlement agreement in lieu of annexation that is executed after May 14, 2021, is void. (7) Eliminates provisions regarding the contiguity of a public highway. Eliminates provisions that prohibit an annexation from taking effect in the year preceding the year that a federal decennial census is conducted.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Popcorn grown in Indiana.. Description: Popcorn grown in Indiana. Designates popcorn grown in Indiana as the official state snack of Indiana.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Interstate compact transportation fund.. Description: Interstate compact transportation fund. Allows a community corrections agency to access funds from the county offender transportation fund to defray the cost of transporting offenders and delinquent children as requested by a court, a probation department, a community corrections agency, or a county sheriff.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Property taxes.. Description: Property taxes. Authorizes a county fiscal body to adopt an ordinance to provide a credit against property tax liability for qualified individuals. Defines a "qualified individual" for purposes of the credit. Provides that the ordinance may designate: (1) all of the territory of the county; or (2) one or more specific geographic territories within the county; as an area in which qualified individuals may apply for the credit. Provides that the credit amount is equal to the amount by which property taxes on the property increased by more than 2% from the prior year (excluding any property tax liability imposed in a voter approved referendum levy). Provides that the credit does not effect the allocation of taxes to a referendum fund. Requires a qualified individual who desires to claim the credit to file a certified statement with the county auditor. Provides that the county auditor shall apply the credit in succeeding years after the certified statement is filed unless the auditor determines that the individual is no longer eligible for the credit or the county fiscal body rescinds the ordinance. Provides a penalty for wrongly receiving the credit that is the same as the penalty for wrongly receiving the homestead standard deduction.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education and higher education matters.. Description: Education and higher education matters. Amends requirements regarding the development of a student's graduation plan. Provides that a student who is at least 17 years of age has full legal capacity to enter into a contract for a next generation Hoosier educators scholarship. Provides that the requirement that a postsecondary credit bearing proprietary educational institution that ceases operation submit student records to the Indiana archives and records administration applies regardless of any outstanding debts owed to the institution. Repeals a provision that requires a student to develop an initial graduation plan in grade 6.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Drug schedules.. Description: Drug schedules. Adds new scheduled drugs to the statutory drug schedules.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Audiology and speech-language pathology compact.. Description: Audiology and speech-language pathology compact. Enacts the audiology and speech-language pathology interstate compact. Establishes requirements regarding: (1) speech-language pathology assistants; and (2) the supervision of speech-language pathology support personnel. Requires the speech-language pathology and audiology board to adopt rules not later than June 30, 2022. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: First day of school and school calendar study.. Description: First day of school and school calendar study. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate study committee the task of studying requirements regarding the first day of school dates and school calendars.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Whistleblower reports.. Description: Whistleblower reports. Allows an employee who is reporting misconduct concerning the execution of a public contract to make an oral report or a report by electronic mail. (Current law requires that such a report be in writing.)
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Renaming cities.. Description: Renaming cities. Provides that the statute that permits a city to change its name does not apply to a city if the city is named in the Constitution of the State of Indiana or in the Indiana Code. Provides the following with regard to a petition to change the name of a city: (1) Petitioners must file the petition with the county board of registration signed by the number of voters equal to 2% of the votes cast in the last election for secretary of state in the city. (2) If the county board of registration finds that the petition meets the statutory criteria, the county election board shall place the question of the name change on the ballot provided for voters in the city at the first general or municipal election following certification of the public question.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Disclosures related to prescription drugs.. Description: Disclosures related to prescription drugs. Beginning January 1, 2022, requires a state employee health plan, a policy of accident and sickness insurance, and a health maintenance organization contract to provide to a covered individual the maximum allowable cost of a generic drug on the written materials provided at the point of sale. Provides that if an agreement between a health plan and a pharmacy benefit manager that is entered into or renewed after December 31, 2021, provides that less than 85% of the estimated rebates will be deducted from the cost of prescription drugs before a covered individual's cost sharing requirement is determined, the pharmacy benefit manager must provide the policyholder with a notice on an annual basis that includes: (1) an explanation of what a rebate is; (2) an explanation of how rebates accrue to the health plan from the manufacturer; and (3) the aggregate amount of rebates that accrued to the health plan for prescription drugs dispensed under the policyholder's health plan for the previous year.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Sentencing.. Description: Sentencing. Provides that a court may suspend only that part of a sentence that is in excess of the minimum sentence for a person convicted of a Level 2 or Level 3 felony who has a prior unrelated felony conviction, other than a conviction for a felony involving marijuana, hashish, hash oil, or salvia divinorum. (Current law provides that a court may suspend any part of a sentence for certain Level 2 and Level 3 felony convictions, including drug related convictions.)
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: License suspension and transport of passengers during probationary period.. Description: License suspension and transport of passengers during probationary period. Increases the penalty for operating a motor vehicle containing passengers during the initial 180 day probationary period after issuance of a driver's license and permits license suspension for a violation. Allows a court to suspend the license of a person convicted of operating a motor vehicle after failing to take a prescribed medication.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Kids first trust fund board.. Description: Kids first trust fund board. Allows the Indiana kids first trust fund board (board) to create a nonprofit subsidiary corporation to solicit and accept private funding, gifts, donations, bequests, devises, and contributions. Provides that the members of the board serve terms of four years (rather than two years under current law) and provides for the terms of the appointed members of the board to be staggered. Provides that a majority of the appointed members of the board constitutes a quorum for purposes of board meetings. Provides that an affirmative vote of the majority of the board members participating in a board meeting is required for the board to take action at the meeting. Provides that: (1) the board; and (2) the board of directors of a subsidiary corporation formed by the board; must post meeting minutes to the Internet not later than 10 days after the minutes are approved. Requires the board to study the topic of establishing a nonprofit subsidiary corporation and provide a report to the general assembly with the board's findings.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Central Indiana public transportation projects.. Description: Central Indiana public transportation projects. Requires the budget agency to withhold local income tax revenue from an eligible county if the eligible county fails to raise certain revenues for a public transportation project. (Current law requires eligible counties to raise: (1) 10% of the annual operating expenses of the project from sources other than taxes and fares; and (2) 25% of the annual operating expenses of the project from fares and charges.) Specifies that the amount of local income taxes withheld from an eligible county may not diminish the amount of money distributed to the eligible county for deposit in the eligible county's public transportation fund below the amount required to pay its debt service obligations for bonds issued for purposes of a public transportation project. Prohibits Marion County from creating additional IndyGo bus rapid transit lines if the revenue requirements are not met.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Ordinances.. Description: Ordinances. Requires the health and hospital corporation of Marion County to post notice of an ordinance pending final action on the corporation's official Internet web site.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacy benefit managers.. Description: Pharmacy benefit managers. Allows a public employer and a self-funded health plan to use a reverse auction to procure the services of a pharmacy benefit manager. Requires an audit of prescription drug cost sharing for the state Medicaid program once every three state fiscal years. Requires a pharmacy benefit manager to: (1) perform its contractual duties in good faith and in observance of reasonable commercial standards of fair dealing; and (2) notify a health plan in writing if any activity, policy, or practice of the pharmacy benefit manager presents a conflict of interest. Adds requirements of pharmacy benefit managers when denying an appeal of the maximum allowable cost pricing of a prescription drug. Requires the department of insurance (department) to develop a process for complaints regarding pharmacy benefit managers. Requires a pharmacy benefit manager to provide the department with certain information within 20 business days after the date of a complaint. Prohibits a pharmacy benefit manager from requiring a pharmacy to obtain a signature from an individual for a prescription or immunization during a public health emergency. Requires the legislative services agency to conduct a study of market concentration in Indiana of: (1) the health insurance industry; (2) the hospital industry; (3) the professions of licensed health care practitioners; (4) the retail pharmaceutical industry; (5) the pharmacy benefit manager industry; and (6) the pharmacy services administrative organization industry, including its relationship to pharmaceutical wholesalers. Requires the legislative services agency to present the findings of the study not later than September 1, 2022.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Alcohol matters.. Description: Alcohol matters. Provides that the bulk wine purchasing limits for farm wineries apply only to wine sold directly to a consumer in Indiana, and that no limit is imposed on the amount of bulk wine that may be used in producing wine sold through a wholesaler or sold outside of Indiana. Allows the holder of an artisan distiller permit to also hold a distiller's permit. Provides that a holder of an artisan distiller's permit that also holds an interest in a distiller's permit may manufacture and bottle liquor on the same equipment on the premises of the artisan distillery. Requires a permit holder to store liquor manufactured or bottled under an artisan distiller's permit in an area separate and distinct at all times from the liquor manufactured under a distiller's permit. Also requires that the manufacture, bottling, and storage of liquor under certain provisions must conform with federal laws, rules, and regulations.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Housing matters.. Description: Housing matters. Eliminates the general restriction on the authority of a county, city, town, or township concerning regulation of landlord-tenant relationship matters not specifically described by state statute.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Delaware circuit courts.. Description: Delaware circuit courts. Removes the sixth circuit court in Delaware County.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: St. Joseph County innkeeper's tax.. Description: St. Joseph County innkeeper's tax. Provides that the innkeeper's tax board of managers (board of managers) shall support and assist the Potawatomi Zoo to secure bonds up to a term of 20 years to pay costs associated with financing projects for the Potawatomi Zoo. Authorizes the county fiscal body to adopt an ordinance to increase the tax rate to not more than 8% on a person renting or furnishing lodging accommodations in St. Joseph County. (Under current law, the tax rate is 6%.) Provides that if the county fiscal body adopts an ordinance to increase the tax rate, the county fiscal body must specify the effective date that the ordinance takes effect and immediately send a certified copy of the ordinance to the commissioner of the department of state revenue. Creates the Morris Performing Arts Center fund, which shall be administered by the board of managers. Creates the tourism capital investment fund, which shall be administered by the board of managers. Establishes an application process to award investment money to projects that have a substantial likelihood of increasing overnight guests in the hotel motel industry of St. Joseph County. Specifies the amount of tax revenue that the county treasurer shall deposit in the: (1) convention and exhibition center fund; (2) Mishawaka indoor sports complex fund; (3) Potawatomi Zoo fund; (4) Morris Performing Arts Center fund; and (5) tourism capital investment fund.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Theft and sale of catalytic converters and valuable metals.. Description: Theft and sale of catalytic converters and valuable metals. Provides that the theft of a component part of a motor vehicle, including a catalytic converter, is a Level 6 felony. Expands qualifying prior convictions for Level 6 felony theft to include robbery and burglary. Provides that a valuable metal dealer who: (1) knowingly or intentionally fails to comply with certain statutes regulating the purchase of a valuable metal; and (2) purchases a stolen valuable metal; commits a Level 6 felony.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Housing with services establishment disclosures.. Description: Housing with services establishment disclosures. Requires housing with services establishments to make certain disclosures concerning Alzheimer's and dementia special care and file the disclosure with the division of aging. Requires the division of aging to publish the disclosures.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Agreements between beer wholesalers and suppliers.. Description: Agreements between beer wholesalers and suppliers. Requires a primary source of supply (primary source) that wants to amend, cancel, terminate, or refuse to renew a distribution agreement entered into with a beer wholesaler to: (1) act in good faith, with good cause, and with due regard for the equities of the beer wholesaler; and (2) provide written notice. Provides that a primary source has a right to amend, cancel, terminate, or refuse to renew distribution agreements with all beer wholesalers that have entered into the same distribution agreement with the primary source and are located in the United States. Prohibits a primary source or beer wholesaler from waiving any provisions of the law regarding distribution agreements.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Victim's rights and investigations.. Description: Victim's rights and investigations. Establishes a procedure permitting an immediate family member of a deceased individual to request the superintendent of the state police department to conduct a new investigation into the death of the individual if: (1) a local law enforcement agency has determined that the death was not the result of a criminal act by a third party; (2) the individual was not under the care of a physician or the victim of medical malpractice; and (3) the family member has a reasonable suspicion that the death was the result of a criminal act by a third party.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Lake Central White hockey team.. Description: Congratulating Lake Central White hockey team.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Native American Indian affairs commission.. Description: Native American Indian affairs commission. Changes the membership requirements for members of the Native American Indian affairs commission as follows: (1) Specifies that eight, rather than six, members must be Native American Indians from different geographic regions of Indiana. (2) Adds two nonvoting members appointed by the minority leaders of the senate and house of representatives. (3) Removes the requirement that two members must be Native American Indians who have knowledge in Native American traditions and spiritual issues. (4) Replaces the commissioner of the commission for higher education or the commissioner's designee as an ex officio member with the director of the department of child services or the director's designee. (5) Provides that not more than two members of the commission may represent the same tribe or organization. (Current law limits a particular tribe or organization to one member.)
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Home based vendors.. Description: Home based vendors. Requires that the state department of health, state board of animal health, and state department of agriculture shall, in consultation with industry groups and food safety experts, submit recommendations concerning home based vendors to the general assembly.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Prosecuting attorneys.. Description: Prosecuting attorneys. Permits a prosecuting attorney to purchase a crime insurance policy instead of executing a surety bond. Allows a prosecuting attorney or deputy prosecuting attorney to solemnize a marriage. Permits the department of child services (DCS) or a prosecuting attorney to file a paternity action if the mother, the person with whom the child resides, the alleged father, or DCS has applied for services under Title IV-D of the federal Social Security Act. Requires a prosecuting attorney to investigate information received about the commission of a felony, a misdemeanor, acts of delinquency, or an infraction. Allows a prosecuting attorney to issue subpoenas or ask a court with jurisdiction to issue subpoenas, search warrants, or any other process necessary to support or aid an investigation. Broadens the types of expenses a county auditor pays for in connection with a criminal case. Allows a prosecuting attorney to appoint employees with the approval of the county council. Allows the prosecuting attorneys council of Indiana (council) to call two conferences each year and specifies who may attend the conferences. Requires the council to conduct training for prosecuting attorneys and their staffs. Renames the drug prosecution fund as the substance abuse prosecution fund.  Makes other changes and conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Protection of monuments, memorials, and statues.. Description: Protection of monuments, memorials, and statues. Requires the state police department to prioritize the investigation and prosecution of persons who destroy, damage, vandalize, or desecrate a monument, memorial, or statue. Requires the state police department to assist political subdivisions in the investigation and prosecution of persons who destroy, damage, vandalize, or desecrate a monument, memorial, or statue. Provides that discretionary funding for a political subdivision may not be withheld from a political subdivision in certain circumstances. Provides that a state agency may provide discretionary funding to a political subdivision for a respective grant program after considering whether the political subdivision has taken all appropriate enforcement actions to protect public monuments, memorials, and statues from destruction or vandalism. Defines "discretionary funding". Adds enhanced penalties to the crime of rioting.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Revised Uniform Unclaimed Property Act.. Description: Revised Uniform Unclaimed Property Act. Repeals the unclaimed property act and replaces it with the revised unclaimed property act. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Crown Point Varsity hockey team.. Description: Congratulating Crown Point Varsity hockey team.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Obstruction of traffic.. Description: Obstruction of traffic. Increases the penalty for obstruction of traffic under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Proof of mailing date.. Description: Proof of mailing date. Provides that payment mailed to the county treasurer with metered postage is timely received if: (1) the envelope is properly addressed to the principal office of the county treasurer; (2) the envelope has sufficient metered postage from a meter postage provider approved by the United States Postal Service; (3) the metered postage is affixed to the envelope and bears the actual date of when it was affixed and that date is on or before the due date; and (4) the envelope is received by the county treasurer not later than five business days after the due date. Provides that a taxpayer is subject to a penalty of 5% of the amount of delinquent taxes if a payment to the county treasurer is: (1) mailed or deposited with a parcel carrier by the thirtieth day after the due date (the initial penalty period) and the postmark, certificate of delivery, or other evidence indicates the date of the mailing or deposit; or (2) mailed and affixed with a metered postage stamp indicating a date not later than the thirtieth day after the due date and the payment is received by the county treasurer not later than five business days after the thirtieth day after the due date. Provides that if a payment is mailed and received not later than 30 days after the due date without a legible post mark, the person is considered to have made the payment by the thirtieth day after the due date, if the person can show by reasonable evidence that the payment was timely mailed. Provides that if a payment is mailed or sent by parcel carrier but not received by the thirtieth day after the due date, the person is considered to have made the payment by the thirtieth day after the due date, if the person can show by reasonable evidence that the payment was timely mailed and makes a duplicate payment within 30 days after the person is notified that the payment was not received.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Requires the state board of education (state board) to adopt administrative rules to allow an organization to provide credit under a Core 40 curriculum model for alternative programs in which students obtain credit counting toward the student's graduation requirements from nonschool educational experience that applies or incorporates content area knowledge in lieu of a required or elective course in the Core 40 curriculum model.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Criminal law issues.. Description: Criminal law issues. Specifies that a conviction for certain sex offenses requires mandatory revocation of a teaching license. Provides that bail provisions that apply to persons on probation and parole also apply to persons on community supervision. Removes and replaces certain references to "official investigations", "official proceedings", and methods of reporting. Adds to the crime of resisting law enforcement the act of forcibly resisting, refusing, obstructing, or interfering with a law enforcement officer's lawful: (1) entry into a structure; or (2) order to exit a structure. Provides that all Level 1 and Level 2 felonies may be prosecuted at any time. Repeals synthetic identity deception and consolidates it with identity deception. Makes attempted murder a predicate offense for the use of a firearm sentence enhancement. Makes certain changes to the definition of "substantially similar" for purposes of the controlled substance law. Adds controlled substance analogs to certain statutes prohibiting controlled substances in penal facilities. Replaces references to delta-9 THC with THC. Repeals and consolidates various fraud and deception offenses. Defines "financial institution" for purposes of crimes involving financial institutions. Defines "pecuniary loss" for purposes of fraud in connection with insurance. Repeals or decriminalizes certain infrequently charged misdemeanors. Makes fraud a Level 4 felony if the amount involved is at least $100,000. Defines attempted murder as a "serious violent felony". Amends the definition of "emergency medical services provider" for the offense of battery to include a staff member in the emergency department of a hospital. Provides a procedure for a law enforcement officer to request a blood sample if the law enforcement officer has probable cause to believe that a person has committed the offense of operating a vehicle or motorboat while intoxicated causing: (1) serious bodily injury; or (2) death or catastrophic injury. Provides that the law enforcement training board may establish certain standards for training programs. Resolves technical conflicts with SEA 81, HEA 1006, and HEA 1564. Makes technical corrections. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Rioting.. Description: Rioting. Grants, until January 1, 2025, the attorney general concurrent jurisdiction with the prosecuting attorney to prosecute an action in which a person is accused of committing a criminal offense while a member of an unlawful assembly. Permits the chief executive officer of a political subdivision to establish a curfew under certain circumstances. Makes refusing to leave a location in violation of a curfew, after having been informed of the curfew and ordered to leave by a law enforcement officer, a Class B misdemeanor. Allows for the civil forfeiture of property that is used by a person to finance a crime committed by a person who is a member of an unlawful assembly. Prohibits a person from being released on bail without a hearing in open court, establishes a rebuttable presumption that money bail shall be required, and requires a court to consider whether bail conditions more stringent than the local guidelines should be imposed. Adds enhanced penalties to the crimes of: (1) rioting; and (2) obstruction of traffic. Allows a conspiracy charge for a misdemeanor committed while a member of an unlawful assembly. Provides that a person may recover actual damages in a civil action against a county, city, or town (unit) for loss of property proximately caused by an unlawful assembly, if the unit recklessly fails to exercise reasonable diligence to prevent or suppress the unlawful assembly.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Self-defense.. Description: Self-defense. Specifies that "reasonable force" includes the pointing of a loaded or unloaded firearm for purposes of arrest or to prevent an escape, or for self-defense when used to
prevent or terminate the an unlawful entry of or attack on a dwelling, curtilage, fixed place of business, motor vehicle, or aircraft in flight.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Chief of Police William "Andy" Short as the first African American Chief to the city of Hammond.. Description: Honoring Chief of Police William "Andy" Short as the first African American Chief to the city of Hammond.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Noncompliant prosecuting attorney.. Description: Noncompliant prosecuting attorney. Permits the attorney general to request the appointment of a special prosecuting attorney if a prosecuting attorney is categorically refusing to prosecute certain crimes, and establishes a procedure for the appointment of a person to serve as a special prosecuting attorney to prosecute cases that the county prosecuting attorney is refusing to prosecute.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Operating while intoxicated.. Description: Operating while intoxicated. Provides a defense to prosecution for a person who operates a vehicle with marijuana or its metabolite in the person's blood under certain conditions.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Hospital and health facility visitation.. Description: Hospital and health facility visitation. Allows a person admitted as a patient to a hospital or ambulatory outpatient surgical center (facility) to receive visitation by specified individuals during a declared emergency or public health emergency. Requires visitors to comply with applicable disease control or prevention guidelines issued by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services or the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention when visiting a patient. Requires a facility to permit the visitation of a person admitted as a patient in a facility during specified compassionate care scenarios. Allows a facility to limit visitation in certain instances. Provides certain civil immunity for a facility, its employees, and contractors for an injury or harm caused by or resulting from: (1) the exposure of a contagious disease or other harmful agent that is specified during a disaster emergency; or (2) acts or omissions by visitors who are present in the facility; as a result of the implementation of the required protocols. Requires health facilities and residential care facilities (health facilities) to allow visitation of a resident in a compassionate care situation. Requires the state department of health to adopt standards and guidelines concerning the essential family caregiver program during a declared emergency or public health emergency and requires facilities to participate in the program. Allows for the designation of an essential family caregiver for a resident of a health facility and allows for visitation during restricted visitation at the health facility. Specifies requirements for an individual to be designated as an essential family caregiver and allows for the reconsideration and reporting of a denial of a request for designation. Allows the state department of health to adopt certain rules concerning the program. Provides certain civil immunity for a health facility, its employees, and contractors for an injury or harm caused by or resulting from: (1) the exposure of a contagious disease or other harmful agent that is specified during a disaster emergency; or (2) acts or omissions by visitors who are present in the health facility; as a result of the implementation of the required protocols.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: High ability students and education studies.. Description: High ability students and education studies. Removes the topic of the department of education's responsibility for licensing teachers from the list of statutes that the legislative council is urged to assign to a study committee during the 2021 legislative interim. Removes the topic of high ability students (including high ability curriculum) from the list of statutes that the legislative council is urged to assign to a study committee during the 2021 legislative interim. Adds certain education topics to the list of statutes that the legislative council is urged to assign to a study committee during the 2023 legislative interim. Removes an expired proposed study topic.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Health care advance directives.. Description: Health care advance directives. Allows an individual to make a health care advance directive that gives instructions or expresses preferences or desires concerning any aspect of the individual's health care or health information and to designate a health care representative to make health care decisions and receive health information for the individual. Consolidates definitions of "life prolonging procedures". Requires the state department of health to prepare a sample advance directive. Provides that the appointment of a representative or attorney in fact to consent to health care that was legally executed before January 1, 2023, is valid as executed. Adds definitions of "notarial officer", "observe", "present", and "telephonic interaction" to allow a mentally competent declarant to sign an advance directive by using technology to interact in real time with a notarial officer or with two attesting witnesses. Specifies certain prerequisites when witnessing specified directives through telephonic interaction. Provides for remote witnessing or signing of separate paper counterparts that are assembled later into a complete composite paper advance directive. Provides that the new health care directive provisions do not affect the consent provisions concerning abortion or a minor's medical or hospital care and treatment with respect to the minor's pregnancy, delivery, or postpartum care. Provides that an attending advanced practice registered nurse or physician assistant may perform the same functions and have the same responsibilities as an attending physician for purposes of an out of hospital do not resuscitate declaration. Adds cross references. Defines certain terms. Makes conforming changes. Makes technical changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Teacher training.. Description: Teacher training. Requires the department of education (department) to provide an initial practitioner license to an individual that competes an alternative teacher certification program. Requires the individual to complete a one year clinical experience program. Provides that the individual may not teach a special education course or be a teacher of record for a special education student. Provides that a school corporation, charter school, or state accredited nonpublic school shall submit a plan to the department if the school corporation, charter school, or state accredited nonpublic school hires one or more individuals who have received an initial practitioner license. Requires a teacher preparation program to include curriculum that instructs teachers about social emotional learning practices that are helpful in supporting students who have experienced trauma. Mandates that a teacher preparation program consider training teachers on evidence based social emotional learning practices that are consistent with the state's social emotional learning competencies established by the department of education. Makes conforming changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the legislative council to assign to an appropriate study committee the topic of financial security in retirement for all Hoosiers.. Description: Urging the legislative council to assign to an appropriate study committee the topic of financial security in retirement for all Hoosiers.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Highway finances.. Description: Highway finances. Reduces the required percentage amount of the motor vehicle highway account distributions that counties, cities, and towns must use for the construction, reconstruction, and preservation of highways from 50% in current law to 40% in calendar years beginning January 1, 2022, and ending December 31, 2023. Provides that, for a period in which the reduction applies, the term "preservation" includes both snow removal and expenditures for deicing road salt or similar deicing agents. Requires counties, cities, and towns that apply the reduced required percentage amounts authorized under the bill to submit to the local technical assistance program at Purdue University in conjunction with the Indiana department of transportation (LTAP) a detailed itemization of the uses of the funds in the calendar year that were for: (1) purposes other than construction, reconstruction, and preservation; and (2) preservation that included only snow removal and expenditures for deicing road salt or similar deicing agents. Requires the LTAP to present a statewide aggregate report of the results received from counties, cities, and towns to the state budget committee for each year.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Foster care program tax credit.. Description: Foster care program tax credit. Provides a tax credit for a taxpayer that makes a monetary contribution to a qualifying foster care organization. Defines a "qualifying foster care organization" as an organization that (1) is exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code; (2) provides foster care prevention services and programs or direct assistance to individuals in the foster care system; (3) spends at least 50% of its available revenue on qualified services to Indiana residents; (4) affirms it will continue spending at least 50% of its available revenue on qualified services to Indiana residents; and (5) provides ongoing qualified services to at least 200 Indiana residents. Provides that the department of state revenue (department) shall grant a tax credit against any state tax liability due equal to 50% of the amount of the monetary contribution by a person to a qualifying foster care organization. Provides that the tax credit that a taxpayer receives may not exceed $10,000 for any taxable year. Provides that the amount of tax credits allowed may not exceed $2,000,000 in the state fiscal year. Provides that to claim a tax credit an application must be filed with the department. Provides that the department shall promptly notify an applicant whether, or the extent to which, the tax credit is allowable in the state fiscal year in which the application is filed. Provides that when the total credits approved equal the maximum amount allowable in any state fiscal year, no application thereafter filed for that fiscal year shall be approved. Provides that the tax credit chapter expires in 2025.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Worker's compensation.. Description: Worker's compensation. Provides that if, after the occurrence of an accident, compensation is paid for temporary total disability or temporary partial disability, then the two year limitation period to file an application for adjustment of claim begins to run on the last date for which such compensation was paid. Increases benefits for injuries and disablements by 2% each year for three years, beginning on July 1, 2021. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Certified technology parks.. Description: Certified technology parks. Specifies additional information that a certified technology park (park) is required to provide to the Indiana economic development corporation (corporation) in the course of a review. Provides that if a park has reached the limit on deposits and maintains its certification the park shall become a Level 2 park. Increases, from $100,000 to $250,000, the annual additional incremental income tax deposit amount that a park captures once it has reached its limit on deposits. Clarifies the calculation of the additional incremental income tax deposit amount in the year in which a park reaches its limit on deposits. Provides that when the corporation certifies a Level 2 park the corporation shall make a determination of whether the park shall continue to be designated as a Level 2 park.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Low income housing.. Description: Low income housing. Reinstates provisions that were repealed in the 2016 session in Senate Bill 309 regarding eligibility for the property tax exemption for improvements on real property that are constructed, rehabilitated, or acquired for the purpose of providing low income housing. Provides that payments in lieu of taxes (PILOTS) may be required from a property owner claiming such an exemption.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Redevelopment projects.. Description: Redevelopment projects. Provides for an expiration date of an allocation area of not more than 50 years in the case of an allocation area established by the redevelopment commission of a qualified city for the purpose of financing a mixed use development project, but only if the legislative body of the qualified city adopts a resolution to approve an independent analysis with regard to the proposed development project that demonstrates the need for an allocation area that exceeds 25 years. Authorizes a qualified city, subject to the same requirement for a resolution of the legislative body, to enter into leases financed with incremental tax revenue from the allocation area for a term not to exceed 50 years for the purpose of financing a mixed use development project. Defines "qualified city" and "mixed use development project" for purposes of these provisions. Provides, that if in any state fiscal year the IEDC determines that it will award an amount of tax credits under $1,000,000, the IEDC must first receive state budget committee review. Establishes the regional economic acceleration and development initiative (READI) fund to provide grants and loans to support economic development and regional economic acceleration and development. Provides that the IEDC administers the fund. Provides that the board of the IEDC (board) may review applications for grants and loans from the fund. Allows the board to form a strategic review committee. Requires the IEDC to establish a policy for the regional economic acceleration and development initiative. Makes an appropriation.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Township homeless assistance.. Description: Township homeless assistance. Establishes the low barrier homeless shelter task force. Beginning July 1, 2022: (1) allows a township trustee to place a homeless individual temporarily in a county home or provide temporary township assistance; and (2) requires the township trustees within a county to collaborate and prepare a list of public and private resources available to the homeless population that is distributed and published on the county's Internet web site, if the county has a web site, not later than March 1 of each year. Provides that a person commits the offense of criminal trespass if: (1) the person, who does not have a contractual interest in the property, knowingly or intentionally enters or refuses to leave the property of another person after having been prohibited from entering or asked to leave the property by a law enforcement officer when the property is designated by a municipality or county enforcement authority to be an unsafe building or premises; or (2) the person knowingly or intentionally enters the property of another person after being denied entry by a court order that has been issued to the person or issued to the general public by conspicuous posting on or around the premises in areas where a person can observe the order when the property has been designated by a municipality or county enforcement authority to be an unsafe building or premises; unless the person has the written permission of the owner, the owner's agent, an enforcement authority, or a court to come onto the property for purposes of performing maintenance, repair, or demolition. Provides that an individual who harasses another person with the intent to obtain property from the other person commits aggressive harassment, a Class C misdemeanor. Defines "harasses". Repeals the chapter concerning panhandling.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Enforcement of pesticide violations.. Description: Enforcement of pesticide violations. Provides a list of violations for which the state chemist may impose a civil penalty. Eliminates the schedule of civil penalties as adopted by the Indiana pesticide review board. (Under current law, the state chemist imposes a civil penalty in accordance with a schedule of civil penalties as adopted by the Indiana pesticide review board.) Provides that the state chemist may adjust a civil penalty by 20% for certain violations if a person responsible for the violation takes mitigating actions.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Bill Eldridge upon his retirement from the Kokomo Perspective.. Description: Honoring Bill Eldridge upon his retirement from the Kokomo Perspective.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Exposure risk diseases.. Description: Exposure risk diseases. Adds any variant of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), including coronavirus disease (COVID-19), to the list of diseases considered an exposure risk disease for purposes of emergency and public safety employee death and disability presumed in the line of duty. Provides, for any employee who is diagnosed after June 30, 2021, with a health condition caused by any variant of SARS, including COVID-19, that if the health condition results in disability or death and the employee wishes to have a presumption of disability or death incurred in the line of duty apply to the employee, the employee shall, by written affidavit executed before death, provide verification that the employee has not, outside the scope of the employee's current employment, been exposed to another individual known to have any variant of SARS, including COVID-19. Makes technical corrections.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: TANF eligibility.. Description: TANF eligibility. Sets the income eligibility requirements for the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program at phased-in specified percentages of the federal income poverty level. Requires the division of family resources to amend the state TANF plan or take any other action necessary to implement the income requirements. Increases certain payment amounts under the TANF program. Requires the payments to be annually adjusted using the Social Security cost of living adjustment rate, but provides that the total adjustment in a year must be reduced to the extent the adjustment would result in the transfer to the Child Care and Development Fund grant program being less than the maximum allowable transfer under federal law. Authorizes emergency rulemaking concerning the payments. Repeals language requiring the division of family resources to apply a percentage reduction to the total needs of TANF applicants and recipients in computing TANF benefits.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Withholding tax remittance.. Description: Withholding tax remittance. Requires the department of state revenue (department) to provide written notice, by electronic means, to each employer that is registered in the department's online INTIME program and whose employer's Form WH-1 monthly withholding tax report or withholding tax remittance is past due. Requires each payroll service provider to annually register with the department beginning January 1, 2022. Specifies the contents of the annual registration form. Defines "payroll service provider" and "responsible person" for purposes of these provisions. Provides that the department may charge an annual payroll service provider registration fee for purposes of the registration program. Provides that a provider shall be permitted to retain any income generated on business client (client) funds while held in a provider's legal possession pending remittance to authorized payees if the client agreement expressly permits it and the provider complies with certain rules. Provides that a payroll service provider contract must include a provision that specifies that if the payroll service provider fails to deposit or remit a business client's employer withholding taxes when due, and the failure is caused by an error or omission of the payroll service provider and not by the business client, the payroll service provider shall be required to reimburse the business client for the business client's payment of any penalties or interest assessed by the department as a result of the failure. Provides that, if a provider knowingly or intentionally fails to remit taxes withheld, the provider is liable and responsible persons shall be personally liable for such taxes that were withheld and not remitted, along with penalties and interest. Provides that a responsible person of the provider who knowingly or intentionally fails to remit taxes that were withheld commits a Class A misdemeanor, and increases the penalty depending on the amount of taxes that were not remitted. Provides that the liability shall not be construed to relieve the liability of the employer or any person otherwise with a duty to withhold. Provides that the employer's address shall be the address of record with the department for withholding tax purposes and that a payroll service provider may not change the address of record with the department.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Land banks.. Description: Land banks. Provides that a county fiscal body may adopt an ordinance requiring that, for the five years after a tract is purchased from a land bank, 50% of the amount of property taxes paid on the tract must be transferred to the land bank. Requires a county executive to provide a land bank in the county with a list of tracts located in the territory of the land bank that: (1) are delinquent on property taxes; and (2) have been offered for public sale at least two times and remain unsold; on an annual basis, and permits the county executive to transfer its interest in a tract on the list to a land bank if requested by the land bank not later than 30 days after it receives the list.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Designated outdoor refreshment areas.. Description: Designated outdoor refreshment areas. Modifies the term "entertainment complex." Allows a county or municipality to designate an area of the county or municipality as an outdoor refreshment area (refreshment area) with the approval of the alcohol and tobacco commission (commission). Provides that if a refreshment area is approved, the commission designates retailer permittees (designated permittees) located within the refreshment area. Allows a consumer to exit a designated permittee's premises with one open container of an alcoholic beverage at a time to consume within the refreshment area. Limits the volume of an open container (based upon the type of alcoholic beverage) that a designated permittee may sell or furnish to a consumer for a refreshment area. Requires a consumer to wear a wristband in order to exit a licensed premises into a refreshment area with an open container. Allows a minor to be present in a refreshment area. Allows a county or municipality to adopt an ordinance at any time to dissolve a refreshment area. Makes the following acts a Class C infraction: (1) A person who exits a designated permittee's premises with an open container of an alcoholic beverage without wearing a wristband identification. (2) A designated permittee who allows a person with an open container of an alcoholic beverage to exit the premises without wearing a wristband identification. (3) A designated permittee who sells or furnishes a person with: (A) an open container of an alcoholic beverage that exceeds the container volume limitations; or (B) two or more open containers of alcoholic beverages at a time. (4) A person who consumes an open container of an alcoholic beverage purchased from a designated permittee outside the refreshment area. (5) A person who brings an alcoholic beverage into a refreshment area that was not purchased from a designated permittee.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Remote provision of child and family services.. Description: Remote provision of child and family services. Requires the department of child services (department) to establish before October 1, 2021, policies and procedures to allow for child and family services to be provided remotely. Specifies factors that a child and family services provider and the department may consider in making a determination as to whether remote provision of services is appropriate for a child. Provides that a child and family services provider's first meeting with a family, or with a child who lives with the child's family, must be conducted in person unless a declared health emergency makes an in person meeting unsafe. Provides that after a child and family services provider's first meeting with a family or with a child who lives with the child's family, or for purposes of providing services to a child who does not live with the child's family, the provider has the discretion to provide services to the family or child remotely for up to 14 days after the initial request for consultation if providing services remotely is in the best interest of the child and family, unless: (1) a decision is reached on the use of remote services at a child and family team meeting less than 14 days after the request for consultation; or (2) the department communicates to the provider a preliminary determination as to the role of remote services pending the child and family team meeting.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Female genital mutilation.. Description: Female genital mutilation. Requires the office of women's health to perform certain actions relating to female genital mutilation. Provides that a child is a child in need of services if before the child becomes 18 years of age the child is a victim of female genital mutilation. Provides that a person who: (1) knowingly or intentionally performs the act of female genital mutilation on a child who is less than 18 years of age; (2) is a parent, guardian, or custodian of a child and consents to, permits, or facilitates the act of female genital mutilation to be performed on the child; or (3) knowingly transports or facilitates the transportation of a child for the purpose of having the act of female genital mutilation performed on the child; commits the offense of female genital mutilation, a Level 3 felony. Provides a defense to prosecution of female genital mutilation. Provides certain circumstances where a defense to prosecution of female genital mutilation does not apply. Defines "female genital mutilation". Provides that the license of a physician or a licensed health care professional shall be permanently revoked if the physician or licensed health care professional commits the offense of female genital mutilation. Provides that a person who has reason to believe that a child may be a victim of female genital mutilation has a duty to report the child abuse or neglect. Provides that an action for civil female genital mutilation must be commenced not later than 10 years after the eighteenth birthday of the child. Provides that a victim may seek certain remedies in an action against the defendant for civil female genital mutilation.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Patient lift services.. Description: Patient lift services. Provides that attendant care services include the use of lift equipment. Requires a personal services agency that provides lift services to have liability insurance. Provides that a client who receives attendant care services may decline assistance with any component of the attendant care services. Specifies that a client is not required to use lift equipment when lift services are provided. Requires a personal services agency that offers lift services to train each employee who provides those services. Specifies that lift services are subject to the same evaluation and training requirements as other attendant care service tasks.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Parents with disabilities.. Description: Parents with disabilities. Specifies that it is the policy of the state to recognize the parenting rights of a parent regardless of whether the parent has a disability. Provides that the right of a person with a disability to parent the person's child may not be denied or restricted solely because the person has a disability. Provides that: (1) a court, in: (A) considering the appointment of a person as a guardian; (B) hearing an action to modify custody or an action to determine or modify parenting time; or (C) determining whether to grant a petition for adoption; and (2) the department of child services, in determining whether to grant a person a license to operate a foster family home; may not discriminate against, and shall take into consideration the provision of reasonable accommodations to, a person with a disability.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring healthcare workers for their efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Honoring healthcare workers for their efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: State and local audit examinations.. Description: State and local audit examinations. Provides that after June 30, 2021, a political subdivision may not issue or guarantee a debt obligation until the fiscal officer of the political subdivision has: (1) prepared a debt capacity analysis report (report) on a standard form prescribed by the SBOA with the assistance of the department of local government finance; and (2) presented the report to the fiscal body of the political subdivision in a public hearing. Provides that after June 30, 2021,  political subdivisions must provide information concerning pledges, covenants, and agreements that they have made to secure or guarantee a financial obligation of another person to the department of local government finance in the form and on the schedule specified by the department made. Requires the state board of accounts to establish standards for the state and political subdivisions that require disclosure of pledges, covenants, and agreements that have been made to secure or guarantee a financial obligation of another person, including guarantees for private bond issues of private companies. Specifies that the standards must be consistent with generally accepted governmental accounting principles. In reporting periods beginning after June 30, 2021, requires the state and political subdivisions to include the disclosures in the notes of the entity's annual financial statements.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Gaming matters.. Description: Gaming matters. Provides that net proceeds from an allowable activity and related activities may be used only for the lawful purposes of the qualified organization, including the: (1) repair; (2) maintenance; or (3) improvement; of owned real property used for the lawful purposes of the qualified organization. Increases the single prize limit for a progressive or carryover pull tab game in charity gaming to $15,000. Also increases the total prize limit for one pull tab, punchboard, or tip board game in charity gaming to $15,000. Provides that a qualified organization must abide by the rules and regulations of the Internal Revenue Service regarding reporting and withholding rules for charitable prizes paid. Provides that for a raffle drawing, a retailer may not retain more than 20% of the proceeds, a retailer must establish and publish house rules, and the maximum amount of prizes in a raffle game is limited to $30,000. Provides that the total prizes for one type II gambling game, except for a raffle game, may not exceed $10,000. Provides that a single prize award for a winning ticket on a seal card game may not exceed $1,000. Provides that a single prize on a progressive or carryover pull tab game in a type II gambling game may not exceed $5,000. Provides that a type II gambling game includes raffles, progressive or carryover pull tab games, and sports-themed tip board and pull tab games. Specifies the end date for a licensed entity's accounting period. Replaces "annual casino night license" with "annual activity license". Specifies that the Indiana gaming commission (commission) may issue to a qualified organization an annual activity license to conduct a gambling activity approved by the commission, if certain requirements are met. Modifies restrictions applicable to a festival license. Modifies the restrictions applicable to a worker at a raffle conducted by a qualified organization. Removes a provision that allows the commission to authorize two bingo events each year at which the total prizes may not exceed $10,000. Provides that the commission may authorize a qualified organization to conduct a bingo event at which the total prizes exceed $6,000, and specifies that such a bingo event may be conducted at a festival. Provides that a person less than 18 years of age may sell tickets or chances for a raffle. Modifies a provision relating to the license fee for a three year charity gaming license issued to a qualified organization that is a bona fide veterans organization. Makes technical corrections and conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Deduction of dues to exclusive representative.. Description: Deduction of dues to exclusive representative. Provides that a school employee has the right to resign from, and end any financial obligation to, a school employee organization at any time. Provides that a school employee must annually authorize a pay deduction to a school employee organization. Provides that the attorney general, in consultation with the Indiana education employment relations board (board) shall prescribe an authorization for withholding form for use by a school employee to deduct dues from the pay of the school employee to the school employee organization. Adds certain requirements for information to be included on the form. Provides that after receiving the authorization for withholding form, the employer shall confirm the authorization by sending an electronic mail message to the school employee at the employee's school provided work electronic mail address and shall wait for confirmation of the authorization before starting any deduction. Specifies the time frame for (1) ceasing withholding upon receipt of a request, and (2) providing notice to the school employee organization. Provides that a school employer shall annually provide, at a time it prescribes, written or electronic mail notification to its school employees of their right to cease payment of school employee organization dues and to withdraw from that organization. Specifies what the notification must include. Provides that the attorney general, in consultation with the board and the department of education, must annually provide notice to school employers of certain provisions.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Death penalty.. Description: Death penalty. Urges the legislative council to assign to the appropriate interim study committee the topics of: (1) death sentences; (2) life imprisonment without the possibility of parole; and (3) circumstances justifying the imposition of: (A) a death sentence; or (B) life imprisonment without the possibility of parole.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expungement.. Description: Expungement. Specifies that a "criminal history provider" includes certain persons who regularly publish criminal history information on the Internet, for purposes of the law requiring criminal history providers to periodically review their criminal history records for expunged convictions.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Employee misclassification.. Description: Employee misclassification. Requires the department of state revenue, the state department of labor, the worker's compensation board of Indiana, and the department of workforce development to report before November 1 of each year for three years, beginning November 1, 2021, to the interim study committee on employment and labor for the immediately preceding state fiscal year: (1) the number of employers that each department or the board determined during the immediately preceding state fiscal year improperly classified at least one worker as an independent contractor; (2) the total number of improperly classified workers employed by those employers; (3) the department's or board's calculation of actual revenue not collected or the additional costs to the state that the department or board attributes to the improperly classified workers; (4) the amount of the penalties and interest assessed against those employers by each department or the board, and the amount of the penalties and interest assessed that has been collected; and (5) the classification criteria used by the department to classify workers. Requires that the reports include only information in the form of aggregate statistics and not include information that can be used to identify specific employers or workers.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SIMPLE RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Juan Andrade, Jr. for being named 2020 Top 50 Latino influencer.. Description: A SIMPLE RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Juan Andrade, Jr. for being named 2020 Top 50 Latino influencer.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Circuit court clerk matters.. Description: Circuit court clerk matters. Allows a person who is 16 or 17 years of age to serve as a precinct election officer without the written approval of the school principal if school is not in session on election day. Provides that such individuals may: (1) serve as certain election officers, both before and on election day; (2) provide assistance to election officers and in the preparation of absentee ballots; and (3) be appointed to fill a vacancy that occurs on a precinct election board. Provides that a precinct may be established with fewer than 600 active voters if establishing the precinct would avoid establishing a split precinct. Permits a county to submit a proposed precinct boundary change to the election division for review using a module of the statewide voter registration system ("the computerized list") while retaining the option under current law to submit this change by paper. Provides a method for a county to correct any errors or discrepancies in the boundary lines of precincts as depicted in information provided by the U.S. Bureau of the Census in conjunction with state redistricting. Repeals an obsolete statute relating to establishing precincts. Provides that a school that is used as a polling place may on election day: (1) conduct a virtual instruction day for students who attend school in the school building; or (2) conduct in-person instruction to students who attend school in the school building if certain conditions are met. Establishes a procedure for casting a voter's ballot at an early voting site by election workers if the voter does not complete the procedures for casting the voter's ballot. Provides that absentee ballots may be scanned, but not tabulated, not earlier than seven days before election day. Sets forth requirements for processing absentee ballots before election day. Requires retraction of a previously scanned absentee ballot card of a voter who is later found disqualified or whose ballot may not be counted for other statutory reasons.  Eliminates the requirement that the alcohol and tobacco commission distributes a registry of permits to the circuit court clerks. Eliminates the requirement that notice of certain alcohol and tobacco commission hearings be given to the circuit court clerk.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Long term care insurance partnership program.. Description: Long term care insurance partnership program. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to apply before December 31, 2021, for a Medicaid state plan amendment to effectuate the federal long term care insurance partnership program (program). Requires the state plan amendment for the program to provide that the asset disregard for all policies entered into under the state's current long term insurance program will remain the same. Provides administrative, reporting, and continuing education requirements for the program. Requires a provider to provide health records upon request not more than 30 days after receiving the written request, unless the provider: (1) requests an extension of not more than 30 days in the initial 30 days; and (2) provides written notice to the patient of the reasons for the extension and the date by which the provider will provide the health records. Authorizes the state department of health to impose a civil penalty of not more than $5,000 per violation on a provider that violates the requirement to provide health records upon request.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Religious activities as essential services.. Description: Religious activities as essential services. Prohibits the state and a political subdivision from imposing restrictions on a religious organization that are more restrictive than the restrictions imposed upon other businesses and organizations that provide essential services to the public. Permits the state or a political subdivision to require a religious organization to comply with a neutral and generally applicable health, safety, or occupancy requirement to the same extent as other organizations, if the requirement is otherwise allowable under Indiana's religious freedom law. Provides that the state, a political subdivision, or an officer or employee of the state or a political subdivision may not restrict the right of the people to worship or to worship in person during a disaster emergency.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Broadband capacity infrastructure study.. Description: Broadband capacity infrastructure study. Urges the legislative council to assign to the interim study committee on energy, utilities, and telecommunications (committee) the topic of the installation and leasing of broadband capacity infrastructure by investor owned electric utilities to broadband service providers for the provision of broadband Internet service to unserved and underserved areas in Indiana. Provides that if a study is assigned to the committee: (1) the committee must consider certain specified issues; and (2) an electric utility may submit to the committee, not later than July 1, 2021, a study concerning the feasibility of making available broadband capacity infrastructure for use by broadband service providers in providing broadband service in unserved or underserved areas in the electric utility's assigned service area.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Environmental matters.. Description: Environmental matters. Provides that a property owner claiming the industrial waste control facility property tax exemption must: (1) provide a written statement attesting that the property claimed as exempt meets the requirements for the exemption; and (2) file the statement along with the exemption claim. Eliminates provisions under which the property owner must mail a copy of the exemption claim to the department of environmental management (department) and the assessor is required to allow the total exemption claimed by the property owner if the department does not certify its determination to the assessor within 120 days. Amends the law concerning the department's preparation of a list of impaired waters to provide for the list to be posted to the department's Internet web site instead of being published in the Indiana Register and to require that the list be made available for public comment for at least 45 days instead of at least 90 days. Requires the department to establish a state permit program for the implementation of federal regulations for the disposal of coal combustion residuals in landfills and surface impoundments. Requires the environmental rules board (board) to adopt rules for the establishment of the state permit program. Requires the department, not later than May 15, 2021, to notify the United States Environmental Protection Agency of its intention to establish the state permit program and seek federal approval of the program. Establishes the CCR program fund to pay costs incurred by the department in operating the state permit program and conducting program funding reviews. Changes, from January 1, 2022, to January 1, 2023, the expiration date of a noncode SECTION of HEA 1278-2019 concerning the adoption of rules to increase the amounts of certain environmental fees.
In 2021, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Property tax matters and waiver of penalties and interest.. Description: Property tax matters and waiver of penalties and interest. Provides that a taxpayer, upon appealing the assessment of certain commercial real property, must provide information concerning the actual construction costs for the commercial real property. Provides that if a taxpayer does not provide information concerning the actual construction costs for the commercial real property before the hearing scheduled by the county property tax assessment board of appeals (board of appeals) regarding the assessment of the commercial real property, the appeal may not be reviewed until all the information is provided. Provides that if a taxpayer has not provided all relevant and reasonably available information concerning the actual construction costs of the commercial real property under appeal within 10 days before the scheduled hearing by the board of appeals, the appeal is deemed void for that assessment year and may not be refiled or appealed. Provides that a county fiscal body may adopt an ordinance to provide that the county assessor be reimbursed for legal costs (in addition to other specified costs under current law) incurred by the county assessor in defending an appeal that is uncommon and infrequent in the normal course of defending appeals. Provides that the fiscal body of a county may adopt an ordinance to establish a property tax amnesty program and require a waiver of interest and penalties added before January 1, 2021, on delinquent taxes and special assessments on real property in the county if: (1) all of the delinquent taxes and special assessments on the real property were first due and payable before January 1, 2021; and (2) before November 1, 2022, the taxpayer has paid all of these delinquent taxes and special assessments and has also paid all of the taxes and special assessments that are first due and payable after December 31, 2020. Requires the waiver of interest and penalties in these circumstances, notwithstanding any payment arrangement entered into by the county treasurer and the taxpayer. Provides that the waiver of interest and penalties under a program shall not apply to interest and penalties added to delinquent property tax installments or special assessments on real property that was purchased or sold in any prior tax sale.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Powers of guardian after death.. Description: Powers of guardian after death. Authorizes certain guardians to make certain arrangements and control the disposition of a decedent's body subsequent to the death of a protected person. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Distribution of revenue for public safety purposes.. Description: Distribution of revenue for public safety purposes. Provides that, subject to the approval of a county adopting body, a fire protection district or a qualified fire protection territory may apply for distributions of tax revenue. Provides that a township that provides fire protection or emergency medical services (other than a township in Marion County) may apply to a county adopting body for a distribution of tax revenue for public safety purposes. Requires the adopting body to conduct a public hearing to review and approve the application. Specifies the method for determining the amount of the distribution to the qualified township.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Economic incentives reporting and classroom training.. Description: Economic incentives reporting and classroom training. Requires the Indiana economic development corporation (IEDC), beginning January 1, 2023, to specify in the IEDC's annual economic incentives compliance report whether a recipient of a grant from the Indiana twenty-first century research and technology fund is a women's business enterprise, a minority business enterprise, or a veteran owned small business. Requires the trustees of the next level Indiana fund investment board to report to the budget committee every six months concerning the number of investments and the amount of money invested in companies that qualify as a women's business enterprise, a minority business enterprise, or a veteran owned small business. Urges the legislative council to assign the following study committee topics during the 2021 interim: (1) Whether, and in what form, the state should encourage robotics classes and clubs for students in kindergarten through grade 12. (2) How to connect more industry professionals to the classroom and remove existing barriers to the licensure process. (3) Whether there is merit to offering incentives for industry professionals to teach or partner, or both, with local businesses to provide training for the technology industry and other high demand and high wage jobs.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Publication of health facility reporting.. Description: Publication of health facility reporting. Requires the state department of health to compile case and death data related to COVID-19 reported by health facilities and residential care facilities in a specified manner and publish the information on the state department's Internet web site. Requires the state department to update the data at least every seven days. Provides that the reporting and publishing requirements expire April 1, 2022.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Child services oversight.. Description: Child services oversight. Establishes the interim study committee on child services (committee). Provides that the committee: (1) shall review the annual reports submitted by local child fatality review teams and by the statewide child fatality review committee and shall report to the legislative council regarding the committee's review of the reports; and (2) may make recommendations regarding changes in policy or statutes to improve child safety; in addition to reporting to the legislative council regarding any other issue assigned to the committee by the legislative council. Provides that a local child fatality committee may meet at the call of members of the local child fatality committee other than the county prosecutor for purposes of the first meeting of the local child fatality committee. Requires the summary information included in the department's annual report regarding child fatalities to indicate, with regard to a child fatality that was the result of abuse or neglect, whether the child was a ward of the department at the time of the event that led to the child's death. Requires the department to provide the annual report to the committee. Urges the legislative council to assign the following topics to the committee, or to another appropriate study committee, for study during the 2021 legislative interim: (1) Amending the Indiana Code to provide for a structured, limited, confidential process by which members of the general assembly may, in the regular course of legislative duties, individually request and view reports and other materials regarding cases of child abuse or neglect and child fatalities resulting from abuse or neglect, while protecting personally identifying information and confidentiality. (2) The child fatality review process, including recommendations from the department and the state department of health with regard to improving reporting and data collection. Requires a local child fatality review committee that has not held its first meeting as of the effective date of the bill to hold its first meeting not later than December 31, 2021.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Indemnity agreements in public works contracts.. Description: Indemnity agreements in public works contracts. Provides that a statute that invalidates indemnity agreements in construction contracts relating to providing certain professional services is applicable to such contracts relating to public works projects. Provides that a specified chapter does not apply to: (1) projects covered by INDOT's contractor qualification statute; or (2) a project that is the construction, improvement, alteration, repair, or maintenance of a highway, street, or road. Provides that a BOT agreement may provide for the transfer of a public facility to a governmental body by means of a lease or an installment contract. Defines certain terms.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Physical therapy licensure compact.. Description: Physical therapy licensure compact. Adopts the physical therapy licensure compact. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Yorktown High School Volleyball team for an exceptional 2020 season.. Description: Recognizing the Yorktown High School Volleyball team for an exceptional 2020 season.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Alcoholic beverages.. Description: Alcoholic beverages. Allows a food hall that: (1) is located in a certified technology park; and (2) is not located in a historic district or historic building; to be eligible for a food hall master permit. Provides that a project that: (1) borders a lake that is at least 750 acres; and (2) is within a municipality; is eligible for a municipal riverfront development project retailer's permit. Allows a person who holds: (1) a restaurant permit in an economic development area; and (2) an interest in a brewery, farm winery, or artisan distillery (production facility) located on or adjacent to the restaurant; to sell alcoholic beverages manufactured at the production facility for carryout in the restaurant's general merchandising area and from a self-serving display. Provides that a minor may: (1) be in the restaurant's general merchandising area; and (2) participate in a nondrinking tour of the production facility, if the minor is accompanied by an adult family member.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Use of force and self defense.. Description: Use of force and self defense. Prohibits a state or local law enforcement officer (officer) from firing warning shots. Allows a guard, official, or officer in a state or local penal facility to fire warning shots to prevent the escape of a person. Prohibits a law enforcement agency or merit board from taking an adverse employment action against a law enforcement officer who lawfully exercises the officer's right of self defense, and requires a law enforcement agency to indemnify a law enforcement officer for reasonable expenses incurred by the officer in successfully contesting an adverse employment action.
In 2021, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Absentee ballot applications.. Description: Absentee ballot applications. Provides that before an individual can access an application that is submitted in an electronic format using a module of the computerized list, the individual must provide either the individual's Indiana driver's license number or the last four digits of the individual's Social Security number.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Military and veterans matters.. Description: Military and veterans matters. Changes the definition of a "qualified service member" for purposes of eligibility under the military family relief fund (fund). Requires the Indiana veterans' affairs commission (commission) to: (1) develop, adopt, and issue a policy listing the disallowable separation codes of each branch of the armed forces; and (2) review the policy for amendment and adopt any necessary amendments before July 1 of each year. Provides that the department of veterans' affairs (department) may use not more than 10% of the average annual license plate revenue to cover direct costs associated with the marketing and promotion of the military relief fund. Specifies that the department may not use any of the amount for administrative costs, including payroll or any other overhead expenses. Provides that the department may deny an incomplete application for a grant under the fund if all required documentation is not received within 30 days after the date the applicant filed the application. Provides that, if an applicant appeals a denial of tuition and fee exemption benefits (benefits) not later than 15 days before the start of the semester for which the benefits would apply, the commission shall make a reasonable effort to issue a final order before the start of the semester.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Music production incentive program.. Description: Music production incentive program. Authorizes the Indiana destination development corporation (corporation) to employ a music commissioner. Authorizes the corporation to establish a music production incentive program. Requires the corporation, in coordination with the office of management and budget, to provide a report to the interim study committee on fiscal policy concerning: (1) music production incentives offered in other states; and (2) a recommendation on the type of incentive that should be offered in Indiana.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Credit card payments for charity gaming.. Description: Credit card payments for charity gaming. Provides that a qualified organization may accept credit cards for the purchase of: (1) a chance to play any game of chance offered at an allowable activity; or (2) licensed supplies. Provides that certain credit card payments: (1) may be made on the Internet; and (2) may not exceed $1,500 in a single transaction.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Hospitals.. Description: Hospitals. Requires certain nonprofit hospitals to hold an annual public forum for the purposes of: (1) obtaining feedback from the community about the nonprofit hospital's performance in the previous year; (2) discussing the pricing of health services provided at the nonprofit hospital; and (3) discussing the contributions made by the nonprofit hospital to the community. Requires a nonprofit hospital, at least 14 days before the public forum, to post on the nonprofit hospital's Internet web site: (1) a notice stating the date, time, location, and purposes of the public forum; and (2) information relating to the subjects to be discussed at the public forum. Allows the public forum to be held, either all or in part, through an interactive real time audio and video meeting that is accessible to the community through the Internet. Changes the date that ambulatory outpatient surgical centers are required to begin posting certain pricing information from March 31, 2021, to December 31, 2021. Specifies that the pricing information posted is the standard charge rather than the weighted average negotiated charge and sets forth what is included in the standard charge. Specifies that if an ambulatory outpatient surgical center offers less than 30 additional services, the center is required to post all of the services the center provides. Requires a hospital to post pricing information in compliance with the federal Hospital Price Transparency Rule of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services as in effect on January 1, 2021, if: (1) the federal Hospital Price Transparency Rule is repealed; or (2) federal enforcement of the federal Hospital Price Transparency Rule is stopped. Requires a health carrier to hold an annual public forum. Specifies information to be discussed at the health carrier public forum and information to be disclosed before the forum. Makes conforming changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Flood control district board of commissioners.. Description: Flood control district board of commissioners. Provides that the board of commissioners of a flood control district includes: (1) the executive of each town and the executive of each township included in the district (instead of the town executive or the township executive); and (2) one individual appointed by the executive of each town in the district that does not have a works board. Provides that each commissioner of the flood control board, not holding other lucrative elective or appointive office, is entitled to a salary fixed by the board. Provides that the executive of the city petitioning for the establishment of the flood control district shall be the determining vote in the event of a tie.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Publication of notice by political subdivisions.. Description: Publication of notice by political subdivisions. Allows a political subdivision, when required by statute to publish a notice two or more times, to make the first publication of notice in a newspaper and any subsequent publications of the notice on the official web site of the political subdivision. Requires the political subdivision or contractor that maintains the political subdivision's official web site to provide proof of publication of the notice on the official web site. Provides that if, with regard to a sheriff's sale of real property to execute a judgment, the sheriff is not able to procure publication of the notice in a newspaper of general circulation within the county, the sheriff may publish the notice on the Internet web site of each county where the real estate is located (instead of dispensing with the publication of notice entirely).
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Munster police officer Jonathan Hernandez.. Description: Congratulating Munster police officer Jonathan Hernandez.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Per diem rates for governing body members.. Description: Per diem rates for governing body members. Requires the state board of education to establish a maximum per diem rate for meetings of members of governing bodies of school corporations, including Indianapolis Public Schools. Removes a provision that provides that, if the members of a governing body is totally comprised of appointed members, the appointive authority must approve the per diem rate before the governing body may make payments to the members.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Business personal property tax exemption.. Description: Business personal property tax exemption. Increases, from $40,000 to $80,000, the acquisition cost threshold for the business personal property tax exemption. Makes a technical correction.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: State tax credit for public school foundation contributions.. Description: State tax credit for public school foundation contributions. Provides a 25% state tax credit for contributions made to a public school foundation for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021, and before January 1, 2024. Provides that the amount allowable as a credit in a taxable year may not exceed: (1) $1,000 in the case of an individual filing a single return or a corporation; or (2) $2,000 in the case of a married couple filing a joint return. Provides that the maximum amount of credits that may be awarded in a state fiscal year to $5,000,000.
In 2021, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Sale of bonds at a negotiated sale.. Description: Sale of bonds at a negotiated sale. Permits all counties, cities, towns, townships, and school corporations to sell bonds at a negotiated sale. Requires the department of local government finance to post on its web site information that explains the differences between a competitive public sale of bonds and a negotiated sale of bonds.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Abby Vesga's contributions to her community.. Description: Honoring Abby Vesga's contributions to her community.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Financial institutions and consumer credit.. Description: Financial institutions and consumer credit. For purposes of the statutes governing: (1) first lien mortgage transactions; (2) the Uniform Consumer Credit Code; and (3) financial institutions; changes references to federal laws within those statutes from federal laws as in effect on December 31, 2019, to federal laws as in effect on December 31, 2020. Amends the statute concerning loans made by a credit union to the credit union's members to eliminate certain requirements with respect to loans secured by real estate. Amends the definition of "check" for purposes of the statute governing licensed cashers of checks to remove a reference to a "personal money order".
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Wastewater task force.. Description: Wastewater task force. Establishes the task force on wastewater infrastructure investment and service to underserved areas (task force). Provides that the task force consists of the following 18 members: (1) Six members of the senate, with the president pro tempore appointing four members (one of whom serves as co-chair of the task force), and the minority leader appointing two members. (2) Six members of the house of representatives, with the speaker appointing four members (one of whom serves as co-chair of the task force), and the minority leader appointing two members. (3) Six gubernatorial appointees, including the following: (A) One officer or employee of the state. (B) One member representing operators of wastewater management systems. (C) One engineer, or another professional, with expertise in wastewater management systems. (D) One member representing ratepayers. (E) One member representing municipalities served by a wastewater operator not under the jurisdiction of the utility regulatory commission. (F) One member of the general public. Sets forth the duties of the task force. Requires the task force to develop a long term plan for addressing wastewater needs in Indiana. Requires the task force to issue a report setting forth its recommendations to: (1) the executive director of the legislative services agency for distribution to members of the general assembly; and (2) the governor; not later than December 1, 2021. Provides that the bill's provisions concerning the task force expire January 1, 2022. Establishes the water infrastructure grant program (program) to be administered by the Indiana finance authority (authority). Establishes the water infrastructure grant fund (fund) as a source of money for grants, loans, and other financial assistance to, or for the benefit of, participants in the program. Sets forth purposes for which money in the fund may be used, including the planning, designing, acquisition, construction, renovation, improvement, or expansion of: (1) water systems; and (2) wastewater or storm water collection and treatment systems. Requires the authority to adopt guidelines to establish criteria for the making of grants, loans, and other financial assistance from the fund. Sets forth certain conditions that apply to the making of grants, the making of loans, and the providing of other financial assistance from the fund. Requires the authority to establish a project prioritization system for the purposes of awarding loans and grants from the fund. Sets forth certain variables that the project prioritization system must include. Provides that the authority may provide advisory services and other services to a participant in connection with a grant, a loan, or other financial assistance from the fund. Requires the public finance director to submit to the budget committee and the legislative council, in each odd-numbered year through 2023, a report concerning grants, loans, or other financial assistance made available to participants from the fund.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Financing, transfer, and improvement of utility assets.. Description: Financing, transfer, and improvement of utility assets. Requires that the priority ranking system used by the Indiana finance authority in making loans or other financial assistance from: (1) the drinking water revolving loan fund; or (2) the wastewater revolving loan fund; must prioritize loans securing longer term benefits over shorter term projects, all other factors being equal. Provides that not later than 60 days after the effective date of a change in the applicable federal or state income tax rate as a result of new legislation, a water or wastewater utility shall petition the utility regulatory commission (IURC) for a water or wastewater utility surcharge that adjusts the water or wastewater utility's rates and charges to provide recovery for the change in the federal or state income tax rate. Provides that a water or wastewater utility that serves fewer than 8,000 customers may, but is not required to, file a petition for such a surcharge. Provides that a surcharge shall be calculated to reflect the difference between: (1) the amount of federal or state income taxes that each existing rate or charge of the water or wastewater utility was designed to recover based on the income tax rate in effect at the time the rate or charge was approved; and (2) the amount of federal or state income taxes that would have been embedded in the given rate or charge had the new tax rate been in effect at the time of approval. Provides that a surcharge shall not include normalization of a water or wastewater utility's accumulated deferred income taxes. Provides that the IURC shall approve a proposed surcharge if the IURC finds that: (1) the surcharge has been calculated correctly; and (2) the water or wastewater utility's proposal is just and reasonable. Provides that an approved surcharge shall operate on a prospective basis. Amends the applicability language of the statute governing the transfer, acquisition, and improvement of utilities by municipalities to specify that the statute applies to a municipally owned electric, water, wastewater, or combined water and wastewater utility.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Broadband development.. Description: Broadband development. Requires the office of community and rural affairs (office) to establish a process to be used before each formal submission of applications for grants from the rural broadband fund (fund) in which the office will: (1) invite any prospective grant applicant to submit a letter of intent identifying all addresses and census blocks that the applicant intends to include in a grant application; and (2) make all addresses and census blocks submitted in letters of intent publicly available for a period of time, during which eligible broadband service providers will have the opportunity to challenge a listed address or census block. Provides that challenges under the new process are to be based on the asserted deployment of "minimum broadband Internet" (defined as a terrestrial connection to the Internet that provides an actual speed of at least 25 megabits per second downstream and at least three megabits per second upstream) at a specific address. Specifies that the process established is to precede and remain distinct from the statutory procedures for actual grant applications. Provides that the department of transportation (INDOT) may require a private entity to agree, as a condition of INDOT leasing a right-of-way to the private entity, that facilities constructed or installed by the private entity in or under the right-of-way, which if removed would: (1) cause irreparable soil disturbance; or (2) have a detrimental effect on INDOT's facilities or on the facilities of other utilities; will be considered abandoned without additional consideration, upon the private entity's written notice to INDOT. Provides that upon being abandoned, a facility may no longer be used for any purpose by any public or private entity.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Ashley Janette Miser.. Description: Recognizing Ashley Janette Miser.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Tribal-state compact.. Description: Tribal-state compact. Codifies the compact between the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians and the state providing for the conduct of tribal class III gaming.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Cemeteries.. Description: Cemeteries. Changes a township trustee's duty to remove certain weeds from a cemetery it maintains from "noxious" weeds to "rampant" weeds. Amends the duties of a township trustee to care for and maintain a public cemetery in the township to include: (1) resetting and straightening all monuments; (2) leveling and seeding the ground; and (3) mowing the lawn. Provides that before entering into a sales contract with a consumer, an owner of a cemetery (excluding a county, city, town, or township cemetery) must provide a written description of available goods and services with a price list. Limits the fee charged by a cemetery owner for opening and closing a burial lot of a family member that is one of at least two burial lots purchased in the same transaction. Requires the state board of funeral and cemetery service to take at least the following actions as to a cemetery owner that charges an excessive opening and closing fee: (1) Issue an appropriate order to correct the violation. (2) Suspend the seller's certificate of authority. (3) Censure the cemetery owner. Provides the following are commodities: (1) A foundation. (2) The marking of a lot in preparation for a foundation. Provides that a service fee for marking a lot must be included with the lot purchase price and collected at the same time.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: School buildings.. Description: School buildings. Provides that before a governing body may sell, exchange, lease, demolish, hold without operating, or dispose of a school building, the governing body shall: (1) obtain a certification from the attorney general's office; and (2) make the building available for lease or purchase by a charter school or state educational institution. Provides that before a governing body may sell, exchange, lease, demolish, hold without operating, or dispose of a school building, the governing body must receive a certification from the attorney general to ensure that the governing body is in compliance with requirements for making a vacant school building available for sale or lease to a charter school or state educational institution for $1. Requires the attorney general to investigate complaints that a school corporation has not complied with the requirements for making a vacant school building available for sale or lease to a charter school or state educational institution for $1. Provides that, in the event that a complaint is substantiated, the attorney general, in consultation with the department of education (department) and Indiana state board of education (state board), is authorized to take any action necessary to remedy a substantiated complaint, which may include actions to be performed by the state board or the department to ensure compliance of a school corporation. Provides that, if a school corporation does not comply with the requirements to sell a vacant school building, as determined by the attorney general, the school corporation shall submit any proceeds from the sale of the vacant school building to the state board. Provides that the state board shall distribute proceeds collected equally between each charter school located in the attendance area of the school corporation. Provides that, if no charter schools are located in the attendance area, the state board must use the proceeds to provide grants under the charter school and innovation grant program. Provides that a lease of school property entered into by a governing body prior to January 1, 2019, with a state accredited nonpublic school shall remain in full force and effect. (Current law provides that a lease of school property entered into by a governing body prior to July 1, 2019, with a state accredited nonpublic school shall remain in full force and effect.) Provides that a school corporation is responsible for maintaining a vacant school building until it is: (1) sold or leased to a charter school or state educational institution; (2) sold to an accredited nonpublic school or postsecondary educational institution other than a state educational institution; or (3) eligible to be sold or otherwise disposed.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Broadband projects.. Description: Broadband projects. Requires the Indiana department of transportation (INDOT) to create a broadband corridor program (dig once program) to manage the location, installation, and maintenance of communications infrastructure that is used for the provision of broadband services and is located within the rights-of-way of limited access highways. Requires INDOT to adopt policies, procedures, and standards under the dig once program for required installation of fiber conduit by a public or private entity that performs an excavation within a limited access highway right-of-way.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Eyelash extension specialists.. Description: Eyelash extension specialists. Requires the state department of health to adopt reasonable rules to ensure the sanitary operation of facilities where eyelash extensions are applied. Specifies that the rules must establish training and certification requirements for individuals applying eyelash extensions for members of the public. Exempts the application of eyelash extensions from the law regulating cosmetology.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Grain indemnity program.. Description: Grain indemnity program. Provides that the director (director) of the Indiana grain buyers and warehouse licensing agency (agency) may share nonidentifying information with board members of the Indiana grain indemnity corporation (corporation) in executive session regarding the risk that a person licensed under the licensing law (licensee) may fail and the potential financial impact to the Indiana grain indemnity fund (fund) if the licensee does fail. Requires the director to conduct a third party performance review of the agency's auditing practices and procedures at least once every five years. Provides that the corporation may require an actuarial study from a third party of the fund as needed, but not less than every five years. Authorizes the director of the agency to take certain actions if the director finds: (1) a deficiency in minimum net worth or a failure to maintain the required current asset to current liability ratio; or (2) that a licensee failed to maintain required unencumbered assets. Increases the limit on the amount of bond, letter of credit, and cash deposits required under the licensing law. Amends the definition of "failed" or "failure" to exclude a suspension. Adds a definition of "suspension" to mean a temporary halt to the purchase of grain from a claimant. Prohibits a licensee, beginning after June 30, 2021, from entering into a deferred pricing agreement or a delayed payment agreement in connection with grain purchases that extends beyond one year from the date of delivery of the grain. Provides specified phase out periods for deferred pricing agreements or delayed payment agreements that were entered into by a licensee before July 1, 2021. Provides that a board member of the corporation with a conflict of interest in a proceeding before the board must recuse himself or herself from those proceedings. Provides that, if a board member is found to have violated the terms of a confidentiality agreement, the board member forfeits his or her appointment to the board and shall be removed as a member of the board. Increases the amount that the board may transfer from the Indiana grain indemnity fund (fund) to the administrative expense account within the fund from $250,000 to $350,000 annually. Authorizes the board to transfer the monthly interest generated from the fund over a six month period during a biennium to a professional development, training, and technology account to be used for specified purposes. Makes conforming changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Immunity for physician wellness programs.. Description: Immunity for physician wellness programs. Defines "wellness program". Specifies that the proceedings and deliberations of a wellness program are confidential. Specifies certain exceptions. Provides that all minutes, records, reports, written expert opinions, written communications, and other comparable memoranda prepared or created by a wellness program are privileged. Specifies certain exceptions. Prohibits all wellness program personnel and participants from revealing or disclosing the substance of wellness program communications, records, and determinations to any person or entity outside of the wellness program. Specifies certain exceptions. Allows a court to order in writing the release of confidential or privileged information belonging to a wellness program after a hearing if the court makes specified findings. Provides that the exchange of confidential or privileged information or memoranda between wellness groups does not result in the waiver of applicable confidentiality and privilege provisions. Provides that confidentiality and privilege provisions applicable to certain records do not make the records inaccessible to people or entities that would otherwise be eligible to receive or access the records under existing state or federal law. Provides that the confidentiality and privilege provisions applicable to wellness groups do not abrogate, limit, or restrict any other privacy protection applicable to a patient or the patient's health or medical information. Specifies that certain individuals may not be named as a party in a civil suit in connection with certain actions taken with respect to a wellness program. Provides that a member, consultant, or participant who comprises or participates in a wellness program is not required to report a licensed physician to the medical licensing board for any act, omission, statement, discovery, or disclosure unless the licensed physician presents a threat to himself or herself, to his or her patients, or to the general public.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Physician assistants.. Description: Physician assistants. Allows advanced practice registered nurses and physician assistants to issue written orders for home health services to a home health agency. Eliminates the requirements that a collaborative agreement between a collaborating physician and a physician assistant: (1) include all the tasks delegated to the physician assistant by the collaborating physician (instead requiring that the collaborative agreement include any limitations); and (2) specify the protocol to be followed by the physician assistant in prescribing a drug. Sets forth requirements of a collaborative agreement.  Provides, as an exception to the requirement that a physician assistant may practice only subject to a collaboration agreement with a collaborating physician, that if a physician assistant practices in a licensed health care facility that has a credentialing process: (1) the physician assistant shall collaborate with and refer patients to appropriate members of the licensed health care facility's health care team; and (2) the responsibilities of the physician assistant and the degree of collaboration between the physician assistant and other members of the licensed health care facility's health care team shall be determined exclusively for purposes of the physician assistant's practice in the licensed health care facility by one or more persons in authority over the physician assistant. Provides that a physician assistant, without being delegated authority by a collaborating physician, may: (1) prescribe, dispense, administer, and procure drugs and medical devices; (2) plan and initiate a therapeutic regimen; and (3) prescribe and dispense schedule II-V substances and legend drugs. Allows a physician assistant to perform volunteer work regardless of the terms of or the existence of a collaboration agreement.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Juvenile justice.. Description: Juvenile justice. Provides for the automatic expungement of certain juvenile offenses. Prohibits a juvenile arrestee who meets certain requirements from being housed with adult inmates prior to trial, with certain exceptions. Establishes a procedure for determining juvenile competency. Provides that after a juvenile court has determined that a child is a dual status child, the juvenile court may refer the child to be assessed by a dual status assessment team under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Electronic meetings and signatures.. Description: Electronic meetings and signatures. Allows a member of a governing body of a political subdivision to participate in a meeting electronically subject to the following: (1) Requires the governing body to adopt a written policy establishing procedures for electronic participation. (2) Requires the technology to permit simultaneous communication between members and the public to attend and observe the proceedings. (3) Requires at least 50% of the members to be physically present at the meeting site. (4) Allows a member participating electronically to be counted for quorum purposes. (5) Provides that a member participating electronically may participate in a final action taken by the governing body only if the member can be seen and heard. Exempts governing bodies of state agencies that have a majority of members with disabilities from certain attendance requirements. Provides that if a statute requires a manual signature for attesting or authenticating an obligation issued by certain state and local public entities, an electronic signature has the same force and effect as a manual signature. Adds provisions applicable to state and local public agencies when a state or local disaster emergency is declared. Allows the governing body of a school corporation or charter school (school employer) may allow governing body members and the public to participate electronically in a public hearing required under the law for purposes of collective bargaining. Makes stylistic changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Limitation on actions concerning deposit accounts.. Description: Limitation on actions concerning deposit accounts. Amends the statute concerning the statute of limitations for actions upon promissory notes, bills of exchange, or other written contracts for the payment of money to include actions upon deposit accounts. Specifies that the bill's provisions are intended to be a restatement of the law and not a substantive change in the law and as such shall be applied with respect to deposit accounts executed during the applicable time frames set forth in the statute.
In 2021, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Carbon credit market, carbon sequestration, and federal mandates.. Description: Carbon credit market, carbon sequestration, and federal mandates. Requires the state department of agriculture and the department of natural resources, in consultation with Purdue University, the utility regulatory commission (IURC), agricultural producers, woodland owners, foresters, certain technical experts, the agricultural industry, the forest industry, and environmental and conservation groups, to: (1) study and make findings and recommendations concerning the potential role of the state in a voluntary carbon credit market; and (2) issue a written report to the general assembly. Requires the director of the department of natural resources to designate the operator of the carbon sequestration pilot project (pilot project) before July 31, 2021. Provides that material compliance by the pilot project with a permit for a Class VI carbon dioxide underground injection well is an affirmative defense for the pilot project against certain civil actions or claims. Provides that: (1) a claimant may overcome the affirmative defense by proving actual interference with the use of the property or direct physical injury to tangible property; and (2) recovery by a public utility for any effect of the pilot project on the sources of the utility's public water supply is not prohibited or limited. Defines a "federal phaseout mandate" as any federal statutory or regulatory requirement that: (1) is established after April 20, 2021, by Congress, a federal agency, or a federal executive order; and (2) requires the phaseout or discontinuance of a particular type of electric generating facility, technology, or fuel source. Requires the IURC to consider in the context of: (1) applications for certificates of public convenience and necessity for new generating facilities; and (2) integrated resource planning; the impact of federal phaseout mandates on the estimated useful life of certain generating facilities of an electric utility, including on depreciation expense associated with such facilities.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Dave Pelc on the occasion of his retirement.. Description: Congratulating Dave Pelc on the occasion of his retirement.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating the life of David A. Hartley, Jr.. Description: Celebrating the life of David A. Hartley, Jr.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Broadband development.. Description: Broadband development. Establishes the Indiana broadband connectivity program (program) for the purpose of expanding availability of broadband Internet connectivity throughout Indiana. Provides that as part of the program, the office must establish a public broadband portal through which an individual may report that minimum broadband Internet (defined as a connection to the Internet at an actual speed of at least 25 megabits per second downstream and at least three megabits per second upstream) is unavailable at the individual's residential or business address. Provides that a broadband Internet provider may: (1) register with the program; (2) receive, at least every three months, listings of addresses submitted to the office as addresses at which minimum broadband Internet is unavailable; (3) report to the office any listed address at which the provider's minimum broadband Internet service is already available; and (4) bid for an award of a grant for purposes of extending connectivity to broadband Internet service (defined as a connection to the Internet at an actual speed of at least 50 megabits per second downstream and at least five megabits per second upstream) to an address at which minimum broadband Internet is unavailable. Provides that in evaluating any bids received under the program, the office shall select the provider whose bid presents the lowest cost to the state. Provides that a grant awarded to a provider under the program may not exceed the following: (1) A per-line extension amount that exceeds $25,000, regardless of the number of addresses served by the line extension. (2) A per-passing amount that exceeds the state's cost per passing for all rural broadband grants awarded from the fund as of the last day of the immediately preceding state fiscal year. Requires the office to provide to the general assembly an annual report containing specified data regarding the program.
Provides that the office may maintain a geographic information system (GIS) or similar data base that contains spatial data regarding the availability of broadband Internet service in Indiana. Provides that the office may evaluate the broadband Internet coverage map created by the Federal Communications Commission under the Broadband Deployment Accuracy and Technological Availability Act (FCC map) and: (1) if the office finds that the FCC map: (A) provides address level broadband Internet coverage information; or (B) provides a greater level of detail than the office's broadband Internet coverage map; use the FCC map to update the office's broadband Internet coverage map; or (2) if the office finds that the FCC map does not: (A) provide address level broadband Internet coverage information; or (B) provide a greater level of detail than the office's broadband Internet coverage map; report that finding to the interim study committee on energy, utilities, and telecommunications during the 2022 legislative interim.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Court matters.. Description: Court matters. Adds a superior court in Hamilton County. Allows the judges of the Decatur circuit and superior courts to jointly appoint a magistrate to serve the Decatur County courts. Allows the judges of the Hancock circuit and superior courts to jointly appoint a magistrate to serve the Hancock County courts. Allows the judges of the Huntington circuit and superior courts to jointly appoint a magistrate to serve the Huntington County courts. Allows the judges of the Knox circuit and superior courts to jointly appoint a magistrate to serve the Knox County courts. Allows the judge of the Lake superior court division No. 4 to appoint a magistrate to serve the Lake superior court division No. 4. Makes clarifying changes to the powers and duties of the Marion superior court executive committee. Provides that an appointed judicial officer shall be vested by the judges of the family division of the Marion superior court with suitable powers for the handling of all probate matters of the court. Removes or reallocates the powers and duties of a probate hearing judge, probate commissioner, juvenile referee, bail commissioner, and master commissioner from the Marion superior court. Provides that the Marion County judicial selection committee nomination procedure shall be followed when filling a vacancy that occurs in a court. Provides that the: (1) clerk of a circuit court; (2) clerk of a city or town court; or (3) judge of a city or town court that does not have a clerk; may retain as an administrative fee an amount of up to $3 from the excess amount collected by the clerk for general court costs. Makes conforming changes.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Innkeeper's tax.. Description: Innkeeper's tax. Changes the distribution of part of the tax revenue in the Tippecanoe County innkeeper's tax fund (fund) so that 10% of the revenue in the fund is distributed to the department of natural resources for the development of projects in the state park and 20% of the revenue in the fund is distributed as determined by the county fiscal body. Provides that the Daviess County innkeeper's tax rate may not exceed 9%. Provides that all or part of the revenue received from imposition of the innkeeper's tax in Boone County may, subject to authorization by the county fiscal body, be pledged towards payment of obligations issued or entered into by a political subdivision in the county to finance the construction, acquisition, enlargement, and equipping of a sports and recreation facility. Provides for collection procedures of a county innkeeper's tax by the department of state revenue if a county fiscal body adopts an ordinance making a change concerning the imposition of the innkeeper's tax.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Entrepreneur and enterprise district pilot program.. Description: Entrepreneur and enterprise district pilot program. Extends the duration of the entrepreneur and enterprise district pilot program (program) until the later of: (1) five years after the date on which it is designated as a district; or (2) December 31, 2024. (Currently, the program is set to expire in 2022.) Requires specific reporting requirements for the program established in the city of Fort Wayne.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various tax matters.. Description: Various tax matters. Requires a corporation with gross income of more than $1,000,000 to file its corporate income tax return in an electronic manner specified by the department of state revenue (department). Provides a sales tax exemption for a utility scale battery energy storage system. Provides a sales tax exemption for public safety equipment and materials. Provides certain procedures for reporting federal partnership audit adjustments for purposes of the state adjusted gross income tax and financial institutions tax in order to conform with changes in federal law. Provides that the department may prescribe procedures: (1) by which a pass through entity remits tax; (2) for persons or entities that are otherwise subject to withholding but that may have circumstances such that standard tax computation may result in excess withholding; (3) for individuals and trusts that are residents for part of the taxable year and nonresidents for part of the taxable year; and (4) by which an entity may request alternative withholding arrangements. Requires the daily pari-mutuel breakage on wagers to be paid to the department, instead of the auditor of state, for deposit in the appropriate breed development fund. Requires a utility provider to maintain records sufficient to document each one to one meter change. Allows a person to request that the department reissue an exemption certificate with a new meter number in the event of a one to one meter change. Removes duplicate provisions regarding electronic filing requirements for sales tax and withholding tax remittance. Removes certain unnecessary information currently required for employer withholding tax reporting forms. Specifies that the penalty provisions in current law for failure to make a payment by electronic funds transfer also apply to a failure to make a payment by any other electronic means. Clarifies that an individual's estimated income tax filing and payment requirements include local income taxes. Clarifies the penalty calculation for failure to make estimated tax payments, including estimated utility receipts tax and financial institutions tax payments. Provides that a taxpayer may elect to claim a tax credit against the taxpayer's Indiana adjusted gross income tax liability for the amount of tax that is imposed in a foreign country but not due from the taxpayer under the laws of that foreign country until a tax year after the tax year in which the income subject to the foreign country's tax is included in the taxpayer's Indiana adjusted gross income (provides for retroactive application to tax years beginning after December 31, 2016). Sets a floor on the periodic change in the gasoline tax and the special fuel tax rates each year of not less than the rates in the preceding year. Provides that the fee to register a trailer that is registered under the International Registration Plan (IRP) shall be prorated based on the Indiana mileage percentage of the registrant's trucks and tractors registered under the IRP. Allows the department to release the name and business address of a person that is issued a retail merchant's certificate for the purpose of reporting the status of the person's certificate. Provides that the provision in current law requiring an out-of-state merchant to collect sales tax on retail transactions made in Indiana if certain threshold conditions are met extends to the following: (1) The waste tire management fee. (2) The fireworks public safety fee. (3) The prepaid wireless service charge. Provides that a township trustee casts the deciding vote to break a tie vote in the netownship board, except for a tie vote on increasing the township trustee's compensation. Makes a clarifying change to redevelopment tax credit provisions. Delays the expiration of provisions providing that a local income tax council for a county with a single voting bloc must vote as a whole in order to exercise its authority to increase (but not decrease) a local income tax rate in the county.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Professional sports and convention development areas.. Description: Professional sports and convention development areas. Increases the maximum amount of covered taxes that may be captured in the Allen County PSCDA from $3,000,000 to $5,000,000. Provides for distribution of the covered taxes in the Allen County PSCDA as follows: (1) The first $2,600,000 to the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. (2) The next $400,000 to the Allen County-Fort Wayne capital improvement board (board) for the Grand Wayne Center. (3) The remaining amount to the board to be split evenly between the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum and the Grand Wayne Center. Specifies the termination date of the Allen County PSCDA. Provides that the Evansville PSCDA (which is currently expired) is renewed beginning after June 30, 2021, for an additional 20 years, including the addition of the downtown convention center hotel to the Evansville PSCDA. Provides that the South Bend PSCDA (which is currently expired) is renewed beginning after June 30, 2021, for an additional 20 years, including the addition of three downtown hotels, the Howard Park event center, and facilities located at the Indiana University South Bend campus to the South Bend PSCDA. Provides that the maximum amount of covered taxes that may be captured in the renewed South Bend PSCDA is $2,000,000 per year. Revises the expiration date for the PSCDA chapter.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Additional professional sports development area.. Description: Additional professional sports development area. Provides that an additional professional sports development area in Marion County must be established before July 1, 2024 (instead of July 1, 2022). Provides that taxes may not be collected in the additional professional sports development area until after the earlier of: (1) certain conditions having been met; or (2) June 30, 2023 (instead of June 30, 2021).
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Cost securitization for electric utility assets.. Description: Cost securitization for electric utility assets. Provides that an electric utility that has certain qualified costs that: (1) are associated with an electric generation facility that will be retired from service within 24 months; and (2) are equal to at least 5% of the electric utility's total electric base rate; may file a petition with the utility regulatory commission (IURC) for a financing order authorizing the securitization of the qualified costs. Provides that an "electric utility", for purposes of the bill, is a public utility that: (1) owns or operates any electric generation facility for the provision of electric utility service to Indiana customers; (2) is under the jurisdiction of the IURC; and (3) has a total of not more than 200,000 retail electric customers. Provides that not later than 240 days after a petition for a financing order is filed, the IURC shall conduct a hearing and issue an order on the petition. Provides that in issuing a financing order for cost securitization, the IURC must find that: (1) the electric utility has proposed a reasonable mechanism to reflect a reduction in the electric utility's base rates and charges upon the assessment of securitization charges on customer bills, so as to remove any qualified costs from the electric utility's base rates; and (2) the mechanism will provide timely rate savings for customers. Provides that in issuing a financing order for cost securitization, the IURC must find that the electric utility will make capital investments in Indiana in an amount equal to or exceeding the amount of the electric utility's qualified costs, over a period of not more than seven years immediately following the issuance date of the securitization bonds. Provides that if the IURC makes the required findings with respect to the petition, the IURC shall issue a financing order that authorizes: (1) the issuance of securitization bonds with a term of not more than 20  years; (2) the collection of securitization charges from the electric utility's customers; and (3) the encumbrance of the resulting securitization property with a lien and security interest. Provides that qualified costs authorized in a financing order shall be allocated to the electric utility's customer classes using the same cost allocation methodology approved by the IURC in the electric utility's most recent base rate case, subject to certain exceptions. Provides that if an electric utility does not cause securitization bonds to be issued not later than 90 days after the date of a final, non-appealable financing order, the electric utility shall file a statement of abandonment with the IURC stating the reasons for the abandonment. Provides that a financing order issued by the IURC under these provisions must include a mechanism: (1) requiring that securitization charges be reviewed and adjusted by the IURC at least annually; and (2) allowing an electric utility, on its own initiative, to apply to the IURC at any time during a calendar year for an adjustment of its securitization charges, as the electric utility determines to be necessary; to correct any over collections or under collections of securitization charges, and to ensure the recovery of amounts sufficient to timely make all payments of debt service in connection with the securitization bonds. Sets forth provisions concerning the encumbrance of securitization property with a lien and security interest, including provisions concerning: (1) the attachment and perfection; and (2) the priority; of a security interest in securitization property. Specifies that securitization bonds are not: (1) a debt or obligation of the state; or (2) a charge on the state's full faith and credit or on the state's taxing power. Pledges that the state will not: (1) take or permit any action that would impair the value of securitization property; or (2) reduce, alter, or impair related securitization charges; until certain obligations in connection with the related securitization bonds have been paid or performed in full. Requires the IURC to adopt rules to implement these provisions. Urges the legislative council to assign to the interim study committee on energy, utilities, and telecommunications (committee) the task of studying during the 2022 legislative interim: (1) the implementation; and (2) use by electric utilities; of the bill's provisions concerning the securitization of costs for retired electric utility assets. Provides that if the committee is assigned to study this topic, the committee: (1) shall consider available data and other information concerning participating electric utilities to which the IURC has issued a financing order under the bill's provisions; (2) may request this data and information from certain parties; and (3) shall, not later than November 1, 2022, submit to the legislative council a report setting forth the committee's findings and recommendations, including the committee's recommendations as to whether to allow, under the bill's provisions, additional electricity suppliers to securitize costs associated with retired electric utility assets.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Wetlands.. Description: Wetlands. Amends the law requiring a permit and compensatory mitigation for "wetland activity" (the discharge of dredged or fill material) in a state regulated wetland: (1) by changing the definition of "Class II wetland"; (2) by providing that wetland activity may be conducted without a permit: (A) in a Class I wetland; (B) in a Class II wetland with an area of not more than three-eighths acre; (C) in an ephemeral stream; and (D) in a Class II wetland that is located within the boundaries of a municipality and has an area of not more than three-fourths acre; (3) by providing that a permit is not needed for the development of cropland that has been used for agricultural purposes: (A) in the five years immediately preceding the development; or (B) in the 10 years immediately preceding the development if the United States Army Corps of Engineers has issued a jurisdictional determination confirming that the cropland does not contain wetlands subject to federal jurisdiction; (4) by providing that wetland activity in a Class II wetland with an area of more than three-eighths acre requires an individual permit; (5) by providing that: (A) maintenance of a field tile in a Class II wetland can be conducted with a general permit if certain conditions are met; and (B) maintenance of a field tile in a Class III wetland can be conducted with a general permit if certain conditions are met and the applicant obtains a site-specific approval; (6) by establishing conditions for obtaining a site-specific approval; (7) by eliminating the compensatory mitigation requirements for wetland activity in a Class I wetland; and (8) by requiring the department of environmental management (department) to make a decision to issue or deny an individual permit for wetland activity not later than 90 days (instead of 120 days) after receiving the completed application. Amends the law concerning a certification under Section 401 of the federal Clean Water Act for dredge and fill activity in a federally regulated wetland to require the department to make a final determination not later than 90 days (instead of 120 days) after receiving a completed application if the applicant requests a pre-coordination meeting. Establishes the Indiana wetlands task force, a 14 member body that: (1) is required to study and make recommendations concerning a number of wetlands issues; and (2) not later than November 1, 2022, issue a report to the general assembly and the governor setting forth its recommendations. Requires the department of natural resources to provide staff support to the task force.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Tiffanney Drummond.. Description: Honoring Tiffanney Drummond.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Marion County zoning.. Description: Marion County zoning. Adds provisions that do the following: (1) Provide that the legislative body and the board of zoning appeals (BZA) of Lawrence, Speedway, Southport, and Beech Grove in Marion County (excluded city) have exclusive territorial jurisdiction within the excluded city's boundaries. (2) Require (rather than allow) the excluded city legislative body to conduct a hearing, acting as the plan commission, on a proposed zone map amendment affecting property within the excluded city. Provides that the excluded city legislative body (instead of the consolidated city and county legislative body) makes the decision regarding the zone map amendment. (3) Allow a member of the excluded city legislative body to appeal a decision of the BZA to the excluded city legislative body. (4) Provide that the excluded city legislative body's decision on the appeal is subject to judicial review. Requires all townships to be represented across all the divisions of the board of zoning appeals. Provides that not more than two members appointed to each division of the board of zoning appeals may be residents of the same township. Requires the appointing authority to consult with the township executive regarding the appointments. Requires appeals and applications for variances, special exceptions, special uses, contingent uses, and conditional uses to be allocated to a division of the board of zoning appeals that has at least one member who is a resident of a township in which the property is located that is the subject of the appeal or application.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: 1977 pension and disability fund.. Description: 1977 pension and disability fund. Amends the definition of "salary of a first class patrolman or first class firefighter" for the purpose of benefits paid from and contributions made to the 1977 police officers' and firefighters' pension and disability fund (fund). Establishes certain requirements if an employer certifies a new salary under IC 36-8-8-6.5. Changes the maximum age for an applicant to a police department from 35 to 39 years of age. Requires an employer that participates in the fund and provides longevity increases to pay an amount greater than or equal to the longevity increase paid in the previous year. Requires employers to provide reports or records requested by the system board, and permits the system board to fine the employer for each day that reports or records are late. Provides that an alleged failure of an employer to make required payments to the 1977 fund may be examined by the state board of accounts or by the Indiana public retirement system. Requires employers to submit, both annually and at the request of the system board, the salary of a first class patrolman or firefighter.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various elections matters.. Description: Various elections matters. Provides that a political subdivision that conducts or administers an election may not receive or expend funds received from a person (other than from the state or from the federal government) for preparing, administering, or conducting elections, including registering voters. Requires the election division (instead of the Indiana election commission) to prescribe a uniform generic seal for use on certain ballots when the circuit court clerk is a candidate on the ballot. Requires certification by the county chairman of a candidate in a political party primary or town convention if the candidate cast a nonpartisan ballot at the most recent primary election in which the candidate voted. Requires that the notice of an election must include the dates, times, and locations of voting at the circuit court clerk's office and at satellite offices. Provides that notices of elections must be published not later than 21 days before election day. (Under current law, these notices must be published at least 10 days before the date of the election.) Prohibits the printing of an independent or political party device on a ballot under specified circumstances. Specifies ballot placement of names when there are both at-large and district candidates in an election district. Specifies the manner in which a voter with print disabilities may request certain applications. Requires the secretary of state to develop a system relating to on-line ballot applications that complies with the Web Content Guidelines for accessibility. Provides that a member of the Indiana National Guard deployed or on assignment inside Indiana is entitled to vote by mail. Specifies that absent uniformed services voters or overseas voters are entitled to vote by mail using a combined form. Requires counties to mail absentee ballots by nonforwardable mail. Specifies the list of household family members who may assist an absentee voter. Prohibits counting a ballot that is deposited in a drop box or container that is not under the physical control and supervision of the county election board. Allows a county election board by unanimous vote to authorize an absentee voter board to visit a voter to complete an absentee ballot application and provide the voter with an absentee ballot. Permits absentee travel boards to use optical scan ballot card marking devices. Requires locations where absentee in person voting occurs to meet accessibility standards that apply to polling locations on election day. Prohibits a ballot label including a straight party ticket option in specified circumstances. Establishes standards for a marking device used in a voting system that contains features of both a ballot card voting system and an electronic voting system and produces a ballot card with the voter's choices. Establishes standards for voter verifiable paper audit trails. Establishes procedures for obtaining a replacement absentee ballot.  Requires a county to compare signatures upon receipt of an absentee ballot and specifies the procedure. Sets forth a procedure if a county election board does not unanimously determine that an absentee ballot signature is genuine. Extends the time in which an absentee ballot must be received on election day from noon to 6 p.m. Allows all counties to open absentee ballot envelopes by machine (current law only allows for Marion County to use a machine to open ballots). Establishes procedures and forms for the curing of mismatched signatures involving an absentee ballot and unsigned absentee ballots. Allows an individual who is not a voter to serve as an absentee board member. States that the position of an absentee ballot counter or a provisional ballot counter is not a lucrative office for purposes of the Constitution of the State of Indiana. Allows a member of the Indiana state recount commission to appoint a proxy. Provides for a Level 6 felony for inducing or procuring another person to vote or refrain from voting for or against a candidate or public question at: (1) a caucus; or (2) the appointment of a candidate by a political party chairman or central committee officer; by giving, offering, or promising a person money or other property. Changes the deadline for certification of a public question relating to certain school referenda from 60 days to 74 days before the election. Specifies that individuals who change residence to outside of a school corporation less than 30 days before the election may not vote on public questions relating to the school corporation. Repeals language concerning absentee ballots (moving some language to central voting statutes). Makes technical corrections.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Statewide electronic lien and title system.. Description: Statewide electronic lien and title system. Requires the bureau of motor vehicles (bureau) to implement a statewide electronic lien and title system (system) to process: (1) vehicle titles; (2) certificate of title data in which a lien is notated; and (3) the notification, maintenance, and release of security interests in vehicles; through electronic means instead of paper documents. Provides that the bureau may: (1) contract with one or more qualified vendors to develop and implement a system; or (2) develop an interface to provide qualified electronic lien service providers secure access to data to facilitate the creation of a system. Sets forth certain requirements that apply if the bureau elects to implement the system through a qualified vendor versus through qualified electronic lien service providers. Specifies that a contract entered into between the bureau and: (1) a qualified vendor; or (2) a qualified electronic lien service provider; may not provide for any costs or charges payable by the bureau to the qualified vendor or the qualified electronic lien service provider. Sets forth dates by which the bureau must implement and allow or require the use of: (1) a statewide electronic lien system; and (2) a statewide electronic title system. Sets forth certain conditions that apply to the use of a statewide electronic lien system implemented by the bureau under these provisions. Provides that under certain circumstances, the bureau may not charge state agencies or their agents with certain fees associated with the statewide electronic lien and title system. Authorizes the bureau to adopt rules, including emergency rules, to implement these provisions.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: State disaster emergencies.. Description: State disaster emergencies. Provides that federal economic stimulus funds (funds) disbursed to the state during a period in which the general assembly is convened in regular or special session are subject to appropriation by the general assembly, and if the funds are disbursed in a period in which the general assembly is not convened in regular or special session, then the allotment of those funds is subject to review by the state budget committee. Establishes the legislative state of disaster advisory group to: (1) consult with, receive information from, and advise the governor concerning a widespread disaster emergency; (2) review, evaluate, and make recommendations with respect to a widespread disaster emergency; and (3) inform the members of the general assembly concerning the advisory group's work and the widespread disaster emergency. Provides that a disaster emergency affecting 10 or more counties may be extended beyond its initial period, or beyond an extension authorized by the general assembly to a specified date: (1) by not more than 15 days if the general assembly is not in session and the governor does not call the general assembly into session; (2) by not more than 30 days if, during the first fifteen (15) days following the governor's renewal, the general assembly is in session or the governor calls the general assembly into session, but the general assembly does not authorize a renewal of the disaster emergency; or (3) to a specified date fixed by the general assembly, if the general assembly authorizes a renewal of the disaster emergency. Prohibits the governor from declaring a new disaster emergency within 180 days of the termination of a previous disaster emergency if the: (1) new disaster emergency is based on the same or a similar cause as the previous disaster emergency; and (2) the previous disaster emergency was terminated by the general assembly or expired because the general assembly did not reauthorize it. Specifies that, during a special session called to authorize the extension of a disaster emergency, the general assembly may only consider upon issues related to the disaster. Makes a violation of the disaster law chapter or an order authorized by that chapter a Class B infraction.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Township matters.. Description: Township matters. Makes changes to the information required in the township's annual report. Requires the township trustee to annually certify and note on the township budget submitted to the department of local government finance's computer gateway that the township's uniform written standards for township assistance have been filed with the board of county commissioners. Allows a township trustee to be appointed as a director of a county building authority. Provides that a township is not required to publish the portion of its annual abstract of receipts and expenditures that provides statements of: (1) receipts, showing their source; and (2) expenditures, showing the combined gross payment, according to classification of expense, to each person. Provides that the abstract must state that a complete abstract containing the statements described in (1) and (2) is filed with and available for public inspection in the county auditor's office. Aligns the township trustee's maintenance duties regarding township cemeteries with the township trustee's maintenance duties as to other cemeteries maintained by the township.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Charter school study committee.. Description: Charter school study committee. Establishes a panel to study charter school funding and methods for improving school building utilization by a school corporation.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring David Michael Capshaw.. Description: Honoring David Michael Capshaw.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Provides that the department of education (department) may adopt and provide to schools an early warning system that provides actionable data on students as early as elementary school. Provides that, not later than August 1, 2021, the department may contract with one or more vendors to provide an early warning system. Provides that, not later than January 1, 2022, each school corporation and charter school shall: (1) adopt and implement an Internet use policy; and (2) use hardware or install software on computers and other technology related devices owned by the school corporation or charter school to filter or block Internet access to materials that are harmful to minors. Requires each school corporation and charter school to post the Internet use policy on the school corporation's or charter school's Internet web site. Requires pupil enrollment for the career and technical education enrollment grant to, for informational purposes only, be determined at the same time that a school corporation's spring count of ADM is determined.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Political activity of employees and contractors.. Description: Political activity of employees and contractors. Provides that notwithstanding any ordinance or resolution of a political subdivision, an employee of the political subdivision may serve as the chairman of a county political party while continuing to serve as an employee of the unit free from any discipline or other sanctions. Provides that a unit may not adopt an ordinance or resolution that: (1) provides that an individual who does business with the unit may not hold an office or other position in a political party; or (2) prohibits an individual who holds an office or other position in a political party from doing business with the city. Provides that such an ordinance or resolution is void. Provides that except when on duty or acting in an official capacity and except where otherwise provided by Indiana or federal law, an employee of a political subdivision may not be discouraged from engaging in political activity or denied the right to choose to refrain from engaging in political activity provided such activities do not impede or impair the efficient operation of the employee's employing agency.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Hospitals and certificates of public advantage.. Description: Hospitals and certificates of public advantage. Establishes a certificate of public advantage (certificate) pertaining to mergers between hospitals located in counties that meet certain requirements to be issued by the state department of health (state department). Provides that a hospital that has been issued a certificate may not be purchased by another hospital or system of hospitals unless the purchase has been approved by the Federal Trade Commission. Sets forth the procedure and standards for obtaining a certificate and maintaining the certificate. Requires the state department to establish fees for the application of a certificate and the monitoring of an entity holding a certificate in an amount reasonably sufficient to fully fund the costs of the review and supervision of the application. Provides that for the first five years that a hospital is operating under a certificate the hospital: (1) may not increase the charge for each individual service that the hospital offers by more than the increase in the Consumer Price Index for Medical Care; and (2) must invest the realized cost savings for the benefit of the community. Requires a hospital the has been issued a certificate to file an annual report. Allows the office of the attorney general to issue an investigative demand concerning the issuance or maintenance of a certificate. Provides for an appeal of a determination made by the state department concerning the issuance or maintenance of a certificate.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring volunteer firefighters.. Description: Recognizing and honoring volunteer firefighters.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SIMPLE RESOLUTION recognizing the 35th anniversary of the Indianapolis Children's Choir.. Description: A SIMPLE RESOLUTION recognizing the 35th anniversary of the Indianapolis Children's Choir.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Code publication bill.. Description: Code publication bill. Resolves conflicts between various enrolled acts passed during the 2021 legislative session. Makes technical corrections within those enrolled acts. Makes a technical correction.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating Black History Month.. Description: Celebrating Black History Month.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day.. Description: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: To designate 2021 as "Indiana's Year of the Trails.". Description: To designate 2021 as "Indiana's Year of the Trails."
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing January 11th as Human Trafficking Awareness Day.. Description: Recognizing January 11th as Human Trafficking Awareness Day.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Designating the month of May as "Save Your Tooth Month", celebrating Hoosiers saving their natural teeth and recognizing the role endodontists play in saving natural teeth.. Description: Designating the month of May as "Save Your Tooth Month", celebrating Hoosiers saving their natural teeth and recognizing the role endodontists play in saving natural teeth.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the many accomplishments of Patricia "Pat" Ann Payne on her 80th birthday.. Description: Honoring the many accomplishments of Patricia "Pat" Ann Payne on her 80th birthday.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing September as Indiana's month of Veteran Suicide Awareness.. Description: Recognizing September as Indiana's month of Veteran Suicide Awareness.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commending the Indiana Chapter of the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries and their members during their COVID-19 response.. Description: Commending the Indiana Chapter of the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries and their members during their COVID-19 response.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Jessica Shannon as the first Eagle Scout of Howard County.. Description: Recognizing Jessica Shannon as the first Eagle Scout of Howard County.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Jacki Stutzman's contributions to her community in Porter County.. Description: Recognizing Jacki Stutzman's contributions to her community in Porter County.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the 2021 NBA Rising Star Award Recipients.. Description: Honoring the 2021 NBA Rising Star Award Recipients.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Beech Grove Comprehensive Drug-Free Coalition.. Description: Congratulating the Beech Grove Comprehensive Drug-Free Coalition.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Indiana Legislative Youth Advisory Council for the important work it does in advising the Indiana General Assembly on youth related issues.. Description: Recognizing the Indiana Legislative Youth Advisory Council for the important work it does in advising the Indiana General Assembly on youth related issues.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring those who have served as legislative interns for the House of Representatives during the First Regular Session of the 122nd Indiana General Assembly.. Description: Honoring those who have served as legislative interns for the House of Representatives during the First Regular Session of the 122nd Indiana General Assembly.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the North Harrison Elementary School archery team.. Description: Congratulating the North Harrison Elementary School archery team.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Jerry and Nancy Brumm on their retirement from Brumm's Bloomin' Barn.. Description: Congratulating Jerry and Nancy Brumm on their retirement from Brumm's Bloomin' Barn.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Superior Air-Ground Ambulance Service of Indiana, Inc.. Description: Recognizing Superior Air-Ground Ambulance Service of Indiana, Inc.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Designating a salute to the Indiana State Flag.. Description: Designating a salute to the Indiana State Flag.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Patrick O'Rourke's years of service and his retirement.. Description: Honoring Patrick O'Rourke's years of service and his retirement.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Jerrilee K. Mosier on the occasion of her retirement.. Description: Honoring Jerrilee K. Mosier on the occasion of her retirement.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Ethan Martin.. Description: Congratulating Ethan Martin.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Rensselaer Volunteer Fire Department for 125 years of service.. Description: Honoring the Rensselaer Volunteer Fire Department for 125 years of service.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Carson Steele, Indiana's 2020 Mr. Football.. Description: Congratulating Carson Steele, Indiana's 2020 Mr. Football.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Carol Tumey.. Description: Honoring Carol Tumey.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Center Grove High School football team.. Description: Congratulating the Center Grove High School football team.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the lives of Ronald Wilkins and Ann Grissom-Wilkins.. Description: Honoring the lives of Ronald Wilkins and Ann Grissom-Wilkins.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Ray Skillman.. Description: Honoring Ray Skillman.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Michael E. Tolbert on his work with the Indiana State Bar Association.. Description: Honoring Michael E. Tolbert on his work with the Indiana State Bar Association.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Shontrai D. Irving for his work with the Indiana State Bar Association.. Description: Honoring Shontrai D. Irving for his work with the Indiana State Bar Association.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Renee M. Ortega on her work with the Indiana State Bar Association.. Description: Honoring Renee M. Ortega on her work with the Indiana State Bar Association.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring James B. Dillon, Sr. on his work with the Indiana State Bar Association.. Description: Honoring James B. Dillon, Sr. on his work with the Indiana State Bar Association.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing and honoring Chris "Q-Bacca" Kiefer on the occasion of his retirement.. Description: Recognizing and honoring Chris "Q-Bacca" Kiefer on the occasion of his retirement.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Bishop Dwenger girls soccer team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.. Description: Congratulating the Bishop Dwenger girls soccer team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the Pendleton Heights Freshman Football team.. Description: Honoring the Pendleton Heights Freshman Football team.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION authorizing the Postmaster of the Indiana Senate to receive from the Postmaster of the City of Indianapolis all mail belonging to the Senate.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION authorizing the Postmaster of the Indiana Senate to receive from the Postmaster of the City of Indianapolis all mail belonging to the Senate.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing surgical technologists and the week of September 20-26, 2020, as National Surgical Technologists Week.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing surgical technologists and the week of September 20-26, 2020, as National Surgical Technologists Week.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the Governor to proclaim 2021 as "Indiana's Year of the Trails.". Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the Governor to proclaim 2021 as "Indiana's Year of the Trails."
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Bishop Dwenger girls soccer team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Bishop Dwenger girls soccer team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Bishop Dwenger High School girls volleyball team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A State Championship.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Bishop Dwenger High School girls volleyball team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A State Championship.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Kenneth Weaver for helping a student and his sibling escape from a house fire during his virtual class.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Kenneth Weaver for helping a student and his sibling escape from a house fire during his virtual class.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Maureen "Mo" Merhoff on her retirement.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Maureen "Mo" Merhoff on her retirement.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the Zionsville Chamber of Commerce on their Diamond Jubilee 60th anniversary.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the Zionsville Chamber of Commerce on their Diamond Jubilee 60th anniversary.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION supporting Taiwan's signing of a Bilateral Trade Agreement with the United States, reaffirming Indiana's commitment to strengthening and deepening of the sister ties between Indiana and Taiwan, and continuing to support an increase in Taiwan's international profile.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION supporting Taiwan's signing of a Bilateral Trade Agreement with the United States, reaffirming Indiana's commitment to strengthening and deepening of the sister ties between Indiana and Taiwan, and continuing to support an increase in Taiwan's international profile.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the topic of identifying Jim Crow era laws and criminal penalties still in the Indiana Code that were passed specifically to target racial minorities, and to make recommendations on amending or repealing those laws.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the topic of identifying Jim Crow era laws and criminal penalties still in the Indiana Code that were passed specifically to target racial minorities, and to make recommendations on amending or repealing those laws.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the dedication and courage of the Buffalo Soldiers.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the dedication and courage of the Buffalo Soldiers.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Reeve Muncie on winning the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") wrestling state championship title for the 285 weight class.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Reeve Muncie on winning the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") wrestling state championship title for the 285 weight class.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator John C. Ruckelshaus upon his retirement from the Indiana State Senate.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator John C. Ruckelshaus upon his retirement from the Indiana State Senate.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator James W. Merritt, Jr. upon his retirement from the Indiana State Senate.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator James W. Merritt, Jr. upon his retirement from the Indiana State Senate.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Chairman David Cook upon his retirement as Chairman of the Indiana Alcohol and Tobacco Commission, and congratulating him on his new position as the Indiana Inspector General.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Chairman David Cook upon his retirement as Chairman of the Indiana Alcohol and Tobacco Commission, and congratulating him on his new position as the Indiana Inspector General.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION denouncing anti-Asian and Pacific Islander racism and any form of bias crime in Indiana resulting from the coronavirus.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION denouncing anti-Asian and Pacific Islander racism and any form of bias crime in Indiana resulting from the coronavirus.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Mr. Logan Wagner on his 2021 state championship title in wrestling.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Mr. Logan Wagner on his 2021 state championship title in wrestling.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Matthew A. Shockley on receiving the 2020 High School Principal of the Year award.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Matthew A. Shockley on receiving the 2020 High School Principal of the Year award.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing March 21, 2021, as World Down Syndrome Day.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing March 21, 2021, as World Down Syndrome Day.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Vice President Michael R. Pence upon his retirement from the Vice Presidency of the United States of America.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Vice President Michael R. Pence upon his retirement from the Vice Presidency of the United States of America.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring former State Representative Edmund M. Mahern.. Description: Honoring former State Representative Edmund M. Mahern.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the 2021 Senate Majority Caucus interns and thanking them for their service to the Indiana General Assembly.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the 2021 Senate Majority Caucus interns and thanking them for their service to the Indiana General Assembly.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize and honor the Senate Democratic Caucus Interns for their service during the First Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty Second Indiana General Assembly.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize and honor the Senate Democratic Caucus Interns for their service during the First Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty Second Indiana General Assembly.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Douglas MacArthur Elementary School on receiving the 2021 National Institute for Excellence in Teaching (NIET) Founder's Award.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Douglas MacArthur Elementary School on receiving the 2021 National Institute for Excellence in Teaching (NIET) Founder's Award.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign to the appropriate study committee the topic of school corporation disannexation.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign to the appropriate study committee the topic of school corporation disannexation.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the week of January 31 - February 6, 2021, as National Catholic Schools Week.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the week of January 31 - February 6, 2021, as National Catholic Schools Week.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the 100th Anniversary of the American Physical Therapy Association (APTA).. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the 100th Anniversary of the American Physical Therapy Association (APTA).
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the 165th anniversary of the Theta Chi Fraternity and its continuing mission of philanthropy and brotherhood.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the 165th anniversary of the Theta Chi Fraternity and its continuing mission of philanthropy and brotherhood.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the topic of examining barriers to competitive, integrated employment for individuals with disabilities.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the topic of examining barriers to competitive, integrated employment for individuals with disabilities.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring John Herron upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring John Herron upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the exceptional work and dedication of the Indiana State Senate employees.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the exceptional work and dedication of the Indiana State Senate employees.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the United States Tennis Association ("USTA") on its 140th anniversary.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the United States Tennis Association ("USTA") on its 140th anniversary.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Ryan Vaughn for his exemplary contributions to the City of Indianapolis and the State of Indiana.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Ryan Vaughn for his exemplary contributions to the City of Indianapolis and the State of Indiana.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign the topic of long-term care insurance to the appropriate study committee.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign the topic of long-term care insurance to the appropriate study committee.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Leland Walker on being named to the 2020-21 first team of the ALL-USA Central Indiana boys basketball Super Team.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Leland Walker on being named to the 2020-21 first team of the ALL-USA Central Indiana boys basketball Super Team.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Mark Huggler upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Mark Huggler upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing gratitude to Verizon Communications for its role in promoting and supporting the Indiana General Assembly's legislative internship program and scholarships.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing gratitude to Verizon Communications for its role in promoting and supporting the Indiana General Assembly's legislative internship program and scholarships.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing the sincere gratitude and appreciation of the Indiana Senate to the Indiana Legislative Services Agency for its tireless work and dedication during the First Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty-Second General Assembly.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing the sincere gratitude and appreciation of the Indiana Senate to the Indiana Legislative Services Agency for its tireless work and dedication during the First Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty-Second General Assembly.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Western Boone High School football team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Western Boone High School football team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the Bishop Chatard football team for winning the 2020 Class 3A state championship.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the Bishop Chatard football team for winning the 2020 Class 3A state championship.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Garald "Eddie" Hastings on being awarded the 2020 First Responder of the Year Award and the 2020 Firefighter of the Year Award from the Posey Township Volunteer Fire Department.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Garald "Eddie" Hastings on being awarded the 2020 First Responder of the Year Award and the 2020 Firefighter of the Year Award from the Posey Township Volunteer Fire Department.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Connie Sivertson on receiving the 2021 School Counselor of the Year award.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Connie Sivertson on receiving the 2021 School Counselor of the Year award.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Silver Creek High School boys and girls basketball teams on becoming the third school in Indiana history to jointly win state championships in the same season.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Silver Creek High School boys and girls basketball teams on becoming the third school in Indiana history to jointly win state championships in the same season.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Zac Maier for his exceptional work during the First Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty-Second General Assembly.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Zac Maier for his exceptional work during the First Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty-Second General Assembly.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Kevin Handley, Jr., Jayden Shipp, and Derrick Lamb.. Description: Honoring Kevin Handley, Jr., Jayden Shipp, and Derrick Lamb.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a Joint Session of the One Hundred Twenty-Second General Assembly of the State of Indiana.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a Joint Session of the One Hundred Twenty-Second General Assembly of the State of Indiana.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing January as Human Trafficking Awareness Month.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing January as Human Trafficking Awareness Month.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the life of Mr. Byron David Ratcliffe Sr.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the life of Mr. Byron David Ratcliffe Sr.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to recognize the 100th anniversary of Disabled American Veterans and officially establish September 25, 2020, as Disabled American Veterans Day in Indiana.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to recognize the 100th anniversary of Disabled American Veterans and officially establish September 25, 2020, as Disabled American Veterans Day in Indiana.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION adding Indiana Veteran's Administration Medical Centers to the Center for Compassionate Innovation.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION adding Indiana Veteran's Administration Medical Centers to the Center for Compassionate Innovation.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing June 8, 2021, as the 100th Anniversary of the founding of the Department of Indiana Veterans of Foreign Wars.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing June 8, 2021, as the 100th Anniversary of the founding of the Department of Indiana Veterans of Foreign Wars.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Lowell High School junior Karina James for winning the IHSAA Cross Country Championship.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Lowell High School junior Karina James for winning the IHSAA Cross Country Championship.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing FFA and all of its work to advance the quality of agricultural education both locally and nationally.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing FFA and all of its work to advance the quality of agricultural education both locally and nationally.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to honor First Lieutenant Clayton Robert Cullen by naming a portion of State Road 67 the "Lt. Clayton Robert Cullen Memorial Highway".. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to honor First Lieutenant Clayton Robert Cullen by naming a portion of State Road 67 the "Lt. Clayton Robert Cullen Memorial Highway".
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename a bridge on U.S. Route 27 in Fort Wayne as the "Fort Wayne Veterans Memorial Bridge".. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename a bridge on U.S. Route 27 in Fort Wayne as the "Fort Wayne Veterans Memorial Bridge".
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Marine Corporal John C. Bishop.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Marine Corporal John C. Bishop.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge over Richland Creek on U.S. Highway 150 as the "Greenville Veterans Memorial Bridge".. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge over Richland Creek on U.S. Highway 150 as the "Greenville Veterans Memorial Bridge".
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge over Big Walnut Creek at North U.S. Highway 231 as the "James Baugh Memorial Bridge".. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the bridge over Big Walnut Creek at North U.S. Highway 231 as the "James Baugh Memorial Bridge".
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the officers and crew of the USS Indiana (SSN 789).. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the officers and crew of the USS Indiana (SSN 789).
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Carmel Clay Parks and Recreation for winning its second National Gold Medal Award for Excellence in Park and Recreation Management.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Carmel Clay Parks and Recreation for winning its second National Gold Medal Award for Excellence in Park and Recreation Management.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Rebecca Daugherty-Saunders.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Rebecca Daugherty-Saunders.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the life and legacy of Tom Jernstedt.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the life and legacy of Tom Jernstedt.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Judge David Cates.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Judge David Cates.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Dennisha Murff.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Dennisha Murff.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating All-American Girls Professional Baseball pioneer Betsy Jochum on her 100th birthday.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating All-American Girls Professional Baseball pioneer Betsy Jochum on her 100th birthday.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Crown Point High School's Jesse Mendez on his third state wrestling championship.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Crown Point High School's Jesse Mendez on his third state wrestling championship.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Crown Point High School's girls basketball team on winning the state championship.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Crown Point High School's girls basketball team on winning the state championship.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION celebrating the 115th anniversary of the founding of International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 481.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION celebrating the 115th anniversary of the founding of International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 481.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Judge James S. Kirsch.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Judge James S. Kirsch.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Virginia Caine.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Virginia Caine.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the 2020 South Adams High School Starfires football team on its record-breaking season.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the 2020 South Adams High School Starfires football team on its record-breaking season.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION designating a salute to the Indiana State Flag.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION designating a salute to the Indiana State Flag.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring and remembering the life of Officer Eric Talley.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring and remembering the life of Officer Eric Talley.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the impact and achievements of Das Dutchman Essenhaus.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the impact and achievements of Das Dutchman Essenhaus.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Grede Casting Industry for its 100 years of business.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Grede Casting Industry for its 100 years of business.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Barr-Reeve High School boys' basketball team.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Barr-Reeve High School boys' basketball team.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Indiana Task Force One.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Indiana Task Force One.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Hoosier Direct Support Professionals.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Hoosier Direct Support Professionals.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to allow the Senate and the House of Representatives of the 122nd Indiana General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the First Regular Session for periods in excess of three (3) consecutive days as the need, in the judgment of the President Pro Tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, respectively, may arise.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to allow the Senate and the House of Representatives of the 122nd Indiana General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the First Regular Session for periods in excess of three (3) consecutive days as the need, in the judgment of the President Pro Tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, respectively, may arise.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION directing the Congress of the United States to propose to the several states an amendment to the United States Constitution concerning the membership of the United States Supreme Court.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION directing the Congress of the United States to propose to the several states an amendment to the United States Constitution concerning the membership of the United States Supreme Court.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Marc Brunner.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Marc Brunner.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing John Schoffstall.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing John Schoffstall.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to place a memorial sign where the 38th parallel crosses State Road 69, south of Copperline Road in Posey County, Indiana, entitled "Posey County honoring the Veterans of the Korean War, here lies the 38th Parallel".. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to place a memorial sign where the 38th parallel crosses State Road 69, south of Copperline Road in Posey County, Indiana, entitled "Posey County honoring the Veterans of the Korean War, here lies the 38th Parallel".
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the section of State Road 930 in Allen County from Parnell Avenue to Crescent Avenue as the "Veterans National Memorial Mile".. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the section of State Road 930 in Allen County from Parnell Avenue to Crescent Avenue as the "Veterans National Memorial Mile".
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename a section of State Road 218 from County Road 500 E in Cass County to US 31 in Miami County as "The Honorable Richard A. Maughmer Highway".. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename a section of State Road 218 from County Road 500 E in Cass County to US 31 in Miami County as "The Honorable Richard A. Maughmer Highway".
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION expressing support for the United States Army's Future Vertical Lift Program, including the Future Long-Range Assault Aircraft Program, as part of the modernization of the United States Army, and urging the Indiana federal congressional delegation to support the full funding of the Future Vertical Lift Program in the federal budget and in subsequent authorization and appropriations legislation.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION expressing support for the United States Army's Future Vertical Lift Program, including the Future Long-Range Assault Aircraft Program, as part of the modernization of the United States Army, and urging the Indiana federal congressional delegation to support the full funding of the Future Vertical Lift Program in the federal budget and in subsequent authorization and appropriations legislation.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Reitz Memorial High School boys soccer team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Reitz Memorial High School boys soccer team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Covenant Christian High School football team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class A state championship.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Covenant Christian High School football team on winning the 2020 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class A state championship.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the life and accomplishments of Paul Loggan.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the life and accomplishments of Paul Loggan.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Julie Evans on receiving the 2020 Indiana Rural Teacher of the Year Award.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Julie Evans on receiving the 2020 Indiana Rural Teacher of the Year Award.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Indiana Secretary of State Connie Lawson upon her retirement from the Office of the Indiana Secretary of State.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Indiana Secretary of State Connie Lawson upon her retirement from the Office of the Indiana Secretary of State.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Silver Creek High School girls basketball team on winning the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Silver Creek High School girls basketball team on winning the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A championship title.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Paul A. Kaiser, PhD. upon his retirement as the superintendent of Beech Grove City Schools.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Paul A. Kaiser, PhD. upon his retirement as the superintendent of Beech Grove City Schools.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing James C. Clark.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing James C. Clark.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Columbus Youth Hockey, Inc. ("CYH") for their efforts in developing a successful youth hockey program and congratulating the program's Columbus Icemen ("Icemen") on winning the 2021 Indiana State High School Hockey Association ("ISHSHA") Class 2A championship.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Columbus Youth Hockey, Inc. ("CYH") for their efforts in developing a successful youth hockey program and congratulating the program's Columbus Icemen ("Icemen") on winning the 2021 Indiana State High School Hockey Association ("ISHSHA") Class 2A championship.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Lt. Scott Hahn, firefighter Bryan Cook, and firefighter Edward Eviston for their heroic actions.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Lt. Scott Hahn, firefighter Bryan Cook, and firefighter Edward Eviston for their heroic actions.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Gary West Side Cougars boys varsity basketball team on being sectional and regional champions.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Gary West Side Cougars boys varsity basketball team on being sectional and regional champions.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 100th anniversary of The Hoosier Gym and the 35th anniversary of the release of the film "Hoosiers".. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 100th anniversary of The Hoosier Gym and the 35th anniversary of the release of the film "Hoosiers".
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Martin "Marty" J. Meyers.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Martin "Marty" J. Meyers.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the mental health challenges in the Hoosier farming community.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the mental health challenges in the Hoosier farming community.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Tabernacle Christian High School girls basketball team on winning the 2021 Indiana Association of Christian Schools ("IACS") championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Tabernacle Christian High School girls basketball team on winning the 2021 Indiana Association of Christian Schools ("IACS") championship title.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Auston Young on being named the 2021 Junior American Bull Riding Champion.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Auston Young on being named the 2021 Junior American Bull Riding Champion.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Surety Community Ladies Center for their compassionate, life-affirming services to the communities of Richmond and Wayne County, Indiana.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Surety Community Ladies Center for their compassionate, life-affirming services to the communities of Richmond and Wayne County, Indiana.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Valparaiso High School Vikings gymnastics team on winning the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Valparaiso High School Vikings gymnastics team on winning the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") championship title.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Silver Creek High School boys basketball team on winning the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Silver Creek High School boys basketball team on winning the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A championship title.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Irv Cross.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Irv Cross.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Vernon Jordan.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Vernon Jordan.
In 2021, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Leo High School boys basketball team on being named the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A runner-up.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Leo High School boys basketball team on being named the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A runner-up.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Blackhawk Christian School boys basketball team on winning the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Blackhawk Christian School boys basketball team on winning the 2021 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A championship title.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Vietnam Wall Memorial.. Description: Recognizing the Vietnam Wall Memorial.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Futsum Zienasellassie.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Futsum Zienasellassie.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: School accountability.. Description: School accountability. Provides that a school's or school corporation's category or designation of school or school corporation performance assigned by the state board of education for the 2018-2019 school year may not be lower than the school's or school corporation's category or designation of school or school corporation performance for the 2017-2018 school year. Provides that a school's or school corporation's category or designation of school or school corporation performance assigned by the state board of education for the 2019-2020 school year is the higher of the school's or school corporation's: (1) category or designation of school or school corporation performance assigned for the 2018-2019 school year; or (2) category or designation of school or school corporation performance for the 2019-2020 school year. Provides that consequences for school improvement do not apply for the 2018-2019 or 2019-2020 school years. Provides that ILEARN program test scores or a school's category or designation of school improvement for the 2018-2019 or 2019-2020 school year may not be used by a school corporation as part of an annual performance evaluation of a particular certificated employee unless the use of the ILEARN program test scores or a school's category or designation of school improvement would improve the particular certificated employee's annual performance rating.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Teacher evaluations.. Description: Teacher evaluations. Removes the requirement that a school corporation's annual performance evaluation plan must be based, in part, on objective measures of student achievement. Authorizes the state board of education to adopt emergency rules. Makes conforming amendments. Makes technical corrections.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Provides that the state board of education (state board) shall determine the timing, frequency, and method of certain teacher training requirements, including whether the training should be required for purposes of obtaining or renewing a license or as part of the completion requirements for a teacher preparation program. Provides that the following apply to nonpublic schools accredited by a national or regional accrediting agency recognized by the state board: (1) Indiana secured school fund provisions. (2) Certain sale of school building provisions. (3) Certain textbook assistance provisions. Changes a provision concerning waivers from postsecondary readiness competency requirements that references "nonaccredited nonpublic school" to "nonaccredited nonpublic school that has less than one employee". Provides that the state board and the governing body of a school corporation or nonpublic school may not enter into, renew, or otherwise extend a contract to establish a freeway school after June 30, 2020. Provides that provisions relating to the establishment and administration of freeway schools expire July 1, 2025. Establishes new requirements to accredit a public or private school in Indiana. Provides that the state board may grant an application by a school or group of schools that requests to waive compliance with certain statutes or rules. Requires the state board to annually prepare a report that includes certain information regarding compliance waiver requests and provide the report to the general assembly. Provides that a school corporation may publish in a local newspaper a summary of the annual performance report with a description of how to find and view the full annual performance report on the Internet in lieu of publishing the whole annual performance report. Provides that a school corporation may publish in a local newspaper a summary of the annual financial report with a description of how to find and view the full annual financial report on the Internet in lieu of publishing the whole annual financial report. Repeals a provision that requires the state board to implement a system of recognizing certain education programs of nonpublic schools. Repeals: (1) a provision relating to performance based school accreditation; (2) a provision pertaining to school improvement plans; and (3) a provision pertaining to the recognition of educational programs of nonpublic schools. Makes conforming amendments and technical corrections.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Health matters.. Description: Health matters. States that the office of the secretary of family and social services and a managed care organization may not prohibit a provider from participating in another insurance network. Defines "weighted average negotiated charge" and requires the weighted average negotiated charge per service per provider type for Medicaid to be reported by hospitals and ambulatory outpatient surgical centers. Requires certain health care providers, beginning July 1, 2021, to provide a good faith estimate to individuals of the price for nonemergency health care services to be provided to the individual by the health care provider and sets forth requirements. Allows an individual to request a good faith estimate from a health care provider for the total price for nonemergency services that have been ordered, scheduled, or referred. and requires the health care provider to provide the good faith estimate. Sets forth requirements for the good faith estimate. Provides that an out of network practitioner who provides health care services to a covered individual in an in network facility may not charge more for the health care services provided to a covered individual than allowed according to the rate or amount of compensation established by the covered individual's network plan unless: (1) at least five days before the health care services are scheduled to be provided, the covered individual is provided a statement that: (A) informs the covered individual that the facility or practitioner intends to charge more than allowed under the network plan; and (B) sets forth an estimate of the charge; and (2) the covered individual signs the statement, signifying the covered individual's consent to the charge. Sets forth notice requirements. Sets forth provisions that a physician noncompete agreement must include in order to be enforceable. Provides for information and notification that an employer must give to a physician who leaves the employment of the provider. Allows an individual to request from a health carrier a good faith estimate of the amount of the cost of nonemergency health care services that the health carrier will pay for or reimburse and the applicable benefit limitations of the nonemergency health care service. Sets forth requirements of a good faith estimate by a health carrier and sets penalties for violations.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Minimum age to marry and emancipation of minors.. Description: Minimum age to marry and emancipation of minors. Specifies that an "adult" is: (1) a person at least eighteen years of age; or (2) a: (A) married minor who is at least sixteen years of age; or (B) minor that has been completely emancipated by a court; for the purpose of marriage. Raises the minimum age to marry from 15 years of age to 16 years of age. Provides that an individual 16 or 17 years of age may marry only if: (1) the individual's intended spouse is not more than four years older than the individual; (2) a juvenile court has issued an order allowing the individual to marry; and (3) the individual: (A) completes any premarital counseling required under the order; (B) applies for a marriage license not earlier than 15 days after the order is issued; and (C) includes a certified copy of the order with the individual's application for a marriage license. Repeals provisions requiring an individual less than 18 years of age to obtain consent to marry from the individual's parent or guardian. Specifies a process an individual 16 or 17 years of age must follow to petition a juvenile court for an order allowing the individual to marry, and specifies conditions necessary for approval of the petition and conditions requiring denial of the petition. Provides that a court that issues an order allowing an individual at least 16 years of age to marry must also issue an order completely emancipating the individual. Amends the list of records or documents an individual may submit to a court clerk as proof of the individual's date of birth for purposes of applying for a marriage license. Amends the law regarding petitions by minors for emancipation as follows: (1) Provides that a court hearing a minor's petition for emancipation must appoint a guardian ad litem for the minor. (2) Provides that the guardian ad litem shall investigate the statements contained in the minor's petition and file a report of the investigation with the court. (3) Provides that a court may grant a minor's petition for emancipation only if the court finds that emancipation is in the child's best interests. (4) Provides that if the court completely emancipates the child: (A) the child has all the rights and responsibilities of an adult; and (B) the emancipation order may not specify terms of emancipation. Provides that an emancipated child remains subject to: (1) Indiana law concerning minimum age for marriage; and (2) other specific constitutional and statutory age requirements applicable to the emancipated child because of the emancipated child's age. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Fiscal matters.. Description: Fiscal matters. Adds several standard provisions to the sports wagering fund. Repeals a provision requiring review by the budget committee of certain agreements or extensions of agreements entered into by the Indiana finance authority or the state. Appropriates money from the state general fund for various projects of Indiana's state educational institutions.
In 2020, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Occupational license endorsement.. Description: Occupational license endorsement. Requires a board that issues a license for certain regulated occupations to issue a license to an individual who: (1) is licensed in the regulated occupation in another state or jurisdiction; (2) has established residency in Indiana; (3) has passed a substantially equivalent examination as determined by the board; (4) is and has been in good standing in the individual's licensure in the other state or jurisdiction; (5) pays a fee to the board; and (6) completes the licensure application form required by the board. Allows a board that requires an applicant to submit to a national criminal history background check to maintain that requirement with regard to applicants for licensure who meet all of the license endorsement requirements. Provides that nothing in the bill prevents or supersedes a: (1) compact; or (2) reciprocity or comity agreement; if established by the board or the general assembly. Provides that, if a board has entered into a national reciprocal or endorsement agreement or a reciprocal or endorsement agreement with one or more states, those agreements remain in effect. Makes a technical correction.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various welfare matters.. Description: Various welfare matters. Provides that money earned by a child or a member of the child's family as a student participating in a paid internship, a work based learning course, or a paid postsecondary work experience that allows the individual to apply for a related apprenticeship is: (1) disregarded for purposes of determining eligibility for assistance or the amount of assistance for a child under the federal Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program and the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP); (2) disregarded for certain Medicaid category populations in determining eligibility for Medicaid; and (3) factored by applying a reasonable method to include a prorated portion of reasonably predictable future income in determining Medicaid eligibility for certain Medicaid category populations. Specifies that income earned by an individual employed in a temporary job as a census worker is not counted for purposes of: (1) TANF; (2) SNAP; (3) Medicaid; (4) a school lunch program; and (5) determining eligibility for certain scholarships, grants, or awards. Changes the amount of equity value in a motor vehicle disregarded for purposes of eligibility in the TANF program from $5,000 to $10,000.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: State museum and historic sites corporation.. Description: State museum and historic sites corporation. Specifies that a memorandum of understanding between the chief executive officer of the Indiana state museum and historic sites corporation (corporation) and a nonprofit organization that supports a specific state historic site may not include certain restrictions on the fundraising activities of the nonprofit organization and certain operations of the nonprofit organization. Requires the corporation to return certain donor restricted funds to a nonprofit organization if the funds are not used for a donor's specified use in a historic site project.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Rights of professional firefighters.. Description: Rights of professional firefighters. Provides that a full-time, paid, nonprobationary firefighter has certain minimum protections in addition to any protections provided by contract or other law with regard to the following: (1) The conduct of an interview of the firefighter by the fire department (department) regarding a complaint or internal investigation. (2) The giving of notice by the department to the firefighter of a personnel reassignment, personnel action, or disciplinary action. (3) The disclosure of the firefighter's personal financial information for purposes of a personnel assignment or action. (4) The firefighter's engagement in or refusal to engage in political activity. (Currently these statutes apply only to police officers and police departments.) Repeals a provision that makes the provisions applicable only to police officers.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Liens.. Description: Liens. Permits a person to discharge a mechanic's lien by filing an indemnification, payment, or cash bond with the recorder's office in an amount equal to at least 150% of the lien or $7,500, whichever is greater. Requires the surety responsible for issuing an indemnification or payment bond to: (1) be authorized to do business in Indiana; and (2) be rated at least "A-" by at least one nationally recognized investment rating service. Specifies certain requirements concerning the recording of an indemnification or payment bond. Provides that the filing of a bond discharges the property and liability of a person served by a lien claimant not less than 30 days after the filing of a bond. Provides that a contractor or subcontractor may adjudicate the adequacy of a bond in certain instances. Provides that the liability of a person served by a lien claimant may not be discharged while the adequacy of a bond is being adjudicated. Repeals the current statute concerning the filing of a written undertaking to discharge a lien.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Hobart Police Department Corporal Kevin Garber Jr. and K-9 Butch.. Description: Congratulating Hobart Police Department Corporal Kevin Garber Jr. and K-9 Butch.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Panhandling.. Description: Panhandling. Provides that a person who panhandles within 50 feet of: (1) the entrance or exit to a bank, business, or restaurant; (2) the location where a financial transaction occurs; or (3) a public monument; commits the offense of panhandling, a Class C misdemeanor. Provides that a person who knowingly or intentionally panhandles regardless of the time of day commits panhandling, a Class C misdemeanor. (Current law limits the time period of the offense to after sunset and before sunrise.) Defines "financial transaction" and "public monument".
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Township assessors.. Description: Township assessors. Abolishes the office of township assessor, effective January 1, 2023. Transfers the duties of the township assessor to the county assessor of the county in which the township is located. Provides that if the office of township assessor becomes vacant before January 1, 2023, the office is abolished and the duties of the township assessor are transferred to the county assessor.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Interfering with public safety.. Description: Interfering with public safety. Renames the offense of "interfering with law enforcement" to "interfering with public safety", and provides that a person who enters a marked off area after having been denied entry by an emergency medical services provider commits interfering with public safety. (Under current law, the offense is only committed if the person is denied entry by a law enforcement officer.)
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Distracted driving.. Description: Distracted driving. Provides that, except in certain circumstances, a person may not hold or use a telecommunications device while operating a moving motor vehicle. Removes prohibitions on typing, transmitting, or reading a text message or an electronic mail message while operating a moving motor vehicle. Provides that the bureau may not assess points under the point system for a violation occurring before July 1, 2021.
In 2020, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Pharmacy benefit managers.. Description: Pharmacy benefit managers. Requires a pharmacy benefit manager to obtain a license issued by the department of insurance and sets forth requirements of the pharmacy benefit manager. Provides for the commissioner of the department of insurance to adopt rules to specify licensure, financial standards, and reporting requirements that apply to a pharmacy benefit manager. Sets forth requirements and prohibitions of a pharmacy benefit manager. Allows a party that has contracted with a pharmacy benefit manager to request an audit of compliance at least one time per year. Makes violations of the chapter concerning pharmacy benefit managers an unfair or deceptive act or practice in the business of insurance. Allows a pharmacy benefit manager to obtain the license not later than December 31, 2020, in order to do business in Indiana and provide services for any health provider contract beginning January 1, 2021. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the interim study committee on public health, behavioral health, and human services.)
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Firefighters and police officers.. Description: Firefighters and police officers. Provides that a political subdivision served by a volunteer fire department may make contributions to the public employees' defined contribution plan for the members of the volunteer fire department in an amount determined by the governing body of the political subdivision. Provides that a unit's obligation to provide insurance coverage for a volunteer firefighter or member of an emergency medical services personnel supersedes the obligation of another medical insurance carrier. Increases the maximum age for police officers to begin membership in the 1977 police officers' and firefighters' pension and disability fund from 35 to 39 years of age.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honor and Remember flag.. Description: Honor and Remember flag. Allows the Honor and Remember flag to be displayed at each state office building, the Indiana veterans' cemetery, and each veterans cemetery managed by the Indiana department of veterans' affairs. Provides that the Honor and Remember flag may be annually displayed during the month of May. Allows the Honor and Remember flag to be displayed at any time by certain entities.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Justice reinvestment advisory council.. Description: Justice reinvestment advisory council. Specifies the purpose and certain duties of the justice reinvestment advisory council, including the duty to study jail overcrowding, and adds additional members, including members of the Indiana evidence based decision making initiative (which is a partnership between state and local criminal justice stakeholders). Makes a technical correction.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Business associations.. Description: Business associations. Amends the statute governing franchises as follows: (1) Specifies that the exemption from certain requirements of the statute that applies to a franchisor that sells no more than one franchise in any 24 month period applies with respect to the number of franchises sold by the franchisor in Indiana. (Current law does not specify where the franchise sales must have occurred in the 24 month period.) (2) Requires a person with a registered franchise to notify the securities commissioner (commissioner) of any material change in the information set forth in the person's required disclosure statement not later than 30 days after the occurrence of the event constituting the change, and sets forth specific events that constitute a material change. (3) Provides that the registration of a franchise with the commissioner is renewed at the time the registration would have expired unless the franchisor requests an earlier renewal date. (Current law does not allow for a franchisor to request an earlier renewal date.) (4) Provides that if a franchise registration form or registration renewal form is denied or withdrawn, the commissioner shall retain the amount of the fee submitted in connection with the form. (Current law provides that the commissioner shall retain $150 of the submitted fee.) Amends the statute governing continuing care contracts to provide that if a provider posts a letter of credit, negotiable securities, or a bond as an alternative to establishing an escrow account for the deposit of entrance fees, as otherwise required by the statute, the amount posted must be at least equal to the maximum amount of entrance fees reasonably anticipated by the provider to otherwise be subject to the escrow requirements. (Current law provides that the letter of credit, negotiable securities, or bond must be for an amount not to exceed the total amount of all entrance fees received by the provider before the date a resident is permitted to occupy a particular living unit.) Changes the term "interpretative" to "interpretive" in various provisions in the Indiana Uniform Securities Act (Act) with respect to opinions issued under the Act. Amends the statute concerning the licensing of collection agencies as follows: (1) Provides that the surety bond required to be submitted with a collection agency's original or renewal application for a collection agency license must be: (A) an electronic corporate surety bond that is: (i) filed by the applicant collection agency; (ii) satisfactory to the commissioner; and (iii) in an amount calculated to equal the sum of $5,000 for each of the collection agency's Indiana offices; and (B) filed through the Nationwide Multistate Licensing System. (2) Adds to the list of qualifications that apply to: (A) individual applicants for collection agency licenses; and (B) individual officers or members who actively manage collection activities for corporate or other applicants for collection agency licenses. (3) Specifies that the secretary of state shall issue forms and orders and adopt and enforce rules and regulations as advisable or necessary to carry out the statute. (Current law does not specify that the secretary of state shall issue forms and orders.) Makes technical corrections.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Pulaski County local income tax.. Description: Pulaski County local income tax. Provides that a tax imposed by a fiscal body on the adjusted gross income of local taxpayers at a tax rate that does not exceed three-tenths percent (0.3%) expires December 31, 2020. Provides that for calendar years beginning after December 31, 2020, and before January 1, 2036, the county fiscal body may impose a tax on the adjusted gross income of local taxpayers at a tax rate that does not exceed three-tenths percent (0.3%). Amends purposes for which revenue generated from the special purpose tax rate may be used.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Sales tax on recreational vehicles.. Description: Sales tax on recreational vehicles. Provides that for certain transactions involving a cargo trailer or recreational vehicle, the state gross retail tax rate is the rate of the nonreciprocal state or foreign country (excluding any locally imposed tax rates) in which the cargo trailer or recreational vehicle will be titled or registered, as certified by the seller and purchaser in an affidavit prescribed by the department of state revenue (department). Provides what information must be included in the affidavit prescribed by the department. Provides that the department shall create a certificate of sales tax paid form for a cargo trailer or recreational vehicle that may be completed by the dealer and provided to the purchaser of a cargo trailer or recreational vehicle sold in Indiana. Provides that the department may audit submitted affidavits and make a proposed assessment of the amount of unpaid tax due with respect to any incorrect information.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Public safety officer death benefits.. Description: Public safety officer death benefits. Increases, from $150,000 to $225,000, the special death benefit for certain public safety officers, certain motor carrier inspectors, certain special police employees, members of the 1925 police pension fund, the 1937 firefighters' pension fund, the 1953 police pension fund, and the 1977 police officers' and firefighters' pension and disability fund who die in the line of duty after June 30, 2020. Provides that the board shall determine contributions and contribution rates for individual employers or for a group of employers necessary to adequately maintain the special death benefit fund. Provides that, for certain police officers, firefighters, and emergency medical services providers, the cost of the coverage is in addition to the contribution determined by the board.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various tax matters.. Description: Various tax matters. Amends the definition of "inventory" for purposes of property tax. Amends the definition of "land developer" for purposes of provisions that apply to reassessment of undeveloped land. Provides that, if a taxpayer believes that the taxpayer has overreported a personal property assessment that is discovered in the course of a review of the taxpayer's personal property assessment for which the assessing official fails to make an adjustment to correct the error, the taxpayer may: (1) initiate an appeal with the county property tax assessment board of appeals for a credit to offset any resulting overpayment; or (2) file a claim for refund with regard to any resulting overpayment. Authorizes an appeal to the Indiana board of tax review of the denial of the refund claim with regard to a resulting overpayment. Provides that a: (1) township fire protection and emergency services area; or (2) fire protection district; that experiences more than 6% population growth during a 10 year period may increase its maximum property tax levy for 2021 or any year thereafter by an amount based on the population growth that exceeds 6%. Provides, however, that the township or fire protection district may not increase the tax levy based on the population growth by a total rate of more than 0.15 per $100 of the net assessed value of the fire protection and emergency services area or fire protection district area within a 10 year period. Adds provisions concerning a school corporation's establishment of a school improvement fund if payments for loans or advances from the common school fund are suspended and related provisions. Amends the definition of "qualified higher education expenses" for the purpose of the 529 college savings contribution tax credit to exclude qualified education loan repayments. Amends the definition of "taxpayer" for the purpose of the 529 college savings contribution tax credit to include a married individual filing a separate return. Amends the industrial recovery tax credit to: (1) provide that qualified expenses must be certified by the Indiana economic development corporation before the taxpayer is entitled to the credit for a taxable year; and (2) specify that a taxpayer may make more than one assignment of any part of the credit, but may not assign the same part of a credit more than once. Amends the definition of "qualified redevelopment site" for purposes of the redevelopment tax credit to include a mine reclamation site. Provides that a local income tax council (LIT council) for a county with a single voting bloc must vote as a whole in order to exercise its authority to increase (but not decrease) a local income tax rate in the county. Defines a "county with a single voting bloc" as a county in which one city or one town that is a member of the LIT council is allocated more than 50% of the total votes allocated to the members of the LIT council. Sunsets this provision on May 31, 2021. Provides that actions taken by a member of a LIT council, or a LIT council, for a county with a single voting bloc after December 31, 2019, and before April 1, 2020, on a resolution or proposed ordinance to increase a local income tax in the county are void. Retroactively amends local income tax provisions that authorize Monroe County and Howard County to impose a special purpose rate to fund operation and maintenance of a juvenile detention center to remove provisions referring to property tax credits that were inadvertently included in those special purpose rate provisions when the local income tax law was enacted. Imposes a nonprofit agricultural organization health coverage tax on an organization that provides nonprofit agricultural organization coverage in Indiana. Defines "nonprofit agricultural organization coverage" for purposes of the tax. Provides that the tax is equal to 1.3% of gross premiums collected in the previous calendar year. Provides that a charter school may elect to distribute a proportionate share of the charter school's operations fund to the school corporation in whose district the charter school is located. Provides that a school corporation may distribute money that is received as part of a referendum tax levy to a charter school, excluding a virtual charter school, that is located in the attendance area of the school corporation. Provides that the resolution adopted by a school corporation to place a referendum on the ballot must indicate whether proceeds collected from the tax levy will be used to provide a distribution to a charter school or charter schools, excluding a virtual charter school, as well as the amount that will be distributed. Removes the cap on the amount of career and technical education enrollment grants that may be distributed per state fiscal year. Provides that Spencer County is subject to a provision of the area planning law concerning urban areas. Makes certain changes to provisions that permit a redevelopment commission to establish a program for residential housing development and a tax increment funding allocation area for the program, including the following: (1) Provides that the threshold condition for establishing a residential housing development program (program) does not apply for purposes of establishing a program in an economic development target area. (2) Requires the department of redevelopment to consult with officials of all school corporations within the proposed allocation area before formal submission of the program. (3) Requires the department of redevelopment to provide notice of the public hearing on the program to all affected taxing units and officials of all school corporations within the proposed allocation area. Revises the definition of "income tax base period amount" in the context of the certified technology park statute. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee during the 2020 legislative interim the task of studying tax credits and other fiscal incentives for a film and media production program.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Provides that a school corporation shall accept a transferring student who does not have legal settlement in the school corporation if the school corporation has the capacity to accept the student and the student's parent is a current employee of the transferee school corporation with an annual salary of at least: (1) $8,000; or (2) $3,000 earned due to being included as an employee in the extracurricular portion of the transferee school corporation's current collective bargaining agreement. Provides that for purposes of accepting the transfer of a student who is a child of a school employee when the school corporation has a policy of not accepting transfer students, the school corporation may not enroll and may not report for purposes of state tuition support a student whose parent does not meet certain requirements. Provides that a school corporation, charter school, or nonpublic school with at least one employee may provide a presentation or instruction to students explaining aspects of autism, including behaviors that students with autism may exhibit as well as student interaction with students with autism. Provides that each public school and private school with at least one employee shall provide, upon request of another school in which the student currently attends, the requesting school a copy of a particular student's disciplinary records that are relevant to the safety of students who currently attend the requesting school. Provides that a school corporation may use a special purpose bus or certain other appropriate vehicles to transport students to and from a career or technical education program. Requires the department of education (department) to publish the following information from the previous school year or collective bargaining period on the department's Internet web site: (1) The total number of full-time teachers retained from the previous year. (2) Teacher workforce growth. (3) The number of emergency permits granted by each school corporation, categorized by content area. Requires the department to include in its annual report, and publish on the department's Internet web site, the number of vacant teaching positions in each school corporation by: (1) grade; (2) subject; and (3) required credential; with critical shortage areas, as determined by unfilled vacancies, highlighted for each school corporation. Makes changes to the determination of which pupils may be included in a school corporation's average daily membership (ADM). Provides that a student who: (1) qualifies for free or reduced price lunch under the national school lunch program; or (2) attended a turnaround academy under IC 20-31-9.5 or attends a school that is located in the same school building as the participating innovation network charter school, may receive preference for admission to a participating innovation network charter school if the preference is specifically provided for in the charter and is approved by the authorizer. Provides that staff performance evaluation plans for the Indianapolis Public Schools must be developed and implemented in accordance with statewide teacher evaluation plan requirements. Provides that a teacher who: (1) is employed in a school corporation; (2) loses his or her job in the school corporation because of a reorganization; and (3) has received a rating of effective or highly effective on his or her most recent performance evaluation; shall receive an employment preference over other candidates for the same vacant teaching position, for a period of not more than one year after the teacher loses his or her job. Provides that a teacher who: (1) is employed in a school corporation; (2) loses his or her job in a school corporation because of a reorganization; and (3) is subsequently employed by a community school corporation created by a reorganization; retains certain rights and privileges that the teacher held at the time the teacher lost his or her job in the original school corporation. Provides that, after June 30, 2021, a governing body may not enter into a contract with a superintendent on or after the date of the election for one or more members of the governing body until January 1 of the year immediately following the year of the election. Requires that the majority of the benchmark, formative, interim, or similar assessments approved by the state board of education (state board) must indicate the degree to which students are on track for grade level proficiency and college and career readiness. Requires that a principal or a principal's designee ensure that a suspended student receives credit, in the same manner as a student who is not suspended would receive, for any assignments or school work assigned during the period of the student's suspension that the student completes. Provides that charter schools that enroll certain students for the purposes of the students receiving services from accredited nonpublic alternative high schools are entitled to receive a certain amount of state tuition support for the students. Amends the definition of "governmental entity" under the criminal code to include a charter school and the organizer for purposes of the criminal provisions that apply to offenses against public administration. Requires the department to: (1) prepare a report that includes information from the 2019-2020 school year for each school corporation, charter school, and eligible school regarding the number of students counted in average daily membership (ADM) who were not reported through the student testing number application center as having completed a course; (2) submit, not later than December 1, 2020, the report to the legislative council; (3) post the report to the department's Internet web site; and (4) provide a link to the report to each school corporation, charter school, and eligible school. Provides that each school corporation and charter school may place a durable poster or framed picture representing: (1) the national motto of the United States, "In God We Trust"; (2) an accurate representation of the United States flag; and (3) an accurate representation of the Indiana state flag; in each school library and classroom within the school corporation or charter school. Provides that the representation of the United States flag and the Indiana state flag must comply with any applicable federal or state laws concerning the design, dimensions, or presentation of each respective flag. Provides that the provisions of SEA 2-2020 apply to an adult high school. Urges: (1) the state board to approve, for purposes of career and technical education graduation pathways, a career and technical education cluster that allows students to acquire knowledge and skills related to employment in the electric, natural gas, communications, water, and wastewater utility industries; (2) the governor's workforce cabinet (cabinet), in consultation with the state board, department of education, and department of workforce development: (A) to create course sequences for the career and technical education cluster; and (B) in creating the course sequences: (i) to consider the impact of course sequences on long term outcomes of students; and (ii) to prioritize course sequences that lead to high wage, high demand jobs; and (3) the cabinet to: (A) collect data regarding approved career clusters and course sequences to inform decision making around approving, creating, and amending current and future career clusters and course sequence requirements; and (B) report to the general assembly regarding the collected data.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Dental hygienists.. Description: Dental hygienists. Amends the definition of "prescriptive supervision" concerning circumstances under which a licensed dentist is not required to be present in a facility when patient care is provided by a dental hygienist. Restates restrictions on use of a laser by a dental hygienist. Provides that a dental hygienist may administer topical local dental anesthetics, other than nitrous oxide or similar analgesics, without supervision. Prescribes requirements for administration of nitrous oxide by a dental hygienist or a dental assistant. Provides, for purposes of regulation of dental hygienists, that a person, other than a dentist, a physician, or a dental assistant who administers nitrous oxide is considered to be practicing dental hygiene. Removes a limitation on the number of credit hours earned for certification in basic life support that may be applied to a dental hygienist's continuing education requirement. Provides that there is no limit on the number of credit hours a dental hygienist may earn for completion of an approved course offered by another dental hygienist.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Summons to appear for a misdemeanor.. Description: Summons to appear for a misdemeanor. Provides that in lieu of arresting a person who has allegedly committed a misdemeanor (other than a traffic misdemeanor) in a law enforcement officer's presence, the officer may issue a summons and promise to appear unless the person: (1) has committed a violent misdemeanor offense that involves a victim or a weapon or involves an offense related to the impaired operation of a motor vehicle; (2) poses a safety risk to the person, the officer, or the public; or (3) has falsely identified the person to the officer. Requires that the summons set forth substantially the nature of the offense and direct the person to appear before a court at a stated place and time not later than seven business days after issuance of the summons.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Professional licensing agency.. Description: Professional licensing agency. Amends various statutes to conform to HEA 1269-2019. Removes the one year limitation on renewing the registration of a pharmacist intern. Provides that the terms for members of the Indiana athletic trainers board are "specified" rather than "made". Removes the requirement that an out-of-state provider's home state extend reciprocity to Indiana licensees when considering the out-of-state provider's application for a license to provide home medical equipment services on the basis of reciprocity. Provides that an out-of-state provider does not need to: (1) have a physical facility; or (2) maintain inventory; in Indiana in order to obtain reciprocity for the purpose of providing home medical equipment services. Reorganizes the home medical equipment services statute by separating the reciprocity requirements from the general license application statute. Updates terminology in the physician assistant statute to refer to collaboration rather than supervision in conformance with HEA 1248-2019. Specifies that a registration concerning the manufacture, distribution, or dispensing of a controlled substance is automatically revoked when: (1) the registration is surrendered for cause; or (2) the Drug Enforcement Administration terminates, denies, or suspends the registration. Makes technical corrections.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Colorectal cancer testing.. Description: Colorectal cancer testing. Amends the law mandating coverage for colorectal cancer testing under accident and sickness insurance policies, health maintenance organization contracts, and state employee health plans to change the minimum age at which coverage must be provided from 50 years of age to 45 years of age. Includes exception for high deductible health plans.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commission for supplier diversity.. Description: Commission for supplier diversity. Changes the name of the governor's commission on minority and women's business enterprises to the governor's commission on supplier diversity (commission). Relocates provisions concerning small businesses owned and operated by Indiana veterans to the commission's statutes. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various higher education matters.. Description: Various higher education matters. Makes changes to the: (1) definition of "eligible secondary school student"; and (2) requirements regarding agreements between the commission for higher education (commission) and eligible employers; for purposes of the employment aid readiness network (EARN) Indiana program. Makes changes to the name of the "return and complete" project. Makes changes to the definitions regarding the project, including repealing definitions regarding the return and complete project. Requires the commission to: (1) collect and maintain certain information regarding the project; and (2) submit a report to the general assembly and governor regarding the information. Provides that money in the graduate medical education fund does not revert to any other fund. (Current law provides that money in the graduate medical education fund does not revert to the state general fund.) Repeals provisions that do the following: (1) Require state educational institutions to report annually to the commission regarding return and complete students. (2) Expire the return and complete project provisions.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Skills enhancement fund grants.. Description: Skills enhancement fund grants. Provides that an increase of wages with a participating employee or group of participating employees negotiated by agreement, regardless of timing, qualifies as an increase of wages for purposes of eligibility for a grant from the skills enhancement fund for a participating employee that is an existing worker.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Assumption of care of cemeteries.. Description: Assumption of care of cemeteries. Provides that a township or a county may assume maintenance of a cemetery for which it would otherwise not be responsible. Requires a property owner that has a cemetery located on the owner's property to make a reasonable effort to maintain the cemetery. Provides that a township or county that assumes responsibility for maintaining a cemetery may seek reimbursement from the property owner for the cost of maintenance. Provides that a property owner commits a Class C infraction if the property owner fails to maintain the cemetery after the township or county provides two written notices.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Education benefits relating to military service.. Description: Education benefits relating to military service. Provides that a student meets the residency requirements for enrollment at a public school if a parent of the student: (1) is transferred to or is pending transfer to a military installation within Indiana while on active duty pursuant to an official military order; and (2) submits to the public school certain information, including official documentation, as determined by the state board of education, regarding the transfer or pending transfer. Provides that the student is considered to have legal settlement in the attendance area of the school corporation in which the parent: (1) has submitted the required application and documentation; and (2) intends to reside. Requires a parent who is transferred to or is pending transfer to a military installation within Indiana to provide proof of residence to the public school not later than 10 instructional days after the arrival date provided on the required documentation. Provides that if the parent of the student fails to provide the proof of residence, the public school may exclude the student from attendance pending an expulsion proceeding. Makes the following changes to provisions concerning resident tuition rate eligibility for active duty armed forces personnel and dependents of active duty armed forces personnel: (1) Defines "dependent". (2) Amends the definition of "qualified course". (3) Provides that spouses of active duty armed forces personnel are eligible for the resident tuition rate. (4) Provides that spouses and dependents of active duty armed forces personnel are eligible, from the date that the state educational institution accepts the spouse or dependent for enrollment, for the resident tuition rate if the spouse or dependent enrolls in the state educational institution within a certain amount of time. (5) Provides that a dependent or spouse of a person who serves on active duty in the armed forces is eligible for the resident tuition rate for the duration of the spouse's or dependent's continuous enrollment at a state educational institution regardless of whether the person serving on active duty continues, after the spouse or dependent is accepted for enrollment in the state educational institution, to satisfy certain resident rate tuition eligibility criteria.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: State Medicaid plan amendments.. Description: State Medicaid plan amendments. Requires, by July 1, 2020, the office of the secretary of family and social services to amend the state Medicaid plan to include certain reimbursements and implementation of supervision by specified providers of patient's plan of treatment for outpatient mental health or substance abuse treatment services.  Requires an insurer that issues a policy of accident and sickness insurance or a health maintenance organization contract that provides coverage of services for treatment of a mental illness or substance abuse to annually submit a report and analysis to the department of insurance (department) that includes certain information demonstrating its compliance with federal laws regarding parity in coverage of services for treatment of a mental illness or substance abuse and coverage of services for treatment of other medical or surgical conditions, including the processes used: (1) to develop medical necessity criteria for coverage of services; and (2) to develop and apply nonquantitative treatment limitations. Extends a prohibition concerning risk based managed care programs and capitated managed care programs from June 30, 2020, to June 30, 2021.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Electronic document filing.. Description: Electronic document filing. Provides that an executive branch state agency may allow a person to electronically file or submit a document to the state agency as an option in addition to any other means of filing or submitting a document that is required or allowed by statute or rule. Provides that methods to collect electronic filings or submissions must be approved by the office of technology.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Substance use prevention and recovery.. Description: Substance use prevention and recovery. Requires the executive director of the Indiana criminal justice institute to work with local coordinating councils and other stakeholders when implementing certain recommendations concerning substance use and substance use disorder. Includes public safety programs in the statutory definition of "criminal justice services and activities". Specifies that local coordinating councils responsible for the combating of drug and substance use are: (1) collaborative; and (2) open to the public. Permits county drug free community funds to supplement local government spending on: (1) drug use recovery programs; (2) drug use intervention programs; and (3) drug use prevention programs. Defines certain terms.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Contracts for emergency road repairs.. Description: Contracts for emergency road repairs. Authorizes the Indiana department of transportation (INDOT) commissioner to declare an emergency when a part of the state highway system has been damaged to the extent it is unusable by the traveling public or unsafe to use. (Under current law, the governor must declare such an emergency. Current law permits INDOT to award a contract for repairs by soliciting bids from at least three prequalified persons without use of the formal bidding process.) Repeals a provision that permits a contract to be awarded under such circumstances only if three bids are received and the lowest bid does not exceed the engineer's estimate to repair by more than 10%.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Technical corrections.. Description: Technical corrections. Resolves technical conflicts and addresses technical errors in the Indiana Code. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the code revision commission.)
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Local government finance.. Description: Local government finance. Changes the deadline for reporting bonds issued or leases executed after September 30. Requires budget committee review of an agreement: (1) in which the Indiana finance authority or the state is a party; and (2) that would increase revenue as a result of a sale or lease of a state asset, or a grant of a license to operate a state asset, if the increase in revenue as a result is at least $100,000,000. Changes the defined term "assessed value growth quotient" to the term "maximum levy growth quotient" without changing the definition. Allows the department of local government finance (department) to amend certain rules to conform with statutory changes. Requires counties to provide data related to property taxation to the department. (Current law requires counties to provide the data to the department and the legislative services agency.) Amends and adds provisions regarding the assessment of a golf course. Eliminates unnecessary information from the sales disclosure form. Changes the term "industrial facility" in the statutes concerned with the assessment of industrial facilities. Prohibits township assessors and vendors who contract with county assessors or townships from assessing industrial facilities in Lake County. Provides that, for purposes of determining the assessed value of real property for an individual who has received an over 65 deduction, a disabled veteran deduction, or an over 65 circuit breaker credit, subsequent increases in assessed value are not considered unless the increase is attributable to physical improvements to the property. Provides that a taxpayer may appeal a change in the assessed value of personal property made by a township assessor or county assessor by filing a written notice of review with the county property tax assessment board of appeals (PTABOA). Provides that a taxpayer may appeal a change in the assessed value of personal property made by a PTABOA by filing a written notice of review with the Indiana board of tax review. Removes existing language that provides that, if a PTABOA fails to change an assessed value claimed by a taxpayer on a personal property return and give notice of the change within the time prescribed, the assessor may file a petition for review of the assessment by the Indiana board. Changes the debt service obligation reporting date. Provides that a political subdivision shall submit the date, time, and place of the final adoption of the budget, tax rate, and levy through the department's computer gateway. Requires a political subdivision to indicate on its budget ordinance whether the political subdivision intends to issue debt after December 1 or file a shortfall appeal. Requires a political subdivision that makes an additional unbudgeted appropriation to submit the additional appropriation to the department within 15 days after the additional appropriation is adopted. Provides procedures for increases for the maximum permissible ad valorem property tax levies for Sullivan County, the city of Wabash, and the Wabash city school corporation. Specifies that the county treasurer's property tax comparison statement, issued annually, must include: (1) information stating how a taxpayer can obtain information regarding the taxpayer's notice of assessment or reassessment; and (2) a remittance coupon indicating payment amount due at each payment due date. Eliminates the use of the state address confidentiality form to submit a request to restrict access to a covered person's address maintained in a public property data base. Provides that, if a taxpayer is owed a refund that exceeds $500,000 for excessive property taxes paid on real property, a county auditor may pay the property tax refund in equal installments of property tax credits for at least five and not more than 10 years, depending on the amount owed to the taxpayer. Requires the department to provide certain assessment and tax data to the legislative services agency within one business day of receipt. Eliminates the requirement that a candidate for an assessor-appraiser examination be an Indiana resident. Provides that if an adopting body under the local income tax law wishes to submit a proposed notice, ordinance, or resolution to the department for preliminary review, the adopting body shall submit the notice, ordinance, or resolution on the prescribed forms. Modifies the standard formula for the calculation of certified shares of local income tax revenue in Hamilton County after 2020 and before 2024 to calculate adjusted amounts of certified shares for the city of Carmel and the city of Fishers. Eliminates the requirement in the context of teacher collective bargaining for the department to certify the amount of an operating referendum tax levy or a school safety referendum tax levy. Provides an exception to the maximum term or repayment period for bonds issued by a school corporation for a school building construction project if a loan is made or guaranteed by a federal agency. Changes from $1.50 to $3 the amount of the fee that a lessor in a rental purchase agreement may impose for accepting rental payments by telephone. Transfers responsibility for reporting by political subdivisions of other post-employment benefits from the department to the state board of accounts. Provides that money in the fund of a flood control improvement district established after December 31, 2019, may be used for a flood control works project in a location outside the boundaries of the district. Expires this provision on March 1, 2022. Allows a unit of local government to establish a public safety officer survivors' health coverage cumulative fund to discharge its obligation to pay for health coverage for the survivors of a member of the 1977 police officers' and firefighters' pension and disability fund who was employed by the unit and died in the line of duty. Aligns the deadline for public libraries to adopt a budget with the general deadline to adopt a budget. Removes a provision in current law requiring the state board of accounts to approve the form of a record for stating certain unpaid costs on unsafe premises. Removes a provision in current law requiring a township to treat a transfer of money as part of the township's ad valorem property tax levy for the year. Provides that, if a township board member (in a county other than Marion County) is a member of the immediate family of the township trustee, the township board member may not participate in a vote on the adoption of the township's budget and tax levies; and if a majority of the members of the township board are so precluded from voting on the township's budget and tax levies, then the township's most recent annual appropriations are continued for the ensuing budget year. Provides that a person that has certain business relationships with another person that owes delinquent taxes, special assessments, penalties, interest, or costs attributable to a prior tax sale is prohibited from bidding on or purchasing real property at a tax sale or from bidding on, purchasing, receiving, or leasing a tract under the law governing the disposal of property by local governments. Requires the county treasurer to require each person bidding at a tax sale to sign a form affirming that the person is not bidding on or purchasing tracts or items of real property on behalf of or as an agent for a person who is prohibited from purchasing at a tax sale. Allows certain nonprofit entities that failed to comply with the exemption filing deadlines to claim the property tax exemptions that the nonprofit entities were otherwise eligible to claim. Rephrases and reorganizes various provisions. Makes technical changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Low head dams.. Description: Low head dams. Requires the natural resources commission to establish a roster of low head dams in the state that are capable of creating hazardous currents that pose safety issues. Establishes requirements concerning low head dams for the department of natural resources (department) and owners of low head dams. Provides that an owner of at least two low head dams is exempt from certain requirements if that owner has previously installed warning signs, in coordination with the department, and maintains and repairs the existing signs.  Except for purposes of an inspection, maintenance, or removal, prohibits a person from accessing a low head dam. Prohibits wading, boating, swimming, or accessing the waters within 50 feet of a low head dam when warning signs are present. Provides that the state is not liable for any death or injury that occurs on or resulting from a low head dam that is not owned by the state. Provides for a penalty for violations. Requires the department to prepare a report that includes recommendations concerning the creation of a low head dam removal program and any recommendations concerning low head dam safety legislation.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Housing and community development authority.. Description: Housing and community development authority. Repeals the laws governing the microenterprise partnership program fund and microenterprise partnership program. Requires the governing body of an eligible entity to notify the Indiana housing and community development authority of the creation of an affordable housing fund. Replaces the member of the low income housing trust fund advisory committee appointed by and representing the Indianapolis Coalition for Neighborhood Development with one member appointed by and representing the Indiana housing and community development authority.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Infant screening.. Description: Infant screening. Requires every infant to be screened for Adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) at the earliest feasible time. Requires the infant pulse oximetry screening examination to be given according to rules adopted by the state department of health.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: State board of accounts.. Description: State board of accounts. Makes various changes to statutes concerning the state board of accounts (board). Adds a definition of a "responsible officer of an audited entity". Allows the audit committee to determine the amount of the bond for the state examiner, deputy examiners, and field examiners based on applicable risk considerations. Repeals a statute that addresses duties required by law on April 5, 1909. Provides that, for purposes of the risk based examination criteria, the board may perform examinations of certain audited entities more frequently than once every four years if required by a ratings agency that rates debt maintained by such an audited entity. Provides that the board may issue management letters based on professional auditing standards to certain audited entities. Provides that the state examiner, deputy examiner, or field examiner may issue subpoenas to enforce the filing of certain reports. Establishes a procedure governing the examination of certain bodies corporate and politic. Provides that the procedure applies only to a body corporate and politic whose enabling statute does not provide for an audit, examination, or other engagement by the state board of accounts or an independent public accounting firm concerning financial or compliance related matters of the body corporate and politic. Makes changes to statutes establishing the forfeiture of office for the failure to file certain reports, interference with an examiner, and the failure to adopt or use the system of accounting and reporting adopted by the board. Provides that, as an alternative to an order to forfeit office, a court may impose a civil penalty that does not exceed $500 for each day that the public officer or responsible officer continues to violate an obligation with respect to an audit, examination, or other engagement by the board. Specifies that the individual is personally liable for a civil penalty imposed on the individual for such a violation. Provides that the board may collect the expenses from the audited entity that the board incurs in carrying out the audit, examination, or other engagement.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Telephone solicitation and consumer credit.. Description: Telephone solicitation and consumer credit. Amends the law requiring telemarketers to register with the office of the attorney general (registration law) as follows: (1) Provides that a seller is not subject to the registration law solely because the seller makes or will make a solicitation in a telephone call that is exempt from the Do Not Call statute. (2) Restores conditions removed by P.L.242-2019 that limit application of the registration law to sellers that make certain types of solicitations. (3) Provides that a solicitation occurs for purposes of the registration law only in a telephone call made by a seller. (4) Removes the requirement that a seller must provide in the seller's registration statement information as to whether the seller (or any officer, director, trustee, general partner, manager, principal, executive, or representative of the seller) has been: (A) held liable in certain civil actions; (B) convicted of certain crimes during the most recent seven years; or (C) declared bankrupt during the most recent seven years. Repeals from the statute governing consumer sales the chapter that sets forth certain requirements for a consumer reporting agency that uses a Social Security number as a factor in determining whether a file maintained by the consumer reporting agency matches the identity of an individual who is the subject of a credit inquiry.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Unemployment.. Description: Unemployment. Provides a new schedule of rates for calendar years after December 31, 2020. Specifies that Schedule C applies for calendar years 2021 through 2025. Provides new contribution rates for calendar years after 2020.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Utility matters.. Description: Utility matters. Makes the following changes for purposes of a statute that subjects a water or wastewater utility organized after June 30, 2018, to the jurisdiction of the Indiana utility regulatory commission (IURC) with regard to certain aspects of the water or wastewater utility's operations for a period of 10 years: (1) Provides that the term "water or wastewater utility" includes a municipally owned utility that provides water service to less than 8,000 customers. (2) Deletes references to organization of a water or wastewater utility as a legal entity. Requires the IURC, in a rate case for a water or wastewater utility that extends service to an infrastructure development zone at the request of the governmental entity that established the infrastructure development zone, to approve inclusion in the water or wastewater utility's rate schedule of a surcharge payable only within the geographic area of the infrastructure development zone. (Under current law, such a surcharge must apply within the entire jurisdiction of the governmental entity.) Provides that, with respect to any water main extension or wastewater main extension, a utility shall comply with the IURC's rules governing water main extensions or wastewater main extensions, regardless of whether the utility is subject to the IURC's jurisdiction for the approval of rates and charges. Provides that a dispute arising over a water main extension or wastewater main extension may be submitted as an informal complaint to the IURC's consumer affairs division, regardless of whether the person requesting the extension is a customer of the utility involved. Provides that, if the IURC determines that it requires additional staff to handle the volume of informal complaints submitted, the IURC may impose a fee on a party against whom a decision is rendered. Provides that the fee may not exceed: (1) the IURC's actual costs in administering the informal complaint; or (2) $750. Provides that certain procedures for acquisition by a municipal utility of property of another utility apply to acquisition by a nonmunicipal utility of property of another utility, and prescribes requirements regarding appraisal of the value of utility property acquired by a nonmunicipal utility. Provides, for purposes of the factors the IURC must consider in determining whether a utility that acquires property of an offered utility may include the cost differential of the offered utility's property as part of the acquiring utility's rate base, that an offered utility is too small to capture economies of scale or is not furnishing or maintaining adequate, efficient, safe, and reasonable service and facilities if the IURC finds that the offered utility serves fewer than 8,000 customers (rather than 5,000 customers under current law). Provides: (1) that a city meeting certain population parameters may annex territory: (A) that is not contiguous to the city; (B) that is south of the southernmost boundary of the city; (C) the entire area of which is not more than four miles from the city's boundary; and (D) that does not extend more than one mile to the east of a state highway; (2) that the annexed territory is not considered a part of the city for purposes of annexation of additional territory; and (3) that the city may not require connection to a sewer installed to provide service to the annexed territory. Provides that certain provisions regarding approval of sewage disposal and treatment fees apply to a sanitation district that: (1) is located in a county that meets specified population parameters; and (2) is under an order or party to an agreement with one or more state or federal agencies to remediate environmental conditions.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Physician noncompete agreements.. Description: Physician noncompete agreements. Requires an enforceable physician noncompete agreement to contain the following provisions: (1) A provision that requires the employer of the physician to provide the physician with a copy of any notice: (A) concerning the physician's departure; and (B) sent to any patient seen or treated by the departing physician during the two year period preceding the termination of the physician's employment or expiration of the departing physician's contract, as applicable. (2) A provision that requires the physician's employer to, in good faith, provide current or last known contact and location information to a patient seen or treated by the physician during the two year period preceding the termination of the physician's employment or expiration of the physician's contract. (3) A provision that provides the physician whose employment has terminated or whose contract has expired with the option to purchase a complete and final release from the terms of an enforceable noncompete agreement at a reasonable price. (4) A provision that prohibits medical records from being provided to the physician in a format that differs from the format used to create or store the medical record during the routine and ordinary course of business. Allows the person or entity responsible for copying or transferring a medical record to charge a reasonable fee for the service.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Regulation of pesticide use and application.. Description: Regulation of pesticide use and application. Makes changes to the statute governing the state chemist's authority to impose civil penalties for purposes of the law concerning pesticides, pesticide use, and pesticide application. Provides that the changes to the state chemist's imposition of civil penalties do not apply to the imposition of a civil penalty pursuant to a proceeding of the state chemist initiated before July 1, 2020.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Community corrections and credit time.. Description: Community corrections and credit time. Amends guidelines related to educational credit time for a person incarcerated in the department of correction. Provides that, before May 1, 2023, the department of correction shall submit a report to the legislative council concerning the implementation of the individualized case management plan. Permits a prosecuting attorney to file for revocation of a community corrections placement. Provides that credit time earned by a person on pretrial home detention does not include accrued time.
In 2020, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Criminal and juvenile law matters.. Description: Criminal and juvenile law matters. Provides that the alteration or obliteration of certain markings on a firearm is a Level 5 felony. Provides that the possession of a firearm with altered or obliterated markings is a Level 5 felony. Requires a defendant to serve the sum of all executed time imposed under consecutive sentences before serving any suspended part imposed under consecutive sentences. Prohibits a person who has, after June 30, 2020, been adjudicated a delinquent child for committing an act while armed with a firearm that would be a serious violent felony if committed by an adult (serious delinquent) from possessing a firearm unless the person is at least: (1) 26 years of age, in the case of less serious acts; or (2) 28 years of age, in the case of more serious acts. Makes possession of a firearm by a serious delinquent a Level 6 felony, and increases the penalty to a Level 5 felony for a second or subsequent offense. Requires a juvenile court to transmit certain findings to the office of judicial administration for transmission to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) upon a finding of delinquency for an act that would be a serious violent felony if committed by an adult. Allows a court to consider the certain factors when evaluating a petition to expunge certain juvenile adjudications. Beginning January 1, 2021: (1) requires the office of judicial administration to collect and publish certain statistics related to the confiscation and retention of firearms; and (2) requires a court to provide certain information to the office of judicial administration after issuing a finding concerning a person's dangerousness. Provides that a person who knowingly makes a false report that another person is dangerous commits false informing, a Class B misdemeanor. Makes a technical correction and conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Device implantation as a condition of employment.. Description: Device implantation as a condition of employment. Prohibits an employer from requiring a candidate for employment or an employee to have a device implanted or otherwise incorporated into the candidate's or employee's body as a condition of employment, as a condition of employment in a particular position, or as a condition of receiving additional compensation or benefits.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Gibson and Hamilton County courts.. Description: Gibson and Hamilton County courts. Allows the judges of the Gibson superior court and Gibson circuit court to appoint a magistrate. Allows the appointed magistrate for Gibson County to serve both the Gibson superior court and the Gibson circuit court. Allows the judges of the Hamilton circuit and superior courts to jointly appoint an additional magistrate to serve the Hamilton County courts.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Municipal elections.. Description: Municipal elections. Authorizes the legislative body of a town or of a city (if the city has a population of less than 3,500) to adopt an ordinance to move the election of all elected offices of the municipality to even-numbered years.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Board of accountancy.. Description: Board of accountancy. Provides that a candidate for the certified public accountant examination (exam) may not apply for or take the exam prior to meeting certain education requirements. Provides an exception to the application restriction if a candidate applies up to 60 days prior to the candidate's completion of the education requirements. Provides the Indiana board of accountancy (board) may cancel an exam score if a candidate fails to meet certain requirements. Provides that a candidate must attain a grade of at least 75 on the exam. Provides that a candidate may take the required exam sections individually and in any order and that credit for a passed section shall be valid for 18 months. Provides that a candidate must pass all exam sections within a rolling 18 month period and if a candidate does not do so, credit for any section passed outside of the rolling 18 month period expires and the exam section must be retaken. Provides that a candidate shall retain credit for exam sections passed as a candidate of another state if applicable. Provides that a candidate is considered to have passed the exam once the candidate simultaneously holds credit for each passed section. Provides that the board may extend a term of credit validity under certain circumstances. Provides that the board shall notify eligible candidates of the time, place, and procedures for the exam, or that a candidate shall independently contact the board, the board's designee, or a test center operator to schedule the time, place, and procedures for the exam at an approved site. Provides that these requirements expire on July 1, 2021. Requires the agency to adopt rules to implement the provisions in the bill. Voids certain sections of the Indiana Administrative Code.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: School resource officers.. Description: School resource officers. Adds a school resource officer to the definition of "public safety officer" as it relates to the public employee benefits special death benefit fund (fund). Provides that a school resource officer qualifies for the fund if the school resource officer is not otherwise entitled to a line of duty benefit under the 1925 police pension fund, 1953 police pension fund (Indianapolis), or the 1977 police officers' and firefighters' pension and disability fund.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Governor's workforce cabinet.. Description: Governor's workforce cabinet. Provides that the governor's workforce cabinet (cabinet) shall, on or before December 1, 2020, create a comprehensive strategic plan to ensure alignment of Indiana's primary, secondary, and postsecondary education systems with Indiana's workforce training programs and employer needs. Requires the cabinet to include early childhood education in the cabinet's: (1) systematic and comprehensive review to determine whether Indiana's educational system is aligned with employer needs; and (2) comprehensive strategic plan to ensure alignment of Indiana's educational system with employer needs.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Motor vehicle and criminal law issues.. Description: Motor vehicle and criminal law issues. Increases the penalty for numerous motor vehicle violations from a Class C infraction to a Class A infraction if the violation results in bodily injury. Requires the bureau of motor vehicles to remove any record of a suspension from a defendant charged with operating while intoxicated if the case ends in favor of the defendant and the defendant's driving privileges were suspended because: (1) the defendant refused a chemical test; or (2) the results of a chemical test resulted in prima facie evidence of intoxication. Provides that a court and the bureau, if applicable, shall terminate all or any part of the remaining suspension of a person's license suspension if: (1) the charges against the person are dismissed; (2) the person is acquitted; or (3) the person's conviction is vacated or reversed on appeal. Provides that a court shall terminate a suspension imposed for refusal to submit to a chemical test if: (1) the court accepts a plea agreement between the state and the defendant that includes this provision; or (2) the court finds at sentencing that terminating the remaining suspension is in the best interests of society. Adds cross references concerning license suspensions and ignition interlock devices. Makes an individual less than 18 years of age eligible for a deferral program. (Under current law, individuals under 18 years of age are not eligible for deferral.) Repeals certain driving privilege suspensions when a motor vehicle is used in dealing certain controlled substances. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Municipally owned utilities.. Description: Municipally owned utilities. Specifies that the statute concerning the payment for utility services (other than sewer services) provided by a municipally owned utility to rental property does not allow a municipal legislative body to impose a requirement that the owner of the property must: (1) ensure the creditworthiness of the person occupying the property; or (2) accept responsibility for charges incurred by the person occupying the property; by cosigning an agreement or by any other method.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: State commission and board meetings.. Description: State commission and board meetings. Provides that in order for the commission on Hispanic/Latino affairs to take action at a meeting, at least: (1) 11 members must be present; and (2) a majority of the members present at the meeting (instead a majority of members appointed to the commission) must vote in favor of the action.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Indiana department of veterans' affairs.. Description: Indiana department of veterans' affairs. Requires the director of veterans' affairs to be a resident of Indiana for at least two cumulative years prior to being appointed. Requires certain veterans' affairs service officers (officers) to be a resident of Indiana or to become a resident of Indiana not more than six months after the officer's start date and to: (1) be an honorably discharged veteran with at least six months of active service in the armed forces of the United States; or (2) be a service officer assistant (assistant) with at least two years of experience. Requires an assistant to be a resident of Indiana or become a resident of Indiana not later than six months after the assistant's start date and to: (1) satisfy certain officer eligibility requirements; or (2) be the spouse, surviving spouse, parent, or child of an officer that satisfies certain eligibility requirements. Allows county recorders to keep an electronic record of discharges. Requires the department of veterans' affairs (department) to develop a process concerning the release of discharge records by county recorders. Provides the department with rulemaking authority, including emergency rulemaking authority, for the purpose of developing and implementing a discharge record process. Revises certain program eligibility provisions to reference participants more precisely. Repeals statutes related to unused programs. Makes technical changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Youth helmet safety.. Description: Youth helmet safety. Provides that: (1) the executive director of the department of homeland security with assistance from the state emergency medical services medical director; and (2) the state fire marshal; shall partner with state agencies, including the state department of health and state educational institutions, to develop public safety education and outreach programs. Provides that the fire prevention and public safety fund may be used to support: (1) fire safety and prevention programs; and (2) public safety education and outreach programs, including, but not limited to, youth helmet safety.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: First steps program.. Description: First steps program. Provides that: (1) a health benefits plan; or (2) an employee health plan; may not require authorization for services specified in a covered individual's individualized family service plan once the individualized family service plan is signed by a physician. Adds habilitative services to the services that are required under the definition of "early intervention services" for purposes of the First Steps program. Provides that a member of the interagency coordinating council (council) shall continue to serve until a successor is appointed. Removes the authority of the governor to designate the chairperson of the council or to call a meeting of the council. Requires the council to annually elect a chairperson and vice chairperson. Provides that, except for members of the general assembly, per diem and travel expenses for council members are governed by the policies and procedures established by the Indiana department of administration and approved by the budget agency. Establishes procedures that the division must follow before making a change to the cost participation schedule under the First Steps program. Establishes a method to determine the rate at which: (1) a provider of the services under the First Steps program; or (2) the division; is reimbursed for providing early intervention services using Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) code rates. Provides that: (1) a health plan information card issued: (A) to an insured by an insurer for a policy of accident and sickness insurance; or (B) to an enrollee by a health maintenance organization (HMO); must indicate the type of health plan that is providing the health benefits and services under the insurance policy or HMO contract; and (2) these requirements apply only to a health plan information card issued: (A) initially to a new insured or new enrollee; or (B) to an insured or enrollee at the time of the insured's or enrollee's policy or contract renewal; after July 1, 2020. Provides that: (1) the electronic database by which an issuer of a policy of accident and sickness insurance, or an administrator of a self insured plan, allows an insured or a provider to verify the coverage or benefits of an insured must indicate: (A) whether health benefits and services under the policy of accident and sickness insurance are provided by the issuer of the policy or by a third party administrator; and (B) whether the policy of accident and sickness insurance is subject to state or federal regulation; and (2) the electronic database by which by which an HMO, or an administrator of benefits and health care services under an HMO contract, allows an enrollee or a provider to verify the coverage or benefits of an enrollee must indicate: (A) whether benefits and health care services under the HMO contract are provided by the HMO or by a third party administrator; and (B) whether the HMO contract is a self funded or fully funded plan. Requires the department of insurance to adopt rules to ensure compliance with certain provisions added by the bill.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Gift certificates and store gift cards.. Description: Gift certificates and store gift cards. Provides that, after June 30, 2020, a person shall not sell or issue to an Indiana consumer any gift certificate or store gift card with an expiration date unless certain conditions are met. Provides that, with respect to a gift certificate or a store gift card that is sold or issued to an Indiana consumer after June 30, 2020, if at any time after the gift certificate or store gift card is issued or sold: (1) the merchant for which the gift certificate or store gift card was originally sold or issued: (A) for any reason ceases to do business in Indiana; or (B) for any reason: (i) substantially changes; or (ii) ceases to offer; the types of goods or services that were offered to consumers at the time the gift certificate or store gift card was originally sold or issued; and (2) any expiration date: (A) authorized under the bill's provisions; and (B) applicable to the gift certificate or store gift card (or to the underlying funds associated with either) has not elapsed; the merchant for which the gift certificate or store gift card was originally sold or issued shall, upon the request of an Indiana consumer who is the rightful holder of the gift certificate or store gift card, promptly refund to the holder the balance of the underlying funds or provide the holder with the remaining balance in some other manner. Provides that a person that violates the bill's provisions: (1) commits a deceptive act that is actionable by an aggrieved consumer and the attorney general under the deceptive consumer sales act; and (2) is subject to the penalties and remedies set forth in the deceptive consumer sales act. Authorizes the attorney general to adopt rules to implement these provisions.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: HIV, fatality reviews, and syringe exchange programs.. Description: HIV, fatality reviews, and syringe exchange programs. Removes acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) from the statutory definition of "exposure risk disease". Replaces the term "AIDS" with the term "human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)" where appropriate. Replaces the term "carrier" with the term "individual with a communicable disease" where appropriate. Replaces the term "danger" with the term "risk" where appropriate. Replaces the term "spread" with the term "transmission" where appropriate. Replaces the term "HIV antibody" with "human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)" where appropriate. Requires the state department of health (department) to specify, in any literature provided to children and young adults concerning HIV, that abstinence is the best way to prevent the transmission of HIV as a result of sexual activity.  Provides that a physician or the authorized representative of a physician may not order an HIV test unless the physician or the authorized representative of a physician: (1) informs the patient of the test orally or in writing; (2) provides the patient with an explanation of the test orally, in writing, by video, or by a combination of these methods; and (3) informs the patient orally or in writing of the patient's right to ask questions and to refuse the test. Requires the information to be communicated to the patient in a language or manner that the patient understands. Requires a physician or an authorized representative of the physician to inform a patient of the counseling services and treatment options available to the patient if an HIV test indicates that the patient is HIV positive. Requires a patient to be notified of their right to a: (1) hearing; and (2) counsel; in certain situations involving a court ordered HIV test. Specifies that the use of antiretroviral drugs and other medical interventions may lessen the likelihood of transmitting HIV to a child during childbirth. (Current law states that birth by caesarean section may lessen the likelihood of transmitting HIV to a child during childbirth). Provides that the requirement to dispose of semen that contains the HIV antibody does not apply if the semen is used according to safer conception practices endorsed by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention or other generally accepted medical experts. Revises the definition of "health care provider". Provides that a patient is considered to have consented to: (1) testing for the presence of a dangerous communicable disease of a type that has been epidemiologically demonstrated to be transmittable by an exposure of the kind experienced by the affected health care provider; and (2) the release of testing results to a medical director or an affected physician in the event of an exposure; if the patient is unable to consent to testing or the release of test results due to physical or mental incapacity. Allows a health care provider or a health care provider's employer to petition a court for an order requiring a patient to provide a blood or bodily fluid specimen in certain instances. Allows a health care provider, a health care provider's employer, or the state department of health to request certain test results when a patient is a witness, bystander, or victim of alleged criminal activity in certain instances. Provides that a health care provider may request a notification concerning exposure to certain communicable diseases in certain instances. Allows a health care provider to designate a physician to receive certain test results following a possible exposure to certain communicable diseases. Requires a health care provider to be notified of an exposure to certain communicable diseases not later than 48 hours after certain notifications have been issued. Requires a health care provider to be provided with: (1) medically necessary treatment; and (2) counseling; following an exposure to certain communicable diseases. Requires a suicide and overdose fatality review team (SOFR team) to review certain suicide and overdose fatalities. Allows a SOFR team to make recommendations concerning the prevention of suicide and overdose fatalities. Specifies membership, record keeping, and data entry requirements for SOFR teams. Renumbers the article concerning suicide and overdose fatality teams for purposes of conflict resolution. Requires a syringe exchange program to: (1) provide testing for communicable diseases and provide services or a referral for services if the individual tests positive; and (2) establish a referral process for program participants in need of information or education concerning communicable diseases or health care. Requires the state department of health to include certain information concerning syringe exchange programs in the report to the general assembly before November 1, 2020. Extends the expiration date for certain syringe exchange programs from July 1, 2021, to July 1, 2022. Defines certain terms. Makes conforming amendments and technical corrections.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Use of firefighting foam containing PFAS.. Description: Use of firefighting foam containing PFAS. Prohibits the use of Class B firefighting foam containing an intentionally added PFAS chemical: (1) for training purposes; and (2) for testing purposes, unless the testing facility has implemented appropriate measures to prevent releases of the firefighting foam to the environment.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Land contracts.. Description: Land contracts. Defines "principal dwelling land contract" (contract) as a land contract for the sale of real property: (1) designed for the occupancy of one to two families; and (2) that is or will be occupied by the buyer as the buyer's principal dwelling. Provides that the seller under a contract must provide the buyer with certain disclosures at least 10 days before the contract is executed. Sets forth disclosures that must be included in a contract. Provides a three day cancellation period for the buyer. Specifies certain recording provisions for principal dwelling land contracts. Provides that a violation of disclosure provisions constitutes a deceptive act under the deceptive consumer sales act.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Public safety matters.. Description: Public safety matters. Designates an Indiana first responder to include the following employees and volunteers of state and local public safety agencies: (1) Law enforcement officers. (2) Firefighters, including volunteer firefighters. (3) Corrections officers. (4) Public safety telecommunicators. (5) Providers of emergency medical services. (6) Providers of emergency management services. (7) Any other individuals whose duties in serving a public safety agency include rapid emergency response. Provides that the designation of an individual as an Indiana first responder does not affect an individual's terms of employment or volunteer service with the public safety agency. Provides that a certified emergency medical technician or a licensed paramedic is not liable for transporting any person to an appropriate health care facility when the emergency medical technician or the licensed paramedic makes a good faith judgment that the emergency patient or the emergency patient's primary caregiver lacks the capacity to make an informed decision about the patient's: (1) safety; or (2) need for medical attention; and the emergency patient is reasonably likely to suffer disability or death without the medical intervention available at the facility.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Palliative care.. Description: Palliative care. Defines the terms "community based palliative care" and "palliative care". Provides that a hospice provider may provide community based palliative care to a patient who is not eligible for hospice care if the hospice provider: (1) meets certain licensing requirements; and (2) is certified in community based palliative care by an organization approved the state department of health.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Education matters.. Description: Education matters. Requires that the February count of a school corporation's average daily membership (ADM) must be increased by the number of students who, during the students' expected graduation year: (1) were enrolled in the school corporation on the September ADM count day; (2) completed graduation requirements before the February ADM count day; and (3) were not enrolled in the school corporation on the February ADM count day. Removes the cap on the amount of career and technical education enrollment grants that may be distributed per state fiscal year. Requires, not later than November 1, 2020, the department of education (department) to establish standards concerning the following: (1) The minimum amount of time that a student of a virtual charter school must participate in educational activities provided by the virtual charter school each semester of the school year. (2) Requirements that a student of a virtual charter school participate in the statewide assessment or an alternate assessment, as applicable. Provides that, if a student of a virtual charter school fails, in a semester, to meet the standards, the student must be withdrawn from enrollment in the virtual charter school and may not reenroll or enroll in another virtual charter school. Requires, beginning January 1, 2021, the department to reduce state tuition support distribution to a virtual charter school if students of the virtual charter school fail to meet the standards.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Pharmacy matters.. Description: Pharmacy matters. Provides that a state employee plan, a health maintenance organization, an insurer, or a pharmacy benefits manager (health plan provider) may not require a pharmacy or pharmacist to collect a higher copayment for a prescription drug from a covered individual than the health plan provider allows the pharmacy or pharmacist to retain. Allows a pharmacist who meets certain requirements to dispense auto-injectable epinephrine by standing order to a person who: (1) has completed a course on auto-injectable epinephrine; and (2) is an individual in a position to assist an individual who is at risk of experiencing anaphylaxis. Allows a person to administer auto-injectable epinephrine to an individual who is experiencing anaphylaxis if certain conditions are met. Requires the state department of health (state department) to issue a statewide standing order authorizing the dispensing of auto-injectable epinephrine. Authorizes the state health commissioner to issue a statewide standing order authorizing the dispensing of auto-injectable epinephrine. Extends certain immunities to the state department, the state health commissioner, and certain designated public health authorities. Requires the state department to approve courses concerning the administration of auto-injectable epinephrine. Requires a person to have successfully completed the course to be immune from civil liability. Adds exceptions to the requirement that controlled substance prescriptions be in an electronic format. Provides that the board of pharmacy, in consultation with the medical licensing board, may adopt emergency rules. Adds advanced practice registered nurses and physician assistants to the list of out-of-state providers whose prescriptions a pharmacist has a duty to honor. Allows a prescription for a patient to be transferred electronically or by facsimile by a pharmacy to another pharmacy if the pharmacies do not share a common data base. Allows a licensed pharmacy technician to transfer the prescription. Allows a pharmacist to substitute a therapeutic alternative for epinephrine products for a patient and to prescribe sterile water for injection with a prescription drug. Allows a pharmacy technician to administer an influenza immunization to an individual under a drug order or prescription, subject to rules adopted by the board of pharmacy. Provides that aggregated information compiled from annual reports of pharmacy benefit managers to the insurance commissioner is not confidential except for information that would reveal a specific pharmacy benefit manager's proprietary information. Requires: (1) a state employee health plan; and (2) an insurer-provided health plan that complies with the federal Affordable Care Act; to establish a procedure under which the amount paid by a covered individual for a covered prescription drug purchased outside of the health plan will offset the covered individual's deductible. Requires an insurer, when removing a prescription drug from the insurer's formulary or changing the cost sharing requirements applying to the prescription drug, to give an insured for whom the drug has been prescribed 60 days notice of the insurer's action and provide an appeal process through which the insured may request an extension of coverage for the drug through the end of the insured's plan year.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Reimbursement for emergency medical services.. Description: Reimbursement for emergency medical services. Requires the state employee health plan, Medicaid, policies of accident and sickness insurance, and health maintenance organization contracts that provide coverage for emergency medical services to reimburse for emergency medical services that are: (1) rendered by an emergency medical services provider organization; (2) within the emergency medical services provider organization's scope of practice; (3) performed or provided as advanced life support services; and (4) performed or provided during a response initiated through the 911 system.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various health matters.. Description: Various health matters. Establishes penalties for intentionally interfering with an investigation and enforcement of a home health agency by the state department of health (department). Allows the department to use the immunization data registry to store and release nonimmunization personal health information. States that a responsible member of a family may release a deceased patient's medical records if the deceased patient does not have a surviving spouse or child or a personal representative of the estate. Allows mental health records to be disclosed without the consent of the patient for research purposes by rules of the Indiana archives and records administration and the oversight committee on public records. Allows health records to be disclosed by the Indiana archives and records administration to another provider or nonprofit research organization (current law is a nonprofit medical research organization) in connection with a scientific, statistical, or education project. Changes the title of a "certified food handler" to "certified food protection manager" (CFPM). Repeals the definition of "food handler". Requires a CFPM to provide certain documents to the food establishment and obtain a valid certificate every five years. Prohibits using the title "certified food protection manager" unless the person holds a certificate. Provides that a CFPM may be required to be present during all hours of operation if the department and food establishment agreed upon a variance concerning the requirements for the operation of the food establishment. Amends the establishments that are exempt from the certified food protection manager requirements. Establishes new penalties. Provides for the transition of an existing certified food handler to a certified food protection manager. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Locating underground utility infrastructure.. Description: Locating underground utility infrastructure. Amends the statute concerning the location of underground utility facilities (state 811 law) to provide that for any new or replacement underground facility that an operator installs or causes to be installed after June 30, 2020, the operator shall ensure that: (1) the materials from which the facility is constructed are capable of being detected from above ground level using standard equipment and technologies used by the utility locating industry; or (2) if the materials from which the facility is constructed are not capable of being detected from above ground level using standard locating techniques, the facility is encased by conductive material or is equipped with an electrically conducting wire or other means of locating the facility while it is underground.
In 2020, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Miscellaneous election law matters.. Description: Miscellaneous election law matters. Allows an individual who is an unopposed candidate for township office to be appointed and serve as a precinct election officer at any vote center if certain conditions are met. Abolishes city and town conventions for nomination of candidates for municipal offices, beginning January 1, 2021. Abolishes town election boards.  Provides that a local public question may not be placed on the ballot in a year after a presidential election year. Provides that a school referendum tax levy or a school safety referendum tax levy may be reimposed or extended in 2021, 2025, or 2027 if the school corporation would have been permitted to reimpose or extend the levy under statutes as in effect before January 1, 2020. Provides that if a precinct is divided to assign some of the territory of the precinct to a municipality because of an annexation, any part of the divided precinct may form a separate precinct that does not comply with the requirement that a precinct may not be established with fewer than 600 active voters. Authorizes a county executive to request from the Indiana election commission a waiver of the requirement that a precinct must have at least 600 active voters. Provides that in order for a precinct committeeman or a precinct vice committeeman (exercising the precinct committeeman's proxy) to participate in a caucus to fill a vacancy, the committeeman or vice committeeman must be entitled to vote for the office for which a successor is to be selected in the caucus.  Provides that an individual who is at least 16 years of age but younger than 18 years of age may perform certain functions relating to absentee voting if the individual satisfies certain criteria. Provides that the adoption, rescission, or amendment of a vote center plan does not require the unanimous vote of the entire membership of the board if: (1) a majority vote of the entire membership of the board votes to adopt, rescind, or amend the vote center plan; and (2) at least two of the members of the board voting to adopt, rescind, or amend the vote center plan are members of different political parties. Establishes a procedure for processing the absentee ballot of a voter who fails to complete the casting of the voter's absentee ballot before an absentee voter board. Establishes a procedure for a member of the state recount commission to appoint a proxy. Establishes an administrative procedure to remove a township board member who is no longer a resident of the township. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Council on impaired and dangerous driving.. Description: Council on impaired and dangerous driving. Removes references to the governor's council on impaired and dangerous driving. Transfers duties of the governor's council on impaired and dangerous driving to the Indiana criminal justice institute.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Munster High School on placing second in the IHSAA doubles final in 2019.. Description: Congratulating Munster High School on placing second in the IHSAA doubles final in 2019.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Public safety.. Description: Public safety. Removes the requirement that school buses have black reflective tape affixed on the bumpers and sides of the bus. Provides that, in certain instances, a person who: (1) fails to yield to an emergency vehicle; and (2) causes serious bodily injury, catastrophic injury, or death to any person operating, occupying, or affiliated with the authorized emergency vehicle; commits a Level 6 felony.  Provides that the offense of resisting law enforcement is a Level 6 felony if, while committing the offense of resisting law enforcement by forcibly resisting, obstructing, or interfering with a law enforcement officer, the person: (1) creates a substantial risk of bodily injury to the person or another person; and (2) has two or more prior unrelated convictions for resisting law enforcement. Provides that the offense of resisting law enforcement is a Level 6 felony if, while committing the offense of resisting law enforcement by fleeing from a law enforcement officer, the person has two or more prior unrelated convictions for resisting law enforcement. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Public safety.. Description: Public safety. Allows a federal enforcement officer with at least five years of service to be appointed as a police chief or deputy police chief in a city. Provides that the statewide 911 board may increase an enhanced prepaid wireless charge one time after April 1, 2020, and before July 1, 2023, in an amount not to exceed $0.10. Revises the definition of "statewide 911 system". Provides that the statewide 911 board may adjust the statewide 911 fee one time after April 1, 2020, and before July 1, 2023, in an amount not to exceed $0.10. Requires 60 days prior notice to the department of state revenue of any rate change to the enhanced prepaid wireless charge or the statewide 911 fee.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring State Representative David Wolkins.. Description: Honoring State Representative David Wolkins.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Genetic counselors.. Description: Genetic counselors. Amends the definition of "genetic counseling" for purposes of the genetic counselor licensing laws. Requires the genetic counselor master's degree training program to be accredited by the Accreditation Council for Genetic Counselors. (Current law requires accreditation by the American Board of Genetic Counseling.) Updates references to the American Board of Medical Genetics and Genomics. Amends requirements for a temporary license. Requires an applicant to complete the continuing education requirements of certain certifying organizations to renew a license. Provides that a genetic counselor may not be required to perform, participate in, or provide a service that violates any sincerely held ethical, moral, or religious belief held by the genetic counselor, and allows for a civil action for damages or reinstatement of employment for a violation. Repeals the law concerning education hardship waiver provision.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Unemployment hearings and appeals.. Description: Unemployment hearings and appeals. Provides that, in unemployment appeals, the proceedings before an administrative law judge are de novo. Provides that an administrative law judge, review board member, or other individual who adjudicates claims can consider as evidence and include in the record those records of the department of workforce development (department) that are material to the issues being considered in the hearing if the records are made available to the interested parties prior to the hearing through (1) the United States mail or (2) the department's electronic portal. Removes the provision that provides that the department shall define the term "effort to secure full-time work". Provides that an individual has made an effort to secure full-time work with respect to any week in which the individual has completed certain activities directed by the department and affirmed that the individual has made an effort to secure full-time work. Requires the department, not later than December 31, 2021, to adopt rules to define (1) the acceptable types of work search activities, (2) the number of work search activities required to be completed in any week, (3) the requirements for producing documentation, and (4) the requirement to apply to, and accept if offered, suitable jobs referred by the department. Provides that 646 IAC 5-9-3 is void and directs the publisher of the Indiana Administrative Code and the Indiana Register to remove the section from the Indiana Administrative Code.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Automotive dealer services.. Description: Automotive dealer services. Defines: (1) "used motor vehicle"; (2) "used motor vehicle dealer"; and (3) "new motor vehicle dealer". Amends the following definitions: (1) "Automotive salvage recycler". (2) "Manufacturer". (3) "Motor vehicle". (4) "Dealer". (5) "Dealer owner". (6) "Transfer dealer". Repeals the definition of "record". Makes conforming changes to include references to "used motor vehicle dealer" and "new motor vehicle dealer" throughout IC 9-32. Provides that the secretary of state may extend: (1) dealer and dealer designee license plate expiration dates; and (2) dealer license expiration dates; in the event of a natural disaster or other emergency. Amends provisions concerning: (1) dealer license plate restrictions; (2) interim dealer or manufacturer license plates; (3) records; (4) offsite sales permits; (5) records of sale; (6) business records; (7) background checks; and (8) notifications of dealer owners and dealer managers. Repeals provisions about evidence of liability coverage. Removes the requirement that an application for a dealer license be signed by a dealer owner or dealer manager. Provides that the requirement to send in a franchise agreement for new motor vehicles or watercraft does not apply to manufactured homes. Specifies that a motor vehicle display is not an offsite sale. Provides that, after receiving a request from a person subject to an order issued by the secretary of state, the secretary of state must issue an order within 15 days of setting a hearing date. Establishes registration requirements for transport operators through the secretary of state. (Current law provides that transport operators register with the bureau of motor vehicles.) Provides that an out-of-state dealer licensed in a state other than Indiana and approved by the BMV may perform a vehicle inspection for purposes of issuing a certificate of title. Provides that an application for a certificate of title submitted only to remove a satisfied lien is not required to be accompanied by the previously issued certificate of title if the application is accompanied with certain documents. Provides that a security agreement is perfected when: (1) the record of the lien is electronically received by the BMV; or (2) the application for certificate of title is submitted to the BMV; as applicable. Provides that certain sections related to mobile credentials have an effective date of July 1, 2020. Provides that, except in certain instances, the secretary of state may only perform an audit or inspection when the secretary has provided at least three days notice to the dealer. Provides that a person may not knowingly or intentionally manufacture, import, install, reinstall, distribute, sell, or offer for sale a component intended to replace a supplemental restraint system component in a motor vehicle if the component: (1) is a counterfeit supplemental restraint system component; (2) is a nonfunctional airbag; or (3) does not comply with certain federal motor vehicle safety standards. Provides that a person may not knowingly or intentionally sell, lease, trade, or transfer a motor vehicle to an Indiana resident in which is installed, as part of the motor vehicle's supplemental restraint system a: (1) counterfeit supplemental restraint system component; (2) nonfunctional airbag; or (3) component that does not comply with certain federal motor vehicle safety standards.  Delays until July 1, 2021, the effective date of certain automotive salvage recycler provisions from HEA 1482-2019 (P.L.284-2019).
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Kinship care oversight committee.. Description: Kinship care oversight committee. Establishes the kinship care oversight committee (committee). Requires the committee to study all aspects of kinship care. Specifies other duties of the committee. Authorizes the committee to meet at any time at the call of the chairperson. Specifies other policies governing the committee. Establishes a kinship care oversight advisory board to advise the committee in carrying out its duties. Specifies the policies governing the kinship care oversight advisory board.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Child care background checks.. Description: Child care background checks. Requires employees and volunteers of a child care facility who may be present on the premises of the child care facility during operating hours to submit to a national criminal history background check. (Under current law, employees and volunteers who have direct contact with children must submit to a national criminal history background check.) Specifies that results of the background check may be used as grounds for denial or revocation of a child care license or registration or eligibility for a child care and development fund voucher payment. Makes technical corrections.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Drinking water testing.. Description: Drinking water testing. Requires each person or entity having authority over a school building to test the drinking water in the school building before January 1, 2023, to determine whether the drinking water equals or exceeds the action level for lead of 15 parts per billion. Provides that the testing requirement is satisfied if the drinking water of a school building: (1) was tested during the lead sampling program for school buildings conducted by the Indiana finance authority (IFA) in 2017 and 2018; (2) is tested in the lead sampling program conducted by the IFA in 2019 and 2020; or has otherwise been tested for compliance with the federal drinking water standards at least once since 2016. Requires that drinking water in school buildings located in Lake County be tested at least once in each period of two calendar years beginning in 2023. Provides that if a test of the drinking water of a school building indicates the presence of lead in the water equal to or greater than 15 parts per billion, the person or entity having authority over the school building is required to take action to reduce the lead levels in the drinking water to less than 15 parts per billion. Provides that the person or entity having authority over a school building that is subject to drinking water testing is required to seek state and federal money that is available for lead sampling or testing.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Withdrawal of candidates.. Description: Withdrawal of candidates. Provides that a candidate may withdraw from being a candidate not later than noon 81 days before the date of a primary election. (Under current law, a candidate wanting to withdraw must do so not later than noon 85 days before the primary election.)
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the month of April each year as Genocide Awareness and Prevention Month.. Description: Recognizing the month of April each year as Genocide Awareness and Prevention Month.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Grandparent visitation.. Description: Grandparent visitation. Amends statutes regarding: (1) standing to seek grandparent visitation; and (2) survival of judicially granted grandparent visitation rights; to specify that standing to seek visitation survives adoption of the grandchild. Provides that a petition for grandparent visitation must be filed not later than six months after the date a decree of adoption of the child is entered. Provides that a paternal grandparent of a child does not have standing to seek grandparent visitation if the child's father has not established paternity in relation to the child. (Under current law, such a grandparent has standing to seek grandparent visitation, but may not be awarded grandparent visitation.) Provides conditions under which standing to seek grandparent visitation survives: (1) establishment of the paternity of the child; and (2) the adoption of the child by certain family members.
In 2020, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Local transportation projects.. Description: Local transportation projects. Provides that the board of the northwest Indiana regional development authority (NWIRDA) may establish any nonprofit entity to carry out and further the purposes, plans, and goals of the NWIRDA with regard to projects located within a transit development district. Authorizes the nonprofit entity to use money it receives only for projects that are located within a transit development district and to further any part of the comprehensive strategic plan of the development authority that relates to transit development districts. Specifies that the nonprofit entity is a governmental body required to provide its current audited financial statements to the development authority. Adds similar provisions to allow the north central Indiana regional development authority to establish a nonprofit entity to carry out and further the purposes, plans, and goals of that development authority with regard to projects located within a transit development district established by the NWIRDA. Requires the redevelopment commission for each county that is a member of the north central Indiana regional development authority to collaborate with the development authority for the purposes of the nonprofit entity. Provides that certain provisions related to electronic communications, executive sessions, and public records apply to a nonprofit entity created by the NWIRDA or a nonprofit entity established by the north central Indiana regional development authority. Provides that the NWIRDA may expend money related to transit development districts or any nonprofit entity created by the NWIRDA to carry out and further the purposes of the NWIRDA with regard to projects located within a transit development district. Provides that the Indiana finance authority (IFA), the NWIRDA, or the northern Indiana commuter transportation district (NICTD) may enter upon land to conduct a survey or investigation for the construction of the following rail projects: (1) The mainline double tracking project. (2) The West Lake corridor project. Provides that the IFA, the NWIRDA, or the NICTD has the same powers and duties as the Indiana department of transportation with regard to the work, including the means of conducting the survey or investigation, provision of notice to occupants of the land, and compensation for damages to land or water incurred in conducting the work. Requires the state budget committee to annually review the amount raised from sources other than taxes and fares for public transportation projects established in certain central Indiana counties. Provides that, in the case of Marion County, if the fiscal body of Marion County does not pay at least 10% of the annual operating expenses of the public transportation project from sources other than taxes and fares, then after December 31 of that year the following apply until the fiscal body of Marion County pays the amount, as determined following the annual state budget committee for review: (1) Beginning after June 30, 2020, the treasurer of state shall withhold 10% from the amount of the certified distribution attributable to the additional tax local income tax rate imposed in Marion County for the public transportation project. (2) Money in Marion County's public transportation project fund may be used only for certain purposes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Teacher preparation program curriculum.. Description: Teacher preparation program curriculum. Requires a teacher preparation program to include content within the curriculum that: (1) prepares teacher candidates to use evidenced based trauma informed classroom instruction and recognition of social, emotional, and behavioral reactions to trauma that may interfere with a student's academic functioning; and (2) provides information on certain applicable Indiana laws. Requires a teacher preparation program to consider using certain curricula pertaining to student trauma.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Local office campaign finance reports.. Description: Local office campaign finance reports. Provides that a county election board may provide for electronic filing of campaign finance reports by local candidates and committees. Provides that if a county election board provides for electronic filing of campaign finance reports, the county election board may not require any candidate or committee to file campaign finance reports electronically.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Telemedicine.. Description: Telemedicine. Specifies certain activities that are considered to be health care services for purposes of the telemedicine laws. Amends the definition of "telemedicine". Requires that the medical records under telemedicine must be created and maintained under the same standards of appropriate practice for medical records for patients in an in-person setting.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Ann Naughton.. Description: Honoring Ann Naughton.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Deployment of truck safety technology.. Description: Deployment of truck safety technology. Provides that a motor carrier safety improvement that is deployed, implemented, used by, or required by a motor carrier shall not be considered when evaluating an individual's status as an employee, independent contractor, or jointly employed employee.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Psychotropic medication in foster care study committee topic.. Description: Psychotropic medication in foster care study committee topic. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the topic of the supervision and distribution of psychotropic medication to children that are in foster care.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Graduation rate calculation.. Description: Graduation rate calculation. Provides that a student who withdraws from school after completing grade 10 may not be included in a school's graduation rate if the student's parent submits to the school the following statements while the student is enrolled in grade 8: (1) A statement from the parent affirming that the parent has a sincerely held religious belief against the taking of a photograph and that the student will be withdrawing from school after completing grade 10 in order to complete a career pathway certification or due to the parent's deeply held religious belief. (2) A statement from a member of the clergy of the religious organization of which the parent is a member regarding the prohibition of photography of members of the religious organization. Requires at least one parent of the student to provide proof that the parent has been issued a photo exempt driver's license or identification card.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Full faith and credit for tribal court orders.. Description: Full faith and credit for tribal court orders. Requires that, under certain circumstances, a court of record in Indiana shall give full faith and credit to judgments and orders of a tribal court affiliated with the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Department of environmental management.. Description: Department of environmental management. Revises references to federal regulations relating to variances from water quality standards. Provides that a variance from a water quality standard issued for a period of more than five years must be reevaluated in accordance with the requirements of the federal rule on variances from water quality standards. Provides that a variance relating to an NPDES permit may be submitted at any time before or after the issuance, renewal, or modification of the NPDES permit. Eliminates the requirement that the department itself, at least once per year, administer a certification examination for operators of water treatment plants, water distribution systems, and wastewater treatment plants. Requires instead the department to ensure that the examination is administered at least once per year, and allows the examination to be administered by independent third parties authorized by the commissioner of the department.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Notification of water utilities and water treatment plants.. Description: Notification of water utilities and water treatment plants. Provides that the environmental rules board shall amend provisions within the administrative rules governing spills to provide for notification to a water utility and water treatment plant in the event of a spill or release of any substance to a water that may cause a threat to the operation of a water utility or water treatment plant.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Courts and family law matters.. Description: Courts and family law matters. Provides that a magistrate has the same powers as a judge, except the power of judicial mandate. Repeals certain sections that enumerate the powers for magistrates. Repeals the judicial technology oversight committee. Increases the filing limit for the small claims docket to not more than $8,000 (rather than $6,000, under current law). Provides that the Marion County court will divide the work of the court into various divisions, including but not limited to the following: (1) Civil. (2) Criminal. (3) Family. Provides that the Marion County court shall hold session in the: (1) community justice campus in Indianapolis; and (2) other places in Marion County as the court determines. Provides that a relocating individual who is party to a custody order or parenting time order is not required to file a notice of intent to move with the clerk of the court if: (1) the relocation has been addressed by a prior court order; or (2) the relocation will: (A) result in a decrease in the distance between the relocating individual's residence and the nonrelocating individual's residence; or (B) result in an increase of not more than 20 miles in the distance between the relocating individual's residence and the nonrelocating individual's residence. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Health care advance directive.. Description: Health care advance directive. Allows an individual to make a health care advance directive that gives instructions or expresses preferences or desires concerning any aspect of the individual's health care or health information and to designate a health care representative to make health care decisions and receive health information for the individual. Consolidates definitions of "life prolonging procedures". Requires the state department of health to prepare a sample advance directive. Provides that the appointment of a representative or attorney in fact to consent to health care that was legally executed before January 1, 2023, is valid as executed. Adds cross-references. Makes conforming changes. Makes technical changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Community mental health centers.. Description: Community mental health centers. Provides that: (1) licensed clinical social workers; (2) licensed mental health counselors; (3) licensed marriage and family therapists; and (4) licensed clinical addiction counselors; who have at least two years of experience in addiction treatment or hold an addiction credential are eligible supervisors for addiction based intensive outpatient treatments under Medicaid. Defines a community mental health center as a governmental unit for purposes of the required nonfederal share of medical assistance payments under Medicaid. Provides that a provider in an intensive outpatient treatment program is not required to be a licensed addictive counselor or clinical addiction counselor if specified conditions are met. Specifies that a recovery audit does not require documentation at the time of service for services provided in certain instances. Allows a supervising provider in a community mental health center to review documentation concerning: (1) a plan of treatment; or (2) specific treatment methods; not later than 30 days from the date of service. Sets forth requirements to demonstrate active treatment in developing a plan of treatment. Requires the division to provide best practice recommendations and to work with community mental health centers in a collaborative manner. Provides that documentation that is developed as part of an incident or death audit is confidential. Allows the division of mental health and addiction to grant a waiver of staffing requirements for community mental health center applicants. Provides that a licensed prescriber with prescriptive authority shall be counted when determining whether a community mental health center applicant meets certain staffing requirements for community mental health center certification. Requires a licensed clinical addiction counselor to be counted for certain staffing requirements of community mental health centers. Requires the division to develop a comprehensive appeals process under the mental health and addiction forensic treatment program not later than January 1, 2021. Provides advanced practice nurses with all of the supervisory rights and responsibilities of: (1) licensed physicians; and (2) health service provider in psychology (HSPP) psychologists; in certain instances if specified requirements are met.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Return of lost pets to owners.. Description: Return of lost pets to owners. Requires an animal care facility to adopt policies and procedures that govern the return of lost or stray dogs and cats to the dog's or cat's owner. Provides animal care policies and procedures that an animal care facility may include to return lost or stray dogs and cats to the dog's or cat's owner.
In 2020, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Ambulatory surgical centers.. Description: Ambulatory surgical centers. Provides that ambulatory surgical centers may be reimbursed in an amount not to exceed 275% of the ambulatory surgical center's Medicare reimbursement rate. Provides that the payment to an ambulatory surgical center for a medical device under worker's compensation may not exceed the invoice amount plus 3%. Increases benefits for injuries and disablements by 2% each year for three years, beginning on July 1, 2020. Provides that a medical service facility may be reimbursed in an amount not to exceed 200% of the medical service facility's Medicare reimbursement rate.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Radon mitigation.. Description: Radon mitigation. Provides the state department of health (state department) with emergency rulemaking authority to amend provisions in the state department's administrative rules concerning radon. Requires the state department to amend provisions in the state department's administrative rules concerning radon using the regular rulemaking process before December 31, 2021. Provides that the provisions added by the bill expire July 1, 2022.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Students with disabilities.. Description: Students with disabilities. Requires the state advisory council on the education of children with disabilities (council) to develop a plan to inform: (1) certain former students who received a certificate of completion or another nondiploma certificate of recognition; and (2) certain former students who had an individualized education program, plan developed under Section 504 of the federal Rehabilitation Act, service plan, or choice scholarship education plan and who withdrew from school; of certain resources and opportunities. Requires the council to submit, not later than October 1, 2020, a copy of the plan to the general assembly.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: New Harmony and Wabash River bridge authority.. Description: New Harmony and Wabash River bridge authority. Provides that the New Harmony and Wabash River bridge authority (bridge authority) and its members, officers, and employees are immune from civil liability resulting from any act or omission related to implementation of the statute that establishes the bridge authority. Provides that the immunity does not extend to a person who commits an act or omits to do an act that amounts to gross negligence or willful and wanton misconduct. Requires the attorney general to defend the bridge authority and its members, officers, and employees if any of these are made a party to a civil suit and the attorney general determines that the suit has arisen out of an act or omission of any of these authorized or required under the bridge authority law or any other law. Repeals an existing statute in the bridge authority law relating to civil immunity.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Jail overcrowding.. Description: Jail overcrowding. Repeals all provisions concerning the county jail overcrowding task force. Adds additional members to the justice reinvestment advisory council ("advisory council"), including members of the Indiana evidence based decision making initiative (which is a partnership between state and local criminal justice stakeholders). Specifies the purpose and certain duties of the advisory council, including: (1) to conduct a state level review and evaluation of jail overcrowding to identify a range of possible solutions; and (2) to develop incarceration alternatives and recidivism reduction programs at the county and community level by promoting the development of the incorporation of evidence based decision making into decisions concerning jail overcrowding. Provides that the advisory council may make a recommendation to the county sheriffs concerning strategies to address jail overcrowding and implementing evidence based practices for reducing recidivism for individuals in county jails. Requires the criminal justice institute to coordinate with state and local criminal justice agencies for the collection and transfer of data from sheriffs concerning jail: (1) populations; and (2) statistics; for the purpose of providing jail data to the management performance hub.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Bureau of motor vehicles.. Description: Bureau of motor vehicles. Requires the bureau to provide recommendations to the general assembly to move from physical certificates of registration and physical proofs of registration to electronic certificates of registration and electronic proofs of registration.
In 2020, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: State and local administration.. Description: State and local administration. Repeals the following boards and commissions: (1) Public highway private enterprise review board. (2) Lake Michigan marina and shoreline development commission. Repeals the following advisory councils and advisory boards: (1) Interstate rail passenger advisory council. (2) Orange County development advisory board. Repeals the high speed rail development fund (fund) and requires the budget agency to transfer any unencumbered money in the fund to the state general fund. Provides that money in the industrial service fund may be used to provide money for the Midwest Interstate Passenger Rail Compact. Repeals language concerning responsibilities of the circuit court clerk (clerk) with respect to: (1) the clerk's receipt of the registry of certain alcohol permits; (2) notification to the clerk of a hearing regarding the fitness of an applicant seeking certain alcohol permits; and (3) the clerk's issuance of hunting, trapping, and fishing licenses. Provides that a newspaper may not charge an indigent person a fee for publishing a legal notice that is greater than the governmental rate. Exempts certain work done by the employees of a conservancy district established for the purpose of water or sewage treatment from certain requirements that apply to public works contracts. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Financial institutions and consumer credit.. Description: Financial institutions and consumer credit. Makes various changes to the statutes concerning: (1) first lien mortgage lenders; (2) persons licensed under the Uniform Consumer Credit Code (UCCC); (3) civil proceeding advance payment providers; (4) debt management companies; (5) banks; (6) credit unions; (7) pawnbrokers; (8) money transmitters; and (9) licensed cashers of checks. Repeals a provision in the statute governing credit unions that concerns loans made by a credit union to the credit union's individual directors and committee members. Amends a provision in the statute governing credit unions that concerns loans made by a credit union to the credit union's individual officers to: (1) include extensions of credit made to the credit union's individual directors and supervisory committee members (and to the immediate family members and related interests of the credit union's individual directors and supervisory committee members); and (2) specify that such extensions of credit shall be made in accordance with Regulation O of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Provides that an appraisal required in connection with a real estate mortgage loan to a credit union member must be: (1) a written appraisal; or (2) a written estimate of market value; consistent with the appraisal standards and transaction value limitations set forth in the appraisal regulations of the National Credit Union Administration.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Regional redevelopment.. Description: Regional redevelopment. Provides that a public instrumentality or a public corporate body authorized by state law may enter into an interlocal agreement. Allows two or more eligible units to establish a land bank jointly by entering into an interlocal agreement.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various insurance matters.. Description: Various insurance matters. Requires a state employee health plan, a policy of accident and sickness insurance, and a health maintenance organization contract to provide coverage for pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infections (PANDAS) and pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome (PANS), including treatment with intravenous immunoglobulin therapy. Makes changes in the law concerning the permissible investments of life insurance companies and casualty, fire, and marine insurance companies. Provides that an insurance administrator may pay claims via electronic payment. Exempts an individual from the prelicensing course, state license examination, and continuing education requirements for licensed independent adjusters if the individual holds a current claims certification issued by a national or state claims association whose certification program meets certain conditions. Provides that a multiple employer welfare arrangement may be established through an interlocal cooperation agreement. Adopts the insurance data security model law, which requires certain holders of an insurance license, authority, or registration to maintain an information security program and meet other requirements. Establishes an affirmative defense to a tort civil action for a licensee that satisfies the requirements of the insurance data security model law. Adopts a new model law on credit for reinsurance. Provides that a rejection of uninsured motorist coverage or underinsured motorist coverage in an underlying personal policy is also a rejection of uninsured motorist coverage or underinsured motorist coverage in a personal umbrella or excess liability policy. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the task of studying medical payment coverage, including: (1) whether medical payment coverage should be supplemental to the benefits: (A) to which a covered individual is entitled under a health plan; and (B) that are the same as or similar to benefits available to the covered individual under the medical payment coverage; and (2) whether a health plan should be prohibited from requiring the use or exhaustion of medical payment coverage as a condition of payment of benefits under the health plan for health care services rendered to a covered individual.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Natural resources.. Description: Natural resources. Removes the definition of "motorboat". Provides that the definition of "watercraft" does not include a craft that is: (1) powered by its occupants; and (2) does not contain a mechanical propellant. Repeals and replaces provisions in the current watercraft registration law. Amends sections related to boat excise tax. Provides that tax situs means the taxing district in which the boat is located on the date it is registered. Provides that a watercraft is not a vehicle for purposes of mechanic's liens for vehicles. Provides that a person that fails to carry a certificate of registration or display proof of registration for display on a watercraft commits a Class C infraction. Provides that a person who knowingly or intentionally falsifies, predates, changes, or counterfeits proof of registration for a watercraft commits a Class C misdemeanor. Revises the definition of "recreational trail" to specify that the term refers to trails or paths funded through the recreational trails program. Specifies that the state may acquire a railroad's interest in a corridor for use as a trail (rather than as a recreational trail as provided by current law). Specifies that the state may consider a corridor's suitability for use as a trail (rather than as a recreational trail as provided by current law) when considering whether to acquire a railroad's interest in a corridor. Specifies that a railroad's interest in a corridor acquired for a recreational purpose may be developed and operated under the recreational trails program. (Current law requires such acquisitions to be developed and operated under the program.) Modifies the definitions of "all-terrain vehicle" and "recreational off-highway vehicle". Makes it a Class C infraction to violate a rule adopted by the natural resources commission or an emergency rule adopted by the department of natural resources, unless otherwise specified under state law. Allows the owner of a boat that carries passengers upon public water for hire to elect to have an underwater survey (survey) conducted instead of the required dry dock inspection. Requires that the boat be inspected in a dry dock once every 120 months. Requires the owner of the boat to hire and pay for the survey. Requires the survey to be conducted by an inspector from a certified organization that is approved by the natural resources commission. Requires that the certificate of inspection and registration certify the method of the boat's inspection and the name of the person and organization that performed the inspection. Allows an individual to float on a board on or in the wake directly behind a motorboat that is underway using the wake itself as the means of propulsion. Removes the sunset provision regarding the use of certain rifles while hunting. Removes an exception for legal minnow seines and dip nets from the prohibition on using various fishing techniques near a dam. Authorizes the natural resources commission to authorize exceptions for the use of otherwise prohibited techniques by rule. Makes various changes to the procedures for revoking or denying a license or permit under the wildlife violator compact. Provides that a court having jurisdiction of an offense committed in violation of an Indiana law for the protection of wildlife may revoke the license of the offender for a minimum of one year. (Current law allows revocations for a period of 30 days, 60 days, 90 days, or one year.) Declares that the citizens of Indiana have certain vested rights with respect to Lake Michigan, and that the natural resources commission may adopt rules concerning those rights. Provides that property owners may jointly apply for a permit with the Indiana department of environmental management for wetland activities in state regulated wetlands. Authorizes the department to adopt rules identifying the ordinary high water mark on the land adjoining the waters of Lake Michigan for administrative purposes. Provides that the owner of a private property that is adjacent to Lake Michigan is immune from liability under certain circumstances. Provides guidelines for permitting to private property owners by local governmental agencies, in the case of an emergency to: (1) repair; or (2) construct; a new seawall or revetment on the owner's property. Provides guidelines for the location of a seawall or revetment in the event of construction or repair of that seawall or revetment. Makes a local planning and zoning statute concerning the alienation of mineral resources and forests outside urban areas applicable to all counties.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Physician assistants and nurses.. Description: Physician assistants and nurses. Beginning January 1, 2021, allows a physician assistant who: (1) performs under a collaborative agreement that allows the physician assistant to certify the cause of death and submit death records as delegated by the collaborating physician; and (2) is last in attendance upon the deceased; and (3) certifies the cause of death of a deceased individual; to enter or sign a record on a death into the Indiana death registration system. Beginning January 1, 2021, allows an advanced practice registered nurse who is last in attendance upon the deceased to certify the cause of death of a deceased individual and to enter or sign a record on a death into the Indiana death registration system. Provides that one of the registered nurses appointed to the Indiana state board of nursing (board) must be an advanced practice registered nurse who has, or has had, prescriptive authority. Amends the qualifications of registered nurse members and practical nurse members of the board.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Waste tires.. Description: Waste tires. Adds a definition of "used tire", for purposes of the law governing solid waste management. Adds requirements for the adoption of administrative rules concerning the regulation of waste tire storage sites and waste tire processing operations.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Electric generation.. Description: Electric generation. Provides that a public utility that owns and operates a reliable capacity electric generation resource shall operate and maintain the unit using good utility practices and in a manner reasonably intended to support the availability of the unit for dispatch and for providing reliable service to customers of the public utility. Prohibits a public utility from terminating a power agreement with a legacy generation resource in which the public utility has an ownership interest unless the public utility provides the utility regulatory commission (IURC) with at least three years advance notice of the termination. Provides that the IURC shall determine the reasonable costs incurred by the public utility under the power agreement and allow the public utility to recover those costs in a fuel adjustment charge proceeding. Provides that a public utility may not retire, sell, or transfer a reliable capacity resource with a capacity of at least 80 megawatts before May 1, 2021, unless: (1) the public utility first provides written notice to the IURC of the public utility's intent to do so; and (2) the IURC conducts a public hearing to receive information concerning the reasonableness of the planned retirement, sale, or transfer. Requires the IURC to conduct the required hearing and issue its analysis and conclusions concerning the reasonableness of the planned retirement, sale, or transfer not later than 120 days after the date of the IURC's receipt of the public utility's written notice to the IURC. Provides that if the planned retirement, sale, or transfer: (1) was included in the public utility's preferred portfolio in the public utility's most recent integrated resource plan, the public utility may proceed with the planned retirement, sale, or transfer after the commission issues the commission's analysis and conclusions; or (2) was not included in the public utility's preferred portfolio in the public utility's most recent integrated resource plan, the public utility may not proceed with the planned retirement, sale, or transfer until at least six months have elapsed from the date of the commission's receipt of the public utility's written notice of the planned retirement, sale, or transfer. Provides that if a public utility cites a federal mandate as the basis, in whole or in part, for the planned retirement, sale, or transfer of the reliable capacity resource, the IURC may consider as part of its analysis and conclusions whether the cited federal mandate: (1) is in force; (2) has not expired or been revoked; and (3) is not merely anticipated to be enacted; at the time of the public utility's notice. Provides that these provisions expire May 1, 2021. Provides that in awarding high value workforce ready credit-bearing grants, the commission for higher education, in conjunction with the department of workforce development, shall give priority to an applicant who is a coal transition worker. Defines a "coal transition worker" as an individual who is laid off or terminated from the individual's employment: (1) at a commercial coal mine in Indiana; (2) at a coal fired electric generating unit in Indiana; or (3) in an Indiana based manufacturing or transportation supply chain serving: (A) a commercial coal mine; or (B) a coal fired electric generating unit; in Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Governor's workforce cabinet.. Description: Governor's workforce cabinet. Makes changes to the membership of the governor's workforce cabinet. Requires the governor's workforce cabinet to work with stakeholders from early learning through the workforce to establish alignment and coordination between the early learning advisory committee, state board of education (state board), commission for higher education, and department of workforce development.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Tobacco and vaping smoking age.. Description: Tobacco and vaping smoking age. Prohibits a person who is less than 21 years of age from buying or possessing: (1) tobacco; (2) e-liquids; or (3) electronic cigarettes. Makes conforming changes regarding enforcement provisions, sales certificates, prohibition of delivery sales, and notices posted at retail establishments and at vending machines. Provides that a retail establishment that sells an e-liquid to a person less than 21 years of age is subject to a civil judgment for an infraction. Doubles the civil judgment for an infraction for: (1) a retail establishment that sells or distributes tobacco, an e-liquid, or an electronic cigarette to a person less than 21 years of age; and (2) certain retail establishments that allow an underage person to enter their establishment. Modifies the time frame for when retail establishments may receive enhanced penalties for repeat e-liquid and tobacco products violations. Requires a merchant who mails or ships cigarettes as part of a delivery sale to use a shipping service that requires a customer to present identification if they appear to be less than 30 years of age. Provides that a tobacco sales certificate (certificate) may only be issued to a person who has not had an interest in a certificate revoked by the commission for a business location within one year. Makes it a Class C misdemeanor if a tobacco and vaping business operates within 1,000 feet of a public or private elementary or secondary school. Provides that a retail establishment in which tobacco products, electronic cigarettes, and e-liquids account for at least 85% of the retail establishment's gross sales: (1) may not allow a person who is less than 21 years of age to enter the retail establishment; and (2) is not subject to a statute prohibiting sales of tobacco or electronic cigarettes through a self-service display. Makes it a Class B infraction for a person to knowingly sell  tobacco, an e-liquid, or an electronic cigarette that contains vitamin E acetate. Makes technical corrections.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: School accountability.. Description: School accountability. Provides that a school's or school corporation's category or designation of school or school corporation performance assigned by the state board of education for the 2018-2019 school year may not be lower than the school's or school corporation's category or designation of school or school corporation performance for the 2017-2018 school year. Provides that a school's or school corporation's category or designation of school or school corporation performance assigned by the state board of education for the 2019-2020 school year is the higher of the school's or school corporation's: (1) category or designation of school or school corporation performance assigned for the 2018-2019 school year; or (2) category or designation of school or school corporation performance for the 2019-2020 school year. Provides that consequences for school improvement do not apply for the 2018-2019 or 2019-2020 school years. Provides that ILEARN program test scores or a school's category or designation of school improvement for the 2018-2019 or 2019-2020 school year may not be used by a school corporation as part of an annual performance evaluation of a particular certificated employee unless the use of the ILEARN program test scores or a school's category or designation of school improvement would improve the particular certificated employee's annual performance rating.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Health care provider billing.. Description: Health care provider billing. Prohibits billing a patient who receives emergency services: (1) from an out of network provider; and (2) at specified facilities that are in network; for amounts that exceed the cost paid by the patient's insurance plus any deductibles, copayments, and coinsurance amounts. Requires certain health care providers to provide, upon request from the patient, a good faith estimate to the patient for the cost of care at least five business days before a health care service or procedure is provided. Sets forth requirements of the good faith estimate. Requires the patient to acknowledge in writing receipt of the estimate and indicate whether to proceed with the service or procedure.
In 2020, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Health programs.. Description: Health programs. Extends the prohibition against the inclusion of certain Medicaid recipients in: (1) risk based managed care programs; or (2) capitated managed care programs; from June 30, 2020, to June 30, 2021. Requires a syringe exchange program to: (1) provide testing for communicable diseases and provide services or a referral for services if the individual tests positive; and (2) establish a referral process for program participants in need of information or education concerning communicable diseases or health care. Requires the state department of health to include certain information concerning syringe exchange programs in the report to the general assembly before November 1, 2020. Extends the expiration date for certain syringe exchange programs from July 1, 2021, to July 1, 2022.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Health provider contracts.. Description: Health provider contracts. Requires hospitals, ambulatory outpatient surgical centers, and urgent care facilities to post certain information on their Internet web sites about health care services they provide, including the weighted average negotiated charges for the services. Provides that an insurer that issues a group health insurance policy or a health maintenance organization that enters into a group health maintenance organization contract shall disclose to the policyholder or subscriber: (1) the amount of the commission, service fee, or brokerage fee to be paid to an insurance producer for selling, soliciting, or negotiating the policy or contract; and (2) whether the commission or fee is based on a percentage of total plan premiums or a flat per member fee. Requires that this information be disclosed at the outset and upon renewal of the policy or contract. Prohibits the inclusion in a health provider contract of a provision under which a provider (an individual or entity licensed or authorized to provide health care services) would be prohibited from disclosing health care service claims data to an employer providing the coverage. States that the inclusion of such a provision in a health care provider contract is an unfair or deceptive act or practice in the business of insurance. Requires the department of insurance to submit a request for information and a request for proposals concerning the establishment and operation of an all payer claims data base, which will receive and contain information on claims paid by insurers, health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, and other payers. Provides that a fully credentialed provider shall be reimbursed by an insurer or health maintenance organization for eligible services provided at an in-network hospital if certain conditions are met.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Electric vehicle supplemental fee.. Description: Electric vehicle supplemental fee. Requires an electric vehicle or hybrid vehicle that is a motorcycle or motor driven cycle to pay a $25 supplemental fee to register.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: 911 dispatchers.. Description: 911 dispatchers. Provides that an emergency medical dispatcher who has successfully completed certain training shall be considered an emergency responder.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating Black History Month.. Description: Celebrating Black History Month.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Target shooting.. Description: Target shooting. Provides that a person who goes to a shooting range that is, or whose instructors and range safety officers are, certified by a nationally recognized shooting organization, and that posts and maintains signage concerning liability for the purpose of target shooting does not have an assurance that the premises is safe for that purpose.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Pension matters.. Description: Pension matters. Provides that a member of the public employees' retirement fund (PERF), the Indiana state teachers' retirement fund (TRF), or the legislators' defined contribution plan who meets certain age and service requirements may withdraw all or part of the amount in the member's annuity savings account without consequence to the member's pension benefit under the fund and without separating from a covered position. Removes the requirement that a member of PERF, TRF, or the legislators' defined contribution plan wait 30 days after separating from a covered position to withdraw an amount from the member's annuity saving account. Provides that the board of trustees of the Indiana public retirement system may offer members an alternative option for the payment of the member's retirement benefits that does not include a minimum benefit option. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the interim study committee on pension management oversight.)
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Resident tuition rate for active duty personnel.. Description: Resident tuition rate for active duty personnel. Makes the following changes to provisions concerning resident tuition rate eligibility for active duty armed forces personnel and dependents of active duty armed forces personnel: (1) Defines "dependent". (2) Amends the definition of "qualified course". (3) Provides that spouses of active duty armed forces personnel are eligible for the resident tuition rate. (4) Provides that spouses and dependents of active duty armed forces personnel are eligible, from the date that the state educational institution accepts the spouse or dependent for enrollment, for the resident tuition rate if the spouse or dependent enrolls in the state educational institution within a certain amount of time. (5) Provides that a dependent or spouse of a person who serves on active duty in the armed forces is eligible for the resident tuition rate for the duration of the spouse's or dependent's continuous enrollment at a state educational institution regardless of whether the person serving on active duty continues, after the spouse or dependent is accepted for enrollment in the state educational institution, to satisfy certain resident rate tuition eligibility criteria.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile delinquents and firearms.. Description: Juvenile delinquents and firearms. Prohibits a person who has been adjudicated a delinquent child for committing an act while armed with a firearm that would be a serious violent felony if committed by an adult (serious delinquent) from possessing a firearm unless the person is at least: (1) 26 years of age, in the case of less serious acts; or (2) 28 years of age, in the case of more serious acts. Makes possession of a firearm by a serious delinquent a Level 6 felony, and increases the penalty to a Level 5 felony for a second or subsequent offense. Requires a juvenile court to transmit certain findings to the office of judicial administration for transmission to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) upon a finding of delinquency for an act that would be a serious violent felony if committed by an adult.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Electronic technology for ophthalmic prescriptions.. Description: Electronic technology for ophthalmic prescriptions. Removes the restriction on the prescribing of ophthalmic devices through telemedicine and sets conditions on when a provider may, through telemedicine, prescribe medical devices. Establishes conditions that must be met before a prescriber may issue a prescription for an ophthalmic device through telemedicine. Prohibits making changes and substitutions to a prescription for contact lenses or prescription eye glasses unless under the direction of the prescriber. States that a prescriber is not liable for any damage or injury to an individual resulting from the packaging, manufacturing, or dispensing of the contact lenses or prescription eye glasses unless the prescriber is also the seller. Prohibits the optometry board from establishing restrictive standards concerning the practice of ocular telemedicine or ocular telehealth.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Plan commissions.. Description: Plan commissions. Allows a county agricultural extension educator (educator) serving on a county plan commission or an area plan commission who is not a resident of the county to continue to serve on the county plan commission or area plan commission until: (1) October 1, 2020; or (2) the date set forth in a county legislative body ordinance that is after October 1, 2020, and not later than October 1, 2021. Provides that an educator who is not a resident of the county shall serve the county plan commission or area plan commission in a nonvoting advisory capacity. Provides that the county surveyor's designee must be a resident of the county to serve on the county plan commission or area plan commission. Requires a person appointed to a plan commission to fill a vacancy or to serve as an alternate member to meet the same requirements as the member the person is appointed to replace.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Out-of-state prescriptions.. Description: Out-of-state prescriptions. Provides that a pharmacist has a duty to honor all prescriptions issued by: (1) an advanced practice registered nurse; or (2) a physician assistant; licensed under the laws of another state.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Annexation.. Description: Annexation. Provides, with certain exceptions, that the following apply to annexations for which an annexation ordinance is adopted after March 31, 2020: (1) A municipality initiating an annexation must file a petition with the court signed by at least: (A) 51% of the owners of land that is not exempt from property taxes in the annexation territory; or (B) the owners of more than 75% in assessed valuation of land that is not exempt from property taxes in the annexation territory. (2) If the petition filed by the municipality has enough signatures, the court must hold a hearing to review the annexation. (3) Adds provisions regarding the validity of a signature on an annexation petition. (4) Eliminates the remonstrance procedure for annexations and reimbursement of remonstrator's attorney's fees and costs. (5) Provides that remonstrance waivers are void for annexations for which the annexation ordinance is adopted after March 31, 2020. (6) Provides that a settlement agreement in lieu of annexation that is executed after March 31, 2020, is void. (7) Eliminates provisions regarding the contiguity of a public highway. Eliminates provisions that prohibit an annexation from taking effect in the year preceding the year that a federal decennial census is conducted.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Mental health disability review panels.. Description: Mental health disability review panels. Establishes mental health disability review panels (review panel) for evaluation of members of the 1977 police officers' and firefighters' pension and disability fund (1977 fund) who have been determined to have an impairment for mental illness. Includes mental illness in the description of "occupational diseases" for purposes of determining whether a 1977 fund member has an impairment. Makes the final determination of an impairment for a mental illness provisional for two years: (1) beginning July 1, 2020, for a final determination made after December 31, 2012, and before July 1, 2020; or (2) from the date of the final determination, for a final determination made after June 30, 2020. Requires that, during that time, the 1977 fund member participate in a mental health treatment plan, at the employer's cost, and at the end of the two year period, requires the review panel to evaluate the 1977 fund member to determine if the 1977 fund member: (1) is medically able to return to duty; or (2) may continue for another two year provisional disability period. Requires that, at the end of the second provisional period, the review panel evaluate the 1977 fund member to determine if the 1977 fund member: (1) is medically able to return to duty; or (2) has a permanent impairment. Provides that the evaluations conducted by the mental health disability review panels are confidential. Provides that the board of trustees of the Indiana public retirement system may suspend a 1977 fund member's disability benefits if the member fails to comply with reasonable requests for information by the mental health disability review panel. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the interim study committee on pension management oversight.)
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various trust and probate issues.. Description: Various trust and probate issues. Makes various changes to trust and probate laws concerning proof of title affidavits, small estate affidavits, execution of a trust by a third party, silent trusts, nonjudicial settlements of accounts, and legacy trusts. Makes technical corrections. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the probate code study commission.)
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Omega Psi Phi.. Description: Recognizing Omega Psi Phi.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Native American Indian affairs commission.. Description: Native American Indian affairs commission. Changes the membership requirements for members of the Native American Indian affairs commission as follows: (1) Specifies that eight, rather than six, members must be Native American Indians from different geographic regions of Indiana. (2) Removes the requirement that two members must be Native American Indians who have knowledge in Native American traditions and spiritual issues. (3) Replaces the commissioner of the commission for higher education or the commissioner's designee as an ex officio member with the director of the department of child services or the director's designee. (4) Provides that not more than two members of the commission may represent the same tribe or organization. (Current law limits a particular tribe or organization to one member.)
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Specialized driving privileges.. Description: Specialized driving privileges. Provides that in certain circumstances a court may stay the suspension of a person's driving privileges and grant specialized driving privileges for a period of time as determined by the court. Provides that the court may set periodic hearings to review the grant of specialized driving privileges. Provides that, if a probable cause affidavit must be sent by a judicial officer to the bureau of motor vehicles, the probable cause affidavit must be sent at the conclusion of the initial hearing.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Fraud consolidation.. Description: Fraud consolidation. Repeals and consolidates various fraud, deception, and mischief offenses. Defines "financial institution" for purposes of crimes involving financial institutions. Defines "item of sentimental value" and enhances the penalties for mischief, theft, and fraud if the offense involves an item of sentimental value. Defines "pecuniary loss" for purposes of fraud in connection with insurance. Makes conforming amendments. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the interim study committee on corrections and criminal code.)
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Interim study committee.. Description: Interim study committee. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the task of studying storm water fees.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Expungement issues.. Description: Expungement issues. Defines "protection order records" and requires companies that provide background checks to periodically review their records and remove records relating to expunged protection orders (in the same manner as expunged convictions are removed). Permits a person to expunge protection order records in connection with the denial of an ex parte petition for a protection order. Provides that if a court reduces a Class D or Level 6 felony to a misdemeanor, the five-year waiting period for expungement begins on the date of the felony conviction and not on the date the felony was converted to a misdemeanor. Provides that, if a person whose records have been expunged seeks employment with a law enforcement agency or a probation or community corrections department, the law enforcement agency or the probation or community corrections department may: (1) inquire about the person's expunged records; and (2) refuse to employ the person. Specifies the procedure to expunge records of a collateral action entered in a different county than the county which issued the expungement order.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Railroad crossings.. Description: Railroad crossings. Subject to available funding, requires the department of transportation to construct, in locations where practical and necessary, lanes and signs at railroad crossings on state highways.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: EMS personnel licensure interstate compact.. Description: EMS personnel licensure interstate compact. Implements the emergency medical services personnel licensure interstate compact.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Strack and Van Til on the occasion of their 91st Anniversary.. Description: Recognizing Strack and Van Til on the occasion of their 91st Anniversary.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Indiana youth service program.. Description: Indiana youth service program. Provides that the Center of Excellence in Leadership of Learning at the University of Indianapolis shall develop a proposal to establish the Indiana youth service program (program) to provide high school students with the opportunity to learn various skills and participate in service at host sites throughout Indiana. Provides that the Center of Excellence in Leadership of Learning at the University of Indianapolis may seek input on the program from the department of workforce development, the commission for higher education, and the legislative services agency. Provides that the Center of Excellence in Leadership of Learning at the University of Indianapolis shall present the proposed program, including costs of administration, to the budget committee and the general assembly for review and consideration not later than December 1, 2020.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Donation of income tax refund for cancer research.. Description: Donation of income tax refund for cancer research. Establishes the cancer research account within the Indiana health care account. Provides that a taxpayer may designate all or a part of the taxpayer's state income tax refund to be paid over to the cancer research account. Provides that the budget agency shall distribute the money in the cancer research account in equal amounts to the Indiana University Melvin and Bren Simon Cancer Center and the Purdue University Center for Cancer Research.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Township homeless assistance.. Description: Township homeless assistance. Provides that a township trustee of a township that has a population of more than 10,000, shall, if the trustee considers it advisable, place in the county home or provide township assistance to a homeless person whose legal residence: (1) is not in the township; or (2) cannot be ascertained. Provides that a township trustee of a township that has a population of less than 10,000, may, if the trustee considers it advisable, place in the county home or provide township assistance to a homeless person whose legal residence: (1) is not in the township; or (2) cannot be ascertained. Requires each township trustee in a county to collaborate and prepare a list of public and known private resources that is: (1) available to the homeless population for each township in the county; and (2) distributed and published on the county's Internet web site not later than March 1 of each year.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Whistleblower reports.. Description: Whistleblower reports. Allows for an employee who is reporting misconduct concerning the execution of a public contract to make an oral report or a report by electronic mail. (Current law requires that such a report be in writing.) Requires that, if an employee makes an oral report, the person to whom the report is made must memorialize the oral report to written form not less than 30 days after the date the person receives the oral report and shall send a copy of the written report to the employee making the oral report if the employee's identity is known.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Possession of firearms on school property.. Description: Possession of firearms on school property. Exempts certain retired law enforcement officers described in the federal Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act (LEOSA) from the prohibition against carrying a firearm on school property. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Adverse possession statute of limitations.. Description: Adverse possession statute of limitations. Amends the statute concerning the statute of limitations for actions for the recovery of the possession of real estate to provide that such an action that: (1) involves a line located and established by a professional surveyor; and (2) accrues before the lines are located and established by the surveyor; must be commenced before the expiration of the appeal period set forth in the statute governing county surveyors. Amends the Indiana Code provision concerning the establishment of property lines by means of a legal survey to specify that the lines established are binding on all affected landowners, including a landowner who claims title under a claim of adverse possession. Provides that certain information must be contained in a notice of survey sent to adjoining landowners, and that a legible copy of the plat of the legal survey must be enclosed with the notice.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Hyperbaric oxygen treatment pilot program.. Description: Hyperbaric oxygen treatment pilot program. Removes the requirement that rules adopted by the state department of health, in consultation with the department of veterans' affairs, include patient health improvement as a condition for approval of payment for treatment under the hyperbaric oxygen treatment pilot program (pilot program). Removes the requirement that the state department of health receive pretreatment and posttreatment evaluation documentation as a condition for approval of payment for hyperbaric oxygen treatment. Requires that rules adopted by the state department of health concerning the pilot program not include criteria requiring patient health improvement as a condition for approval of payment for treatment.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Shovel ready site development center.. Description: Shovel ready site development center. Defines "office" as the office of community and rural affairs for purposes of the law governing the shovel ready site development center (center). Provides that the office shall, in cooperation with the Indiana economic development corporation and political subdivisions, administer the center to enable political subdivisions to obtain permits to create sites that are ready for economic development. Provides that the office shall serve as the certifying body for acceptance into the program and determine the criteria to be used to certify sites.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Psychology interjurisdictional compact.. Description: Psychology interjurisdictional compact. Establishes the psychology interjurisdictional compact concerning interjurisdictional telepsychology and the temporary authorization to practice psychology in another compact state. Sets forth requirements of a compact state. Sets forth the duties of the psychology interjurisdictional compact commission.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Code Revision Corrections.. Description: Code Revision Corrections. Addresses problems in the Indiana Code not suitable for resolution in the annual Technical Corrections bill, including resolution of the conflicts between versions of sections that were both amended and repealed during the 2019 legislative session. Resolves technical conflicts between various enrolled acts passed during the 2020 legislative session. Corrects technical errors in various enrolled acts passed during the 2020 legislative session.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Various property tax matters.. Description: Various property tax matters. Provides that an individual who is certified as a level one or level two assessor-appraiser, may serve as a tax representative of a taxpayer before the county property tax assessment board of appeals, if authorized by the taxpayer on a form submitted with the taxpayer's notice to initiate an appeal. Provides that an individual who is certified as a level three assessor-appraiser may serve as a tax representative of a taxpayer before the county property tax assessment board of appeals or the Indiana board. Provides that, if the date 30 days after the due date for delinquent real and personal property taxes falls on a Saturday, a Sunday, or a holiday, payment of the delinquent taxes made on the next succeeding day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday is subject only to a 5% penalty rather than a 10% penalty.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Nonconforming structures.. Description: Nonconforming structures. Provides that the parcel owner shall be allowed to reconstruct, repair, or renovate the nonconforming structure if the reconstruction, repair, or renovation meets certain requirements. Specifies that the bill's provision regarding the reconstruction, repair, or renovation of a nonconforming structure does not apply to a nonconforming structure that is: (1) subject to the jurisdiction of a preservation commission; or (2) located within a flood plain.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Certified registered nurse anesthetists.. Description: Certified registered nurse anesthetists. Requires a physician to be available for timely consultation with a certified registered nurse anesthetist who is administering anesthesia under the direction of the physician during a surgical procedure (current law requires the physician to remain present in the facility).  Allows for a certified registered nurse anesthetist to administer anesthesia under the direction of a podiatrist in a hospital or ambulatory outpatient surgical center if a physician is available for a timely consultation. Provides that: (1) the National Board of Certification and Recertification for Nurse Anesthetists; or (2) another certifying entity approved by the Indiana state board of nursing; may act as a certifying or recertifying entity for certified registered nurse anesthetists.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Study committee on invasive species.. Description: Study committee on invasive species. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee (committee) the topic of studying issues related to invasive species. Specifies that the committee must consider the following: (1) An examination of the Indiana Invasives Initiative, including: (A) funding sources available to the Indiana Invasives Initiative; and (B) the potential for making the Indiana Invasives Initiative an agency of state government. (2) Funding sources available to the invasive species council.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Wrongful death damages.. Description: Wrongful death damages. Increases the aggregate damages cap for a wrongful death action from $300,000 to $700,000.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Statute of limitations.. Description: Statute of limitations. Provides that an otherwise barred offense may be commenced not later than five years from the earlier of the date on which: (1) the state first discovers DNA evidence sufficient to charge the offender; (2) the state first becomes aware of a recording that provides evidence sufficient to charge the offender; or (3) a person confesses to the offense. Permits the alleged victim of certain child sex crimes to apply for victim compensation not later than five years after: (1) the state first discovers DNA evidence sufficient to charge the offender; (2) the state first becomes aware of a recording that provides evidence sufficient to charge the offender; or (3) a person confesses to the offense.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Deduction for certain residential property.. Description: Deduction for certain residential property. Provides a property tax deduction to the owner of real property, a mobile home not assessed as real property, or a manufactured home not assessed as real property if: (1) the property is occupied by relative of the owner who is blind or is an individual with a disability; (2) the occupant principally uses the property as the occupant's residence; and (3) the occupant's gross income for the year preceding the year for which the deduction is claimed does not exceed $17,000.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Affordable and workforce housing incentives.. Description: Affordable and workforce housing incentives. Allows the Indiana housing and community development authority (authority) to establish a program (program) to incentivize investment in affordable and workforce housing projects in Indiana. Provides that an eligible applicant who wishes to obtain an incentive under the program must apply to the authority after June 30, 2021. Requires the authority to provide a report to the interim study committee on fiscal policy concerning: (1) affordable and workforce housing incentives offered in other states; and (2) a recommendation on the type of incentive that should be offered in Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: National motto in schools.. Description: National motto in schools. Provides that each school corporation and charter school may place a durable poster or framed picture representing: (1) the national motto of the United States, "In God We Trust"; (2) an accurate representation of the United States flag; and (3) an accurate representation of the Indiana state flag; in each school library and classroom within the school corporation or charter school. Provides that the representation of the United States flag and the Indiana state flag must comply with any applicable federal or state laws concerning the design, dimensions, or presentation of each respective flag.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Department of homeland security.. Description: Department of homeland security. Renames the "safety first" license plate as the "first responder" license plate. Provides that the department of homeland security (department) may require a person to submit information, a document, or an application electronically. Provides that the two-dimensional bar code assigned to an elevator shall be displayed in or on each elevator. Repeals the reduced ignition propensity standards for cigarettes fund and transfers the money in the fund to the fire prevention and public safety fund. Provides that the fire prevention and public safety fund may be used for the same purposes as the reduced ignition propensity standards for cigarettes fund. Requires a school corporation or charter school to annually report to the department the number of school resource officers employed by the school corporation or charter school for the protection of the school corporation or charter school. Requires the department to annually compile the number of school resource officers employed by school corporations or charter schools for the protection of the school corporations or charter schools and retain that information. Provides that the information about school resource officers compiled by the department is confidential. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Adult guardianship services.. Description: Adult guardianship services. Combines the volunteer advocates for seniors program and the volunteer advocates for incapacitated adults programs into one program. Requires that, in submitting a progress report to the court, a volunteer advocate for seniors and incapacitated adults shall include a person centered care plan in the progress report.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Medicaid reimbursement for schools.. Description: Medicaid reimbursement for schools. Allows the office of the secretary of family and social services to apply for a Medicaid state plan amendment to allow school corporations to seek Medicaid reimbursement for medically necessary, school-based Medicaid covered services that are provided under federal or state mandates. Specifies possible services for Medicaid reimbursement. Adds physical therapy to the list of services a school psychologist may refer a student. Allows a school psychologist to make referrals to physical therapists for mandated school services.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Kids first trust fund board subsidiary corporation.. Description: Kids first trust fund board subsidiary corporation. Provides that the members of the Indiana kids first trust fund board (board) serve terms of four years (rather than two years under current law) and provides for the terms of the appointed members of the board to be staggered. Provides that at least two meetings of the board each year must be conducted with at least a quorum of the members of the board. Provides that not later than 10 days after a meeting of the board, the board shall post a draft of the minutes of the meeting on the board's Internet web site. Requires the board to study to the topic of establishing a nonprofit subsidiary corporation and provide a report to the general assembly with the board's findings. Allows the board to create a nonprofit subsidiary corporation to solicit and accept private funding, gifts, donations, bequests, devises, and contributions.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Sexual assault victims' rights.. Description: Sexual assault victims' rights. Provides rights to sexual assault victims, including the right to: (1) speak with a victim advocate or victim service provider, if available, and a victims assistance or a social worker, if a victim advocate or victim service provider is not available, before a forensic medical exam or during the course of an investigation; (2) the collection of sexual assault forensic evidence; and (3) notice. Requires a provider, before commencing a forensic medical examination, or as soon as possible, to notify a victim advocate or victim service provider, if available, or victims assistance or a social worker, if a victim advocate or victim service provider is not available.
In 2021, Indiana passed a bill titled: Zoning and housing matters.. Description: Zoning and housing matters. Amends a statute concerning manufactured homes (manufactured home statute) to provide, with respect to a manufactured home located outside of a mobile home community, as follows: (1) A comprehensive plan or zoning ordinance adopted by a unit of local government may: (A) specify aesthetic standards and requirements concerning the manufactured home's permanent foundation system; and (B) require compatibility of the manufactured home's permanent foundation system with surrounding residential structures. (2) A unit of local government may not require: (A) a permanent foundation system that is incompatible with the structural design of the manufactured home; or (B) more than one permanent foundation system for a manufactured home. Specifies that the changes to the manufactured home statute do not affect a requirement applicable to property that is subject to the jurisdiction of a preservation commission. Provides that a unit of local government may not adopt or enforce certain ordinances, regulations, requirements, or other restrictions that mandate size requirements for a manufactured home that is placed in a mobile home community. Provides that, subject to certain conditions, an industrialized residential structure may be located in a mobile home community. Requires a mobile home community operator (operator) to provide all owners of mobile homes, manufactured homes, or industrialized residential structures in a mobile home community with written notice not less than 180 days before the mobile home community's closure. Provides that an operator who violates the notice requirement commits a deceptive act that is actionable by the attorney general or a consumer. Prohibits a unit of local government from regulating certain aspects of a landlord-tenant relationship with respect to privately owned real property located in the unit unless the regulation is authorized by the general assembly. Prohibits a landlord from taking certain retaliatory actions in response to a tenant's engaging in one or more enumerated protected activities. Prohibits a local unit from adopting or enforcing any ordinance or regulation concerning retaliatory acts by landlords. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Representative Dave Frizzell.. Description: Honoring Representative Dave Frizzell.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Mine reclamation tax credit.. Description: Mine reclamation tax credit. Provides a tax credit for a taxpayer that enters into an agreement with the Indiana economic development corporation (corporation) for a qualified investment for development of property located on reclaimed coal mining land. Provides for the assignment of the credit by a taxpayer to certain lessees. Provides that a taxpayer is not entitled to the credit if the corporation determines that the taxpayer has substantially reduced or ceased its operations in Indiana in order to relocate them within the mine reclamation site. Provides that Spencer County is subject to a provision of the area planning law concerning urban areas.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Clarksville food and beverage tax.. Description: Clarksville food and beverage tax. Authorizes the town of Clarksville to adopt a town food and beverage tax. Provides that the tax rate may not exceed 1%. Provides that money received from the tax shall be distributed by the treasurer of state to the town of Clarksville. Specifies the uses to which receipts from the food and beverage tax may be applied.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Administration of the broadband ready program.. Description: Administration of the broadband ready program. Provides that the office of community and rural affairs, rather than the Indiana economic development corporation, administers the broadband ready communities development center.
In 2020, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Various election matters.. Description: Various election matters. Requires the election division instead of the Indiana election commission to prescribe a uniform generic seal for use on certain ballots when the circuit court clerk is a candidate on the ballot. Provides that a candidate for the office of attorney general may not have been disbarred in Indiana or suspended from the practice of law in Indiana for at least 30 days without automatic reinstatement at any time during the period of five years before taking office. Provides that if the individual who holds the office of attorney general is disbarred in Indiana or suspended from the practice of law in Indiana for at least 30 days, the individual forfeits the office and a vacancy in the office exists. Requires certification by the county chairman of a candidate in a political party primary or town convention if the candidate cast a nonpartisan ballot at the most recent primary election in which the candidate voted beginning in January, 2021. Updates municipal primary dates. Prohibits the printing of an independent or political party device on a ballot under specified circumstances. Specifies ballot placement of names when there are both at-large and district candidates. Specifies that language in a public question not contain beginning and ending quotation marks. Adds references to the Porter County election board. Adds references to instances in which an absentee ballot may be recast. Adds references to vote centers. Specifies a procedure for folding ballots when voting in front of an absentee voter board. Specifies a comparison of signature upon receipt of an absentee ballot and time frame. Sets forth a procedure if a county election board does not unanimously determine that an absentee ballot signature is genuine. States that the position of an absentee ballot counter or a provisional ballot counter is not a lucrative office for purposes of the state Constitution. Authorizes the secretary of state to establish a pilot program during the May, 2020 primary for testing of a voting system. Requires precinct returns to be sent to the director of the board of elections and registration if the counting location is outside the county. Allows a member of the Indiana election commission to appoint a proxy, and specifies the process and limitations. Adds a Level 6 felony for inducing  or procuring another person to vote or refrain from voting for or against a candidate or public question at: (1) a caucus; or (2) the appointment of a candidate by a political party chairman or central committee officer; by giving, offering, or promising a person money or other property. Changes certification of a question on a referendum from 60 days to 74 days. Repeals language concerning absentee ballots (moving some language to central voting statutes) and repeals certain absentee voter boards.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Prohibited technology purchases.. Description: Prohibited technology purchases. Defines "prohibited person" as a person that has been designated as posing a national security threat to the integrity of communications networks or the communications supply chain under a Federal Communications Commission rule. Prohibits money appropriated by the general assembly or a political subdivision from being granted to or used to purchase or obtain any equipment or services produced or provided by a prohibited person.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Election cybersecurity.. Description: Election cybersecurity. Requires counties to enter into an agreement with the secretary of state to use a threat intelligence and enterprise security company designated by the secretary of state for specified security purposes. Provides that this requirement expires January 1, 2023. Requires an employee or agent of a circuit court clerk, a county election board, or a board of registration to meet certain proficiency standards to be qualified to access the statewide voter registration system. Requires applicants for certification of voting systems and electronic poll books to include information regarding: (1) the batteries used in the voting system or electronic poll book, and any peripherals; (2) a planned replacement schedule for the batteries, and (3) plans to test batteries; and (4) plans for emergency replacement of batteries that fail on election day or during the 30 days before election day. Provides that the number of voting systems to be examined in a public test is based on the number of voting system units scheduled by the county election board to be used in the upcoming election. Requires a single list instead of two lists for testing by counties before elections and sets forth selection requirements for testing. Provides that if a county uploads unofficial precinct election results to the statewide voter registration system before certification of the final results, the county must use a universal serial bus (USB) drive that contains anti-malware protection features or other approved data storage transfer methods. Provides that: (1) if a direct record electronic voting system contains a voter verifiable paper audit trail, the precinct election board is not required to print out the paper audit trail in preparing the certificates setting forth the number of votes cast for a candidate or on a public question in the precinct; and (2) the certificates set forth the official votes cast by the voters of the precinct. Provides that after December 31, 2020, an electronic poll book may not display whether a voter's registration record is in active or inactive status. Provides that in a recount or contest proceeding, the information set forth on the voter verifiable paper audit trail may be used as evidence for a recount commission or a court to determine the votes cast for a candidate or on a public question in the precinct. Permits the secretary of state to issue orders (rather than adopting administrative rules) to: (1) designate elections to be subject to a risk-limiting audit or procedure audits conducted after the election; and (2) to administer risk-limiting audits.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Public employees deferred compensation plan.. Description: Public employees deferred compensation plan. Amends the notice requirement in the statute concerning the public employees deferred compensation plan to provide that notice to an employee of the provisions of the statute: (1) is not required to be in writing; (2) is not required to be provided to the employee with the employee's first paycheck (assumed by the statute to be a paper paycheck); and (3) must include the contact information of the plan administrator, instead of the contact information of the auditor of state.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Survivors' benefits.. Description: Survivors' benefits. Provides that a participant in the state excise police, gaming agent, gaming control officer, and conservation enforcement officers' retirement plan (EG&C plan) who dies after January 31, 2018, is not required to have a minimum number of years of creditable service in the EG&C plan at the time of the participant's death in order for the participant's nominated survivor to be entitled to receive survivors' benefits. Provides that if a participant in the EG&C plan dies in the line of duty after January 31, 2018, the participant's nominated survivor is entitled to an annual survivors' allowance for life equal to 100% of the amount to which the participant would have been entitled had the participant retired with 25 years of service at 50 years of age. Provides that in the EG&C plan if: (1) an active participant regardless of the participant's years of creditable service and (2) an inactive participant with at least 15 years of creditable service dies other than in the line of duty after January 31, 2018, the participant's nominated survivor is entitled to an annual survivors' allowance for life equal to 50% of the amount to which the participant would have been entitled had the participant retired with 25 years of service at 50 years of age. Makes technical corrections. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the interim study committee on pension management oversight.)
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Study committee review of food and beverage taxes.. Description: Study committee review of food and beverage taxes. Requires each political subdivision or other entity that imposes a food and beverage tax to annually report information concerning distributions and expenditures of amounts received from the food and beverage tax. Urges the legislative council to assign to the fiscal policy interim study committee the task of conducting a review of each food and beverage tax statute, including: (1) the purposes for which revenue from each food and beverage tax may be used; and (2) the expiration date of each food and beverage tax, if any.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Nonprofit agricultural organization coverage.. Description: Nonprofit agricultural organization coverage. Authorizes a nonprofit agricultural organization to provide health benefit coverage that is: (1) sponsored by the nonprofit agricultural organization or its affiliate; (2) offered only to members of the nonprofit agricultural organization and their families; (3) deemed by the nonprofit agricultural organization to be important in assisting its members to live long and productive lives; and (4) offered in every county in Indiana. Provides that nonprofit agricultural organization coverage is not insurance and is not subject to the regulatory authority of the department of insurance, and that a nonprofit agricultural organization providing health coverage is not engaged in the business of insurance and is not required to obtain a certificate of authority. Provides that an individual may not apply for health coverage provided by a nonprofit agricultural organization until the individual has been a member of the nonprofit agricultural organization for at least 30 days. Mandates that the health coverage cover ambulatory patient services, hospitalization, emergency services, and laboratory services, and provides that the coverage may not be subject to an annual limit of less than $2,000,000 per year. Requires a nonprofit agricultural organization offering health coverage: (1) to annually file with the department of insurance a written, signed opinion of a qualified actuary that the plan reserves of the nonprofit agricultural organization and its affiliate are adequate and conform to the appropriate actuarial standards of practice; and (2) to reinsure all or a portion of its risks. Provides that an individual entering into a health coverage contract with a nonprofit agricultural organization must acknowledge in a signed writing that the coverage: (1) is not considered insurance; and (2) is not subject to the administrative rules of the department of insurance.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Sale of companion animals.. Description: Sale of companion animals. Prohibits the sale of a companion animal unless the companion animal: (1) is at least eight weeks of age; and (2) has received appropriate vaccinations. Makes a violation a Class C infraction for every animal unlawfully sold, and increases the penalty to a Class B infraction if the person has a prior judgment for an unlawful sale. Defines "unfit for sale" and provides remedies for a person who purchases a companion animal that was unfit for sale or that was the subject of misrepresentations concerning the animal's age or medical history.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Elkhart County courts.. Description: Elkhart County courts. Provides that the board of county commissioners shall provide the circuit court clerk with an office at: (1) the county seat; or (2) in Elkhart County, any other place in the county as the board of county commissioners may provide; in a building provided for that purpose. Provides that each division of the circuit court or superior court of Elkhart County shall hold sessions at: (1) the courthouse of the county; or (2) any other place in the county as the board of county commissioners may provide.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Controlled projects.. Description: Controlled projects. Amends the definition of a "controlled project" to exclude projects exclusively for engineering, land and right-of-way acquisition, construction, resurfacing, maintenance, restoration, and rehabilitation of: (1) local road and street systems; (2) arterial road and street systems; and (3) any combination of local and arterial road and street systems; including bridges that are designated as being in a road and street system. Provides that the restrictions on supporting a position on a controlled project apply to any political subdivision that has assessed value within the same taxing district as the political subdivision proposing the project. Provides that nothing shall prevent another political subdivision that has assessed value within the same taxing district as the political subdivision from adopting a resolution or taking a position on a local public question.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Inpatient mental health care for Medicaid children.. Description: Inpatient mental health care for Medicaid children. Requires a managed care organization to allow a child Medicaid recipient who has been certified for admission to a psychiatric hospital to be provided certain services that are determined by a treating physician to be necessary for the child for up to five business days before the managed care organization may require a continued review process.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Drug scheduling.. Description: Drug scheduling. Adds new scheduled drugs (including emergency scheduled drugs) to the statutory drug schedules. Defines "isomer". Defines "narcotic" to include opium esters, ethers, and salts of isomers, esters, and ethers. Makes other changes and conforming amendments. Makes a technical correction.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Career and technical education clusters.. Description: Career and technical education clusters. Requires the state board of education (state board) to approve, for purposes of career and technical education graduation pathways, a career and technical education cluster that allows students to acquire knowledge and skills related to employment in the electric, natural gas, communications, water, and wastewater utility industries. Requires the governor's workforce cabinet (cabinet), in consultation with the state board, department of education, and department of workforce development, to create course sequences for the career and technical education cluster. Provides that, in creating one or more course sequences concerning the utility career cluster, the cabinet shall: (1) consider the impact of course sequences on long term outcomes of students; and (2) prioritize course sequences that lead to high wage, high demand jobs. Provides that certain requirements apply to career clusters approved or amended and course sequences created or amended after July 1, 2020. Requires the cabinet to: (1) collect data each year regarding approved career clusters and course sequences to inform decision making around approving, creating, and amending current and future career clusters and course sequence requirements; and (2) prepare and submit, not later than November 1 of each year, a report to the legislative council regarding the collected data.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Recovery of litigation expenses.. Description: Recovery of litigation expenses. Provides that attorney's fees may be awarded against a governmental entity in a case where a court finds that the claim brought by the governmental entity was frivolous, unreasonable, or groundless, but provides that the application of the law to governmental entities may not be interpreted to waive sovereign immunity. Includes individuals in the list of parties that may seek reasonable fees and expenses in a civil suit against a state agency. Increases the amount of fees and expenses awarded against a state agency from $10,000 to $25,000, and from $30,000 to $75,000, if more than three parties in a case are eligible for an award.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Driver's license suspensions.. Description: Driver's license suspensions. Repeals certain driving privilege suspensions when a motor vehicle is used in dealing certain controlled substances.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Worker's compensation.. Description: Worker's compensation. Increases benefits for injuries and disablements by 2% each year for three years, beginning on July 1, 2020.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Medical payment coverage.. Description: Medical payment coverage. Specifies that medical payment coverage is supplemental to coverage under a health plan, but does not require a health plan to provide greater benefits to an individual with medical payment coverage than an individual without medical payment coverage. Preserves rights of subrogation available under a health plan.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Deposition of a child victim.. Description: Deposition of a child victim. Defines "child victim" as a child less than 16 years of age who is the victim of a sex offense, and specifies that a child victim has the right to confer with a representative of the prosecuting attorney's office before being deposed. Repeals and replaces the current statute concerning the deposition of a child with a new statute that provides that a defendant may only depose a child victim if the prosecuting attorney agrees to the deposition or if a court authorizes the deposition. Establishes a procedure for a court to use to determine whether to authorize the deposition of a child victim, and to specify the manner in which the deposition may be conducted. Provides that an order authorizing the deposition of a child must expressly prohibit the presence of the person accused of committing the offense against the child unless certain conditions apply and the presence of the accused is necessary to preserve the person's rights under the United States or Indiana constitution. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Mr. Joe Micon on the occasion of his retirement.. Description: Congratulating Mr. Joe Micon on the occasion of his retirement.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Compliance with coverage parity requirements.. Description: Compliance with coverage parity requirements. Requires an insurer that issues a policy of accident and sickness insurance or a health maintenance organization contract that provides coverage of services for treatment of a mental illness or substance abuse to annually submit a report and analysis to the department of insurance (department) that includes certain information demonstrating its compliance with federal laws regarding parity in coverage of services for treatment of a mental illness or substance abuse and coverage of services for treatment of other medical or surgical conditions, including the processes used: (1) to develop medical necessity criteria for coverage of services; and (2) to develop and apply nonquantitative treatment limitations. Requires an insurer that issues a policy of accident and sickness insurance or a health maintenance organization contract that provides coverage for services for treatment of substance abuse to take certain actions with respect to prescription drugs approved for the treatment of substance abuse. Requires the department to adopt rules to ensure compliance with federal laws regarding parity in coverage. Requires the department to submit before March 1, 2021, a report to the general assembly detailing the steps taken to ensure insurers' compliance with state and federal laws regarding parity in coverage.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Search warrants.. Description: Search warrants. Provides that a warrant authorizing a search, testing, or other analysis of an item is deemed executed when the item is seized. Provides that a warrant return is sufficient if the return contains a statement indicating that the item was seized by a law enforcement officer.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Testing of school drinking water for lead.. Description: Testing of school drinking water for lead. Requires testing of the drinking water in every school building in Lake County at least once in each period of two calendar years to determine whether the drinking water exceeds the lead action level for drinking water established by regulations of the United States Environmental Protection Agency.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Disclosure of personal information to offender.. Description: Disclosure of personal information to offender. Amends the access to public records act to provide that personal information regarding a correctional officer, probation officer, community corrections officer, law enforcement officer, judge, crime victim, or their family members may be withheld from disclosure when requested by a person confined in a prison, county jail, detention facility, or in a community corrections program as a result of the person's arrest or conviction for a crime, or that person's agent or relative. (Currently the law permits withholding personal information of officers, judges, victims, or their family members, if the information is requested by a person incarcerated in a penal institution after conviction for a crime.) Provides that the term "agent" does not include an attorney in good standing admitted to the practice of law in Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) requirements.. Description: Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) requirements. Requires all students, except for students at certain nonpublic schools, in their senior year to complete and submit the FAFSA unless: (1) a parent of a student or a student, if the student is an emancipated minor, signs a waiver that the student understands what the FAFSA is and declines to complete it; or (2) the principal of the student's high school waives the requirement due to extenuating circumstances. Requires that the: (1) model notice prepared by the commission for higher education; and (2) notice that each school corporation is required to send; regarding the FAFSA include information regarding the requirements and exceptions for completing the FAFSA.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Equine dentistry.. Description: Equine dentistry. Provides that an individual who performs teeth floating on horses is exempt from the licensing or special permit requirements of the veterinary medicine laws if the individual has a valid certification from the International Association of Equine Dentistry or an equivalent certification approved by the board of veterinary medicine and acts under the direct supervision of a licensed veterinarian when administering a sedative drug to a horse before performing teeth floating on the horse. Specifies that an individual who performs teeth floating may not administer a sedative drug to a horse before performing teeth floating on the horse unless the individual administers the sedative drug to the horse under the direct supervision of a licensed veterinarian.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Maintenance of regulated drains.. Description: Maintenance of regulated drains. Provides that a permit is not required from the Indiana department of environmental management for the maintenance or reconstruction of a regulated drain in accordance with certain best management practices for purposes of the law concerning state regulated wetlands, as long as the work takes place within the current easement and the reconstruction does not substantially change the characteristics of the drain to perform the function for which it was designed and constructed.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Leasing of local unit property.. Description: Leasing of local unit property. Provides that a political subdivision may lease real property of the political subdivision that is located between the curb of a street and the front of commercial property, including a parkway strip, tree row, verge, or sidewalk, to the owner or property manager of the commercial property: (1) upon terms agreed to between the political subdivision and the property owner or property manager; and (2) without competitive bidding. Specifies requirements for the lease. Provides that upon execution of the lease, the property of the political subdivision shall be under the maintenance, control, and supervision of the property owner or the property manager, subject to the public's right to use the sidewalk as a walkway. Requires the  lessee to: (1) assume the liability of the political subdivision for personal injuries and property damage to third parties occurring on the property; and (2) maintain insurance coverage in amount determined sufficient by the political subdivision. Requires the lease to be approved by at least a two-thirds vote of the members of the fiscal body of the political subdivision and recorded in the office of the county recorder.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Care of city police officers and firefighters.. Description: Care of city police officers and firefighters. Provides that a city shall pay for the care of a police officer or firefighter who suffers an injury while performing the person's duty or while the person is on duty or who contracts illness caused by the performance of the person's duty.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various human services matters.. Description: Various human services matters. Removes obsolete references to Larue D. Carter Memorial Hospital. Amends the definition of "early intervention services" to include additional services and qualified personnel for purposes of the infants and toddlers with disabilities program. Requires child care ministries to have at least one individual who maintains a CPR certification present at all times that a child is in the care of the child care ministry and requires employees and volunteers who are caregivers to maintain current first aid certification.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Coverage for breast prostheses.. Description: Coverage for breast prostheses. Provides that a state employee health plan providing coverage for a mastectomy must also provide coverage for: (1) reconstructive surgery incident to the mastectomy, including all stages of reconstruction of the breast on which the mastectomy was performed and surgery and reconstruction of the other breast to produce symmetry; and (2) custom fabricated breast prostheses, including one additional breast prosthesis per breast affected by the mastectomy. Provides that a policy of accident and sickness insurance or health maintenance organization contract providing coverage for a mastectomy must also provide coverage for custom fabricated breast prostheses, including one additional breast prosthesis per breast affected by the mastectomy.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Pharmacy benefit managers.. Description: Pharmacy benefit managers. Requires a pharmacy benefit manager to obtain a license issued by the department of insurance and sets forth requirements of the pharmacy benefit manager. Provides for the commissioner of the department of insurance to adopt rules to specify licensure, financial and other standards, and reporting requirements that apply to a pharmacy benefit manager. Sets forth requirements and prohibitions of a pharmacy benefit manager. Allows a party that has contracted with a pharmacy benefit manager to request an audit of compliance at least one time per year. Makes violations of the chapter concerning pharmacy benefit managers an unfair or deceptive act or practice in the business of insurance. Allows a pharmacy benefit manager to obtain the license not later than December 31, 2020, in order to do business in Indiana and provide services for any health provider contract beginning January 1, 2021. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the interim study committee on public health, behavioral health, and human services.)
In 2020, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Physicians who leave an employer.. Description: Physicians who leave an employer. Provides that a physician noncompete agreement, to be enforceable, must contain the following provisions: (1) A provision requiring the physician's employer to provide the physician with a copy of any notice that: (A) concerns the physician's departure; and (B) was sent to a patient seen or treated by the physician during the two years preceding the termination of the physician's employment or expiration of the departing physician's contract. (2) A provision requiring the physician's employer to provide current or last known contact and location information to a patient seen or treated by the physician during the two years preceding the termination of the physician's employment or expiration of the physician's contract. (3) A provision providing the physician whose employment has terminated or whose contract has expired with the option to purchase a complete and final release from the terms of an enforceable noncompete agreement at a reasonable price. (4) A provision prohibiting the providing of medical records to the physician in a format differing from the format used to create or store the medical record during the ordinary course of business. Provides for information and notification that an employer must give to: (1) a physician who leaves the employment of the provider; and (2) certain patients who request the physician's contact information. Allows a person or entity responsible for copying or transferring a medical record to charge a reasonable fee.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Teacher supplemental pay.. Description: Teacher supplemental pay. Establishes additional circumstances for which a school corporation may provide supplemental payments to teachers in excess of the salary specified in the school corporation's compensation plan. Provides that a teacher rated improvement necessary in the teacher's annual performance evaluation is eligible to receive a partial raise or increment. (Current law provides that such a teacher may not receive a raise or increment.) Relocates provisions regarding supplemental payments for teachers.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Mental health services.. Description: Mental health services. Requires a school corporation, charter school, or accredited nonpublic school to certify to the department of homeland security that the school corporation, charter school, or accredited nonpublic school has a memorandum of understanding in place with a community mental health center or provider certified or licensed by the state to provide mental and behavioral health services to students before applying for a grant from the Indiana secured school fund. Provides that the community mental health center or provider may be employed by the school corporation, charter school, or accredited nonpublic school. Requires a school corporation and a charter school to enter into a memorandum of understanding with a community mental health center or provider certified or licensed by the state to provide mental and behavioral health services to students. Requires the division of mental health and addiction to develop a memorandum of understanding for referral and assist school corporations and charter schools in obtaining a memorandum of understanding with a community mental health center or an appropriate provider. Requires each school corporation and charter school that enters into a memorandum of understanding with a community mental health center or appropriate provider to comply with certain confidentiality and referral requirements.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Exploitation of dependents and endangered adults.. Description: Exploitation of dependents and endangered adults. Defines "person in a position of trust" and "self-dealing". Provides that a: (1) person commits exploitation of a dependent or an endangered adult if the person recklessly uses or exerts control over the personal services or property of an endangered adult or dependent; and (2) person in a position of trust commits exploitation of a dependent or an endangered adult if the person recklessly engages in self-dealing with the property of the dependent or endangered adult. Increases the penalty if the person has a prior unrelated conviction. Removes: (1) provisions relating to the Social Security Act; (2) a sentencing enhancement that applies if the victim is at least 60 years of age; and (3) a sentencing enhancement based on the value of the property.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNAs).. Description: Honoring Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNAs).
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Water and wastewater utilities.. Description: Water and wastewater utilities. Amends the law allowing the adjustment of a water or wastewater utility's rates and charges to enable the utility to recover the cost of eligible infrastructure improvements, by providing that the general maximum limit on the revenues used in determining the adjustment does not apply to infrastructure improvement costs associated with the construction, reconstruction, or improvement of a highway, street, or road. Amends the law that allows a public water utility to treat the costs of  replacing customer-owned lead service lines as eligible infrastructure improvements for which a utility's rates and charges may be adjusted, by providing that the law applies to municipally owned utilities as well as public utilities. Establishes a procedure under which a public utility, municipally owned utility, or not-for-profit utility that provides water or wastewater service to the public and is under the jurisdiction of the commission for the approval of rates and charges may seek to recover, through a periodic rate adjustment, the cost of certain utility plant or equipment expenditures that are related to compliance with environmental requirements or made for health, safety, or environmental protection purposes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Insulin drugs.. Description: Insulin drugs. Repeals a provision that requires an individual to possess a prescription to purchase an insulin drug.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Courts and judicial officers.. Description: Courts and judicial officers. Provides that the interim study committee on courts and the judiciary (committee) shall review, consider, and make recommendations concerning requests for new courts, new judicial officers, and changes in jurisdiction of existing courts in each even-numbered year. Specifies the information that must be provided to the committee with such a request. Provides that in each even-numbered year the committee shall: (1) identify each county in which the number of courts or judicial officers exceeds the number used by the county for a particular year; and (2) determine the number of years in which the number of courts or judicial officers in the county has exceeded the number used by the county. Requires the office of judicial administration to post the required information on its Internet web site. Establishes the Clark circuit courts No. 5 and No. 6, beginning January 1, 2025. Provides for the election of the judges of each of these circuit courts at the November 2024 general election. Establishes the Clark superior courts No. 5 and No. 6. Requires the governor to appoint the judge of each of these superior courts. Provides that each of these superior courts converts to Clark circuit courts No. 5 and No. 6 beginning January 1, 2025. Establishes a sixth circuit court in Delaware County. Removes the requirement that Delaware circuit courts No. 4 and No. 5 each have a standard small claims and misdemeanor docket. Establishes a third superior court in Marshall County. Allows the judges of the Gibson superior court and Gibson circuit court to jointly appoint a magistrate to serve the Gibson County courts. Allows the judges of the Hamilton circuit and superior courts to jointly appoint an additional magistrate to serve the Hamilton County courts. Allows the judges of the Jennings circuit and superior courts to jointly appoint a magistrate to serve the Jennings County courts. Requires the Indiana criminal justice institute to: (1) collect data concerning rates of rearrest of defendants released with and without money bail; and (2) submit an annual report containing the information collected to the legislative council. Urges the legislative council to assign to the committee the topic of giving mutual full faith and credit to judgments and orders of a tribal court of a federally recognized Indian tribe.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Aviation safety.. Description: Aviation safety. Provides that INDOT shall not issue a permit for construction or alteration of an energy facility that will result in a structure that is more than 200 feet above ground level at its site unless the applicant for the permit submits to INDOT documentation of a formal review by the Clearinghouse of the proposed construction or alteration indicating: (1) that the formal review resulted in a determination that the construction or alteration will not have an adverse impact on military operations and readiness; or (2) that: (A) the formal review resulted in a determination that the proposed project will have an adverse impact on military operations and readiness; and (B) the applicant has either resolved the adverse impact to the satisfaction of the United States Department of Defense or entered into a mitigation agreement with the United States Department of Defense to mitigate the adverse impact. Provides that a person that is a public use airport owner or operator has standing to obtain judicial review or to intervene in a proceeding for judicial review of a zoning decision that may have a negative impact on the safety of civilian or military flight operations to or from the airport.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Firefighter safety.. Description: Firefighter safety. Requires the board of firefighting personnel standards and education to establish best practices to improve safety and health outcomes for firefighters. Establishes the best practices fund for the purpose of providing matching grants to political subdivisions and volunteer fire departments to purchase equipment and other gear to implement best practices. Provides that the worker's compensation rating bureau of Indiana may recommend a premium or rate discount toward worker's compensation insurance to political subdivisions and volunteer fire departments that implement best practices.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Child services reports.. Description: Child services reports. Requires the department of child services (department) to prepare a report containing the following information for fiscal years 2018, 2019, and 2020: (1) Information regarding the department's expenditures, categorized according to the case type to which the expenditures are attributable. (2) Any other available information relevant to identifying cost drivers and trends for the department. Requires the department to submit the report, not later than November 1, 2020, to: (1) the members of the interim study committee on fiscal policy; (2) the members of the interim study committee on public health, behavioral health, and human services (study committee); and (3) the legislative council. Before November 1, 2020, requires the department to report to the study committee concerning the department's development, timeline, and implementation of the federal Family First Prevention Services Act.  Requires the report to include information on state expenditures and federal funding.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Film and media production incentives.. Description: Film and media production incentives. Provides the following effective July 1, 2021: (1) Authorizes the Indiana destination development corporation (corporation) to employ a film commissioner. (2) Authorizes the corporation to establish a film and media production incentive program. Requires the corporation, in coordination with the office of management and budget, to provide a report to the interim study committee on fiscal policy concerning: (1) film and media production incentives offered in other states; and (2) a recommendation on the type of incentive that should be offered in Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Specialized weapons training.. Description: Specialized weapons training. Provides that, before an employee or any other staff member of a school corporation, charter school, or nonpublic school, may carry a firearm in or on school property as authorized by a school board of the school corporation, charter school, or nonpublic school, the employee or staff member shall do the following: (1) Successfully complete certain specialized weapons training or other firearm training. (2) Provide proof to the school board that the employee or other staff member has successfully completed the training. (3) Complete the Minnesota multiphasic personality inventory 2 (MMPI-II) and provide the results from the inventory to the school board of the school corporation, charter school, or nonpublic school. Establishes requirements for specialized weapons training. Requires an employee or any other staff member of a school corporation, charter school, or nonpublic school to successfully complete sixteen hours of weapons training each year that the employee or staff member is authorized and intends to carry a firearm in or on school property. Provides that the specialized weapons training must be provided by a person or entity approved by the school board of the school corporation, charter school, or nonpublic school. Allows a school to barricade or block a door during an active shooter drill or during an active shooter emergency occurring in a school building.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Certified technology parks.. Description: Certified technology parks. Amends provisions that allow a certified technology park to capture an additional amount of incremental income taxes once it has reached its limit on deposits to do the following: (1) Increase the annual additional deposit amount from $100,000 to $500,000, and cap the total additional amount that may be captured at not more than $2,000,000. (2) Require a certified technology park to meet certain reporting and performance requirements in order to be eligible to capture the additional amount of incremental income taxes.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Teacher training.. Description: Teacher training. Requires the department of education to do the following: (1) Evaluate teacher training requirements in Indiana. (2) Prepare a report that includes recommendations for: (A) streamlining, combining, and reducing, as applicable, the teacher training requirements in Indiana; (B) the possibility of including teacher training requirements in teacher preparation programs; and (C) requiring, as appropriate, the completion of teacher training requirements in conjunction with the renewal of teacher licenses. (3) Not later than October 1, 2020, submit the report to the general assembly.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Administration of  211 services.. Description: Administration of  211 services. Transfers responsibility for the 211 human services information dialing code from the Indiana housing and community development authority (authority) to the office of the secretary of family and social services (office of the secretary). Eliminates provisions: (1) regarding recognized 211 service providers; (2) prohibiting state agencies or departments from establishing telephone lines or hotlines to provide human services information or referrals without first consulting a recognized 211 provider and notifying the authority; (3) prohibiting dissemination of information to the public about the availability of 211 services except in conformity with rules adopted by the authority; (4) limiting disbursements from the 211 services account to $50,000 annually; (5) requiring consultation with the board of directors of Indiana 211 Partnership, Inc., for purposes of preparation of the annual plan for expenditure of funds from the 211 services account; and (6) requiring an annual report to the general assembly regarding 211 services and deposits to and disbursements from the 211 services account. Creates the 211 services fund in place of the 211 services account. Creates the 211 advisory committee for purposes of advising the office of the secretary regarding use of and goals for 211 services. Requires the office of the secretary to: (1) compile specified data regarding 211 services beginning July 1, 2021; (2) enter into data sharing agreements to make the data available to entities approved by the office of the secretary; and (3) obtain and maintain accreditation for 211 operations in accordance with the standards of a national accreditation organization for information and referral services. Requires the office of the secretary to submit to the general assembly an annual report regarding 211 services. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Worker's compensation.. Description: Worker's compensation. Provides that for worker's compensation and occupational diseases compensation, not later than 14 days from the date that the first installment of compensation is due, an employer or the employer's insurance carrier must file with the worker's compensation board (board) a report of payment of compensation. (Current law provides that not later than 15 days from the date that the first installment of compensation is due, an employer or the employer's insurance carrier must file with the worker's compensation board a compensation agreement.) Provides that for worker's compensation and occupational diseases compensation, the presentation to the employee or to the employee's dependents of certain payments from the employer or the employer's insurance carrier is sufficient tender of the worker's compensation or occupational diseases compensation. Provides that for worker's compensation and occupational diseases coverage, an employer must notify certain employees of the employer's intent to terminate the employee's temporary total disability benefits, and for all instances of termination of benefits, file an electronic notice with the board. (Current law provides that an employer must notify an employee of the employer's intent to terminate temporary total disability benefits in cases not included in statute.) Provides that for worker's compensation and occupational diseases compensation for injuries occurring on or after July 1, 1991, compensation amounts determined for visual impairments shall be: (1) based on the Functional Vision Score; and (2) except in cases of permanent and complete loss of vision by enucleation, be paid as a whole person rating. (Current law provides that for injuries occurring on or after July 1, 1991, compensation amounts determined for: (1) permanent reduction of the sight of an eye less than a total eye loss shall be paid in an amount proportionate to the degree of a permanent reduction without correction or glasses; and (2) 100% loss of vision shall be paid for 50% of the total loss of vision without glasses, plus an additional amount equal to the proportionate amount of the reduction with glasses.) Removes from the compensation schedule for worker's compensation and occupational diseases compensation, for injuries occurring on or after July 1, 1991, that a reduction of vision to 1/10 of normal vision with glasses is 35 degrees of permanent impairment. Provides that the board may dispose of all papers for files when compensation has been awarded either by agreement or upon hearing two years after the termination of the compensation period for files related to worker's compensation and worker's occupational diseases compensation. (Current law provides for one year.) Provides that all records of insurance coverage related to worker's occupational diseases compensation shall be maintained for 35 years. (Current law provides the records be maintained for 45 years.)
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Indiana economic development corporation.. Description: Indiana economic development corporation. Provides that the secretary of commerce or the secretary's designee is a member of the Indiana defense task force and a member of the governor's workforce cabinet. Abolishes the Indiana office of defense development. Provides that if the governor is unable to chair a meeting of the Indiana economic development corporation board, the governor may designate a board member as acting chairperson. Provides that the secretary of commerce or the secretary's designee has certain duties currently assigned to the president of the Indiana economic development corporation to sign warrants drawn by the auditor of state. Provides that the term "taxpayer" includes an assignee as opposed to a lessee for purposes of the industrial recovery tax credit. Revises the terms for assigning an industrial recovery tax credit. Eliminates the tax credit for fostering of employment of students who participate in a course of study that includes a cooperative arrangement between an educational institution and an employer. Makes conforming changes for the elimination of the tax credit. (Under current law, the tax credit applied to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014, and before January 1, 2019.)
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Indiana behavioral health commission.. Description: Indiana behavioral health commission. Establishes the Indiana behavioral health commission (commission). Specifies the membership of the commission. Requires the commission to prepare: (1) an interim report not later than October 1, 2020; and (2) a final report not later than October 1, 2022. Specifies the issues and topics to be discussed in the commission reports. Requires commission reports to be issued to the following parties: (1) The governor. (2) The legislative council. (3) Any other party specified by the commission chairperson. Requires commission reports to be issued in an electronic format. Abolishes the commission on December 31, 2022. Defines certain terms. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring John Bundy.. Description: Honoring John Bundy.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Anatomical gift through hunting, fishing or trapping license.. Description: Anatomical gift through hunting, fishing or trapping license. Allows an individual to make an anatomical gift with a resident hunting, fishing, or trapping license. Requires the department to place an identifying symbol on the face of the resident license to hunt, fish, or trap that is issued to the individual. Requires the department of natural resources to adopt rules. Provides that revocation, suspension, expiration, or cancellation of the donor's license does not invalidate the anatomical gift. Provides that neither the state nor a organ recovery health care provider is civilly liable as a result of an individual making an unrevoked anatomical gift. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana enrolled a bill titled: Family and juvenile law matters.. Description: Family and juvenile law matters. Specifies that an "adult" is: (1) a person at least eighteen years of age; or (2) a: (A) married minor who is at least sixteen years of age; or (B) minor that has been completely emancipated by a court; for the purpose of marriage. Raises the minimum age to marry from 15 years of age to 16 years of age. Provides that an individual 16 years of age may marry only if: (1) the individual's intended spouse is not more than four years older than the individual; (2) a juvenile court has issued an order allowing the individual to marry; and (3) the individual: (A) completes any premarital counseling required under the order; (B) applies for a marriage license not earlier than 15 days after the order is issued; and (C) includes a certified copy of the order with the individual's application for a marriage license. Repeals provisions requiring an individual less than 18 years of age to obtain consent to marry from the individual's parent or guardian. Specifies a process an individual 16 years of age must follow to petition a juvenile court for an order allowing the individual to marry, and specifies conditions necessary for approval of the petition and conditions requiring denial of the petition. Provides that a court that issues an order allowing an individual 16 years of age to marry must also issue an order completely emancipating the individual. Amends the list of records or documents an individual may submit to a court clerk as proof of the individual's date of birth for purposes of applying for a marriage license. Provides that a relocating individual is not required to file a notice of intent to move with the clerk of the court for purposes of custody, parenting time, or grandparent visitation if: (1) the relocation has been addressed by a prior court order; or (2) the relocation will: (A) result in a decrease in the distance between the relocating individual's residence and the nonrelocating individual's residence; or (B) result in an increase of not more than 20 miles in the distance between the relocating individual's residence and the nonrelocating individual's residence. Provides that certain individuals can begin work at a child caring institution, group home, or child placing agency if: (1) the individual's: (A) in-state child protection index check; (B) national sex offender registry check; (C) in-state local law enforcement records check; and (D) fingerprint based check of national crime information data bases; have been completed; (2) the individual's: (A) out-of-state child abuse registry check; and (B) out-of-state local law enforcement records check; have been requested; and (3) the individual completes an attestation, under penalty of perjury, disclosing: (A) any abuse or neglect complaints made against the individual with the child welfare agency of a state other than Indiana in which the individual resided within the five years preceding the date of the attestation; and (B) any contact the individual had with a law enforcement agency in connection with the individual's suspected or alleged commission of a crime in a state other than Indiana in which the individual resided within the five years preceding the date of the attestation. Provides that before the individual's out-of-state abuse registry check and out-of-state local law enforcement records check have been completed, the individual's employment must be limited to employment training during which: (1) the individual does not have direct contact with a child; and (B) the individual is accompanied by an employee who meets certain requirements. Amends the law regarding petitions by minors for emancipation as follows: (1) Provides that a court hearing a minor's petition for emancipation must appoint a guardian ad litem for the minor. (2) Provides that the guardian ad litem shall investigate the statements contained in the minor's petition and file a report of the investigation with the court. (3) Provides that a court may grant a minor's petition for emancipation only if the court finds that emancipation is in the child's best interests. (4) Provides that if the court completely emancipates the child: (A) the child has all the rights and responsibilities of an adult; and (B) the emancipation order may not specify terms of emancipation. Provides that an emancipated child remains subject to: (1) Indiana law concerning minimum age for marriage; and (2) other specific constitutional and statutory age requirements applicable to the emancipated child because of the emancipated child's age.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Law enforcement officers and handguns in a casino.. Description: Law enforcement officers and handguns in a casino. Defines "licensed facility" to include gambling game facilities, satellite facilities, riverboats, and property that contains both a gambling game facility and a racetrack with live horse racing. Defines "law enforcement officer" to also include an off-duty law enforcement officer and a qualified retired law enforcement officer under 18 U.S.C. 926C. Requires the gaming commission (commission) to adopt rules: (1) permitting a law enforcement officer to carry a handgun in a licensed facility; (2) requiring a law enforcement officer who is carrying a handgun to notify an enforcement agent or the commission that the law enforcement officer is carrying a handgun; (3) requiring the licensed facility to provide the law enforcement officer with a wristband or other identifiable item that will inform the licensed facility and its agents that the law enforcement officer is carrying a handgun; and (4) implementing a reasonable method to enforce the new rules. Provides that the commission is not prohibited from adopting its own rules or policies concerning the carrying of handguns by its employees or enforcement agents.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: County option circuit breaker tax credit.. Description: County option circuit breaker tax credit. Authorizes a county fiscal body to adopt an ordinance to provide a credit against property tax liability for qualified individuals. Defines a "qualified individual" for purposes of the credit. Provides that the ordinance may designate: (1) all of the territory of the county; or (2) one or more specific geographic territories within the county; as an area in which qualified individuals may apply for the credit. Provides that the credit amount is equal to the amount by which property taxes on the property increased by more than 2% from the prior year. Requires a qualified individual who desires to claim the credit to file a certified statement with the county auditor. Provides that the county auditor shall apply the credit in succeeding years after the certified statement is filed unless the auditor determines that the individual is no longer eligible for the credit or the county fiscal body rescinds the ordinance. Provides a penalty for wrongly receiving the credit that is the same as the penalty for wrongly receiving the homestead standard deduction.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the National Association of Women Business Owners of Indianapolis.. Description: Honoring the National Association of Women Business Owners of Indianapolis.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Extends the date by which public schools, including charter schools, and accredited nonpublic schools must provide age appropriate research and evidence based or research or evidence based instruction on child abuse and child sexual abuse to students. Provides that, beginning July 1, 2021, the department of workforce development must implement a new Indiana career explorer program (program). Establishes requirements for the program. Requires the department of workforce development to issue, not later than December 31, 2020, a request for proposals regarding the part of the program that includes educational and career assessments or tools. Amends grade levels to which certain career exploration models and career preparation models apply. Removes provisions regarding a pilot program for instruction in and use of the Indiana career explorer program and standards. Requires the department of education (department) to prepare and submit an annual report to the state board of education, general assembly, and commission for higher education regarding certain computer science metrics. Requires the department to post the report on its Internet web site.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Ninth Annual Bill Johnson Black Film Festival.. Description: Recognizing the Ninth Annual Bill Johnson Black Film Festival.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Fetal remains.. Description: Fetal remains. Requires the state department of health (state department) to develop forms that provide: (1) that a pregnant woman has a right after a surgical abortion to dispose of the remains by interment or cremation or have the provider dispose of the remains; and (2) that, after an abortion induced by an abortion inducing drug, the pregnant woman will expel an aborted fetus and set forth the disposition policy of the health care facility or abortion clinic concerning the disposition of the aborted fetus, including allowing a pregnant woman to return an aborted fetus to the health care facility or abortion clinic for disposition by interment or cremation. States that a pregnant woman who has an abortion has the right to have the health care facility or abortion clinic dispose of the aborted fetus by cremation or interment and to ask the health care facility or abortion clinic the method of disposition used. Requires the pregnant woman to inform the health care facility or abortion clinic of the pregnant woman's decision for disposition or, in the case of an abortion induced by an abortion inducing drug, whether the pregnant woman will return the aborted fetus to the health care facility or abortion clinic for disposition. Requires the health care facility or abortion clinic to dispose of the returned fetus by cremation or interment. Requires that a burial transit permit that includes multiple aborted fetal remains be accompanied by a log prescribed by the state department containing certain information, except in certain circumstances, about each fetus included under the burial transit permit.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Indigency determinations.. Description: Indigency determinations. Establishes a procedure for a criminal court to use in determining if a defendant is indigent. Provides that, if a court has ordered a defendant to pay part of the cost of representation, the court shall inquire at sentencing whether the defendant has paid the required amount. Specifies that a court may prorate fines, fees, and court costs based on the person's reasonable ability to pay. (The introduced version of this bill was prepared by the interim study committee on corrections and criminal code.)
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: National guard life insurance program.. Description: National guard life insurance program. Requires the adjutant general of the Indiana national guard to facilitate the state sponsored group term life insurance program for members of the Indiana national guard.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Employee misclassification.. Description: Employee misclassification. Requires the department of state revenue, the state department of labor, the worker's compensation board of Indiana, and the department of workforce development to report before November 1 of each year for three years, beginning November 1, 2020, to the interim study committee on employment and labor for the immediately preceding state fiscal year: (1) the number of employers that each department or the board determined during the immediately preceding state fiscal year improperly classified at least one worker as an independent contractor; (2) the total number of improperly classified workers employed by those employers; (3) the department's or board's calculation of actual revenue not collected or the additional costs to the state that the department or board attributes to the improperly classified workers; (4) the amount of the penalties and interest assessed against those employers by each department or the board, and the amount of the penalties and interest assessed that has been collected; and (5) the classification criteria used by the department to classify workers. Requires that the reports include only information in the form of aggregate statistics and not include information that can be used to identify specific employers or workers.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Coverage for PANDAS and PANS.. Description: Coverage for PANDAS and PANS. Requires a state employee health plan, a policy of accident and sickness insurance, and a health maintenance organization contract to provide coverage for pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infections (PANDAS) and pediatric acute-onset neuropsychiatric syndrome (PANS), including treatment with intravenous immunoglobulin therapy.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Parents with a disability.. Description: Parents with a disability. Specifies that it is the policy of the state to recognize the importance of family and children, including the parenting rights of a parent, regardless of whether the parent has a disability. Provides that the right of a person with a disability to parent the person's child may not be denied or restricted solely because the person has a disability. Establishes procedures to be used in proceedings concerning: (1) custody; (2) parenting time; (3) adoption; (4) foster care; and (5) guardianship; when a parent, prospective parent, prospective foster parent, or prospective guardian is a person with a disability. Requires the department of child services to implement disability awareness training. Provides for the expungement of information relating to the unlawful removal of a child from the home of a person with a disability. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Collection of veteran status information.. Description: Collection of veteran status information. Requires the family and social services administration, the department of education, the commission for higher education, and the professional licensing agency to include in an application for a benefit, financial assistance, a service, or a professional credential questions asking: (1) "Have you served in the armed forces of the United States or their reserves, in the National Guard, or in the Indiana National Guard?". (2) "Are you the surviving spouse of someone who served in the armed forces of the United States or their reserves, in the National Guard, or in the Indiana National Guard?". Provides that the applications must state that the applicant has the option to decline to answer the questions. Requires the agencies to keep the information submitted in a data base and to share the information with the Indiana department of veterans' affairs. Allows the Indiana department of veterans' affairs to use the shared information to develop outreach programs for veterans and their families.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Interstate commission transportation fund.. Description: Interstate commission transportation fund. Allows a community corrections agency to access funds from the county offender transportation fund to defray the cost of transporting offenders and delinquent children as requested by a court, a probation department, a community corrections agency, or a county sheriff.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Practitioner or accomplished practitioner license.. Description: Practitioner or accomplished practitioner license. Provides that 15 of the professional growth experience points required to renew a practitioner license or accomplished practitioner license may be obtained through one or more of certain professional development experiences. (Current law provides that 15 of the professional growth experience points required to renew a practitioner license or an accomplished practitioner license must be obtained through one or more of certain professional development experiences.) Amends the list of professional development experiences.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Withholding tax remittance.. Description: Withholding tax remittance. Provides that the department of state revenue (department) shall only accept payment of employer withholding taxes that are made or withdrawn directly from the business account of the employer that is liable for withholding and remitting the tax. However, provides an exception from the requirement for employers that submit a waiver to the department. Specifies provisions for the waiver. Prohibits the department from accepting payment of employer withholding taxes that are made or withdrawn from the account of a third party withholding agent, or otherwise remitted by a third party withholding agent, on behalf of an employer, except in the case of an employer that has submitted a waiver. Defines "third party withholding agent". Requires each employer that is required to remit withholding taxes to provide to the department an authorization for reoccurring payment of taxes from the employer's business account that is designated by the employer on the department's online INtax system (INtax). Requires the department to automatically withdraw from the employer's business account the amount of tax withholdings that are reported as due and owing on the taxpayer's Form WH-1 report. Requires the department to provide periodic notice to each employer through INtax of: (1) the date on which the employer's Form WH-1 report is received by the department; and (2) the date on which the department has automatically withdrawn any amount of tax from the employer's business account. However, provides an exception from these requirements for employers that submit a waiver to the department.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Micro market and vending machine fees.. Description: Micro market and vending machine fees. Provides that the annual permit fee for a micro market shall not exceed $60. Provides that the annual permit fee for a vending machine shall not exceed $8. Specifies that a political subdivision may not charge an installation fee for a micro market or vending machine. Provides that any provision of an ordinance, measure, enactment, rule, or policy or exercise of proprietary authority by a political subdivision or an employee or agent of a political subdivision acting in an official capacity that modifies or conflicts with the statutory requirements concerning: (1) annual micro market permit fees; (2) annual vending machine permit fees; or (3) micro market or vending machine installation fees; is void. Specifies that the annual renewal date for micro market and vending machine permit fees is June 1. Allows the person or entity responsible for the annual collection of micro market and vending machine permit fees to adjust or pro rate, as applicable, a micro market or vending machine permit fee for the purpose of synchronizing micro market and vending machine renewal cycles. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Reporting of consumer loans by unlicensed lenders.. Description: Reporting of consumer loans by unlicensed lenders. Requires a person, with certain exceptions, that is not required to be licensed with the department under the Uniform Consumer Credit Code to report to the department certain information concerning each consumer loan made to a debtor who is a resident of Indiana by the person after June 30, 2020. Authorizes the department to adopt rules to implement these provisions.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Mediation for state agencies and vendors.. Description: Mediation for state agencies and vendors. Requires the use of early mediation concerning a dispute between a state agency and a contractor.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: National guard license plates.. Description: National guard license plates. Extends eligibility for National Guard license plates to former members of the National Guard.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Election matters.. Description: Election matters. Allows (current law requires) the secretary of state and election division to assist a prosecuting attorney in prosecuting certain actions and allow the use of an attorney retained by the secretary of state or election division. Requires boards of elections and registration to attend election security meetings called by the election division. Requires the election division to instruct specified election officials on best practices in answering voters' questions on how to vote, including providing instructions on straight ticket voting. Requires the inclusion of language on a ballot or voting system to tell the voter that the voter is not required to vote a straight party ticket. Changes the time frame in which a voter list maintenance program must be conducted for certain special elections and in an election year other than a year in which a general election is conducted. Removes language that required NVRA officials to obtain voter registration information from certain states. Removes authorization for NVRA officials to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Kansas Secretary of State to compare voter registration data and voids the memorandum of understanding. Establishes the Indiana data enhancement association to be administered by the NVRA official for the administration of voter list maintenance programs and sets forth requirements. Requires a county voter registration office to determine whether an individual authorized the cancellation of any previous voter registration when the individual registered to vote in another state. Sets forth parameters for when a county voter registration office may rely on information provided by certain entities concerning voter registration from another state. Requires that a report by a county sheriff to the county voter registration office concerning individuals placed in a county correctional facility occur at least once a quarter. States that certain requirements for provisional ballots do not apply to provisional ballots cast: (1) under a court order extending the hours that the polls were open; (2) by a voter who is not on the poll list but indicates that the voter applied to register at a voter registration agency; (3) by a voter after the voter was challenged due to proof of identification; and (4) by a voter who was challenged solely due to failure to provide additional documentation. Requires a court to take evidence to determine whether a county election board filed written notice with the secretary of state and the election division concerning a petition to extend voting hours.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Criminal law issues.. Description: Criminal law issues. Provides that, if certain criminal penalties are increased (or, in the case of an infraction, imposed) due to a prior conviction or infraction committed by a defendant, the new offense must have been committed not later than 12 years from the later of the date: (1) of the conviction or infraction judgment; or (2) the person was released from incarceration, probation, or parole. Excludes certain crimes and classes of crimes from the 12 year lookback period. Specifies the duties of an operator of a boat who is involved in an accident or collision resulting in injury. Adds strangulation and domestic battery to the definition of "crimes of violence". Specifies that references to a conviction for Indiana offenses include: (1) an attempt to commit the offense; (2) a conspiracy to commit the offense; and (3) a substantially similar offense committed in another jurisdiction. Provides that credit earned by a person on pretrial home detention does not include accrued time. Makes it a crime to possess a firearm with an obliterated serial number (under current law, it is only a crime to possess a handgun with an obliterated serial number). Provides that a person who: (1) agrees with two or more persons to commit theft; and (2) performs an overt act in furtherance of the agreement; commits organized theft, a Level 6 felony. Prohibits a person who has been adjudicated a delinquent child for committing an act while armed with a firearm that would be a serious violent felony if committed by an adult (serious delinquent) from possessing a firearm unless the person is at least: (1) 26 years of age, in the case of less serious acts; or (2) 28 years of age, in the case of more serious acts. Makes possession of a firearm by a serious delinquent a Level 6 felony, and increases the penalty to a Level 5 felony for a second or subsequent offense. Requires a juvenile court to transmit certain findings to the office of judicial administration for transmission to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) upon a finding of delinquency for an act that would be a serious violent felony if committed by an adult. Allows a court to consider certain factors when evaluating a petition to expunge certain juvenile adjudications. Beginning July 1, 2021: (1) requires the office of judicial administration to collect and publish certain statistics related to the confiscation and retention of firearms; and (2) requires a court to provide certain information to the office of judicial administration after issuing a finding concerning a person's dangerousness. Provides that a person who knowingly makes a false report that another person is dangerous commits false informing, a Class B misdemeanor. Specifies that a person commits the offense of operating a vehicle with a controlled substance if the controlled substance is in the person's blood (rather than the person's body). Increases the penalty for operating a vehicle with a controlled substance in the person's blood if the person is transporting a child in the vehicle. Provides a defense to a "smokable hemp" offense if the hemp is carried in continuous transit from a licensed producer in another state through Indiana to a licensed handler in another state. Makes conforming amendments, reconciles conflicts, and makes technical corrections.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Various insurance and health care matters.. Description: Various insurance and health care matters. Requires the state personnel department to: (1) evaluate whether to offer state employees a health reimbursement arrangement benefit and consider the population of state employees to whom the benefit should be offered; and (2) report to the general assembly on the department's findings by November 1, 2020. Requires the office of the secretary of family and social services to study the feasibility of: (1) changing Indiana's Medicaid program to a block grant; (2) establishing a consumer-directed Medicaid pilot program; and (3) restructuring Medicaid payments for long term care. Requires a nonprofit hospital that deducts an amount for charity care that exceeds the Medicare reimbursement rate for the services to disclose in its annual report to the state department of health a breakdown of the components of the deduction that were taken by the nonprofit hospital in determining net patient revenue. Establishes limitations on covenants not to compete concerning physicians. Requires specified licensing boards to submit information and recommendations on various licensure matters. Allows a party to audit a pharmacy benefit manager with which it has a contract. Requires the department of insurance (department) to take certain action on association health plans in compliance with federal law. Sets forth requirements of short term insurance plans and insurers that issue these plans. Requires the department to examine various integration opportunities. Urges the legislative council to assign various topics for study during the 2020 legislative interim. Requires the department to assess the feasibility of allowing the sale of health insurance across state lines and a multistate reciprocity system. Requires specified agencies to report on Medicaid claim auditing and fraud. Requires the department and the secretary of family and social services to develop a framework for long term care insurance policies and sets requirements. Requires the attorney general to make recommendations on enhancing strict antitrust enforcement of anticompetitive practices. Requires the commission on higher education to provide an executive summary on medical training programs. Requires the department of workforce development to provide an executive summary on health worker supply needs. Requires the medical licensing board of Indiana to provide an executive summary concerning the creation and implementation of expedited licensure pathways. Requires the trustee of the net level Indiana trust fund to report on trust assets in health care related infrastructure. Requires the Indiana economic development corporation to provide a report concerning incentive programs related to health care infrastructure. Requires the department and the office of the secretary of family and social services to assess the feasibility of applying for federal 1332 waivers concerning the insurance market.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Hunter Wart.. Description: Honoring Hunter Wart.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Private property matters.. Description: Private property matters. Requires a conveyance, a mortgage, or an instrument of writing to be recorded to be: (1) acknowledged by the grantor; and (2) proven before certain specified individuals; in certain instances. Requires the summons accompanying a complaint for condemnation to include language regarding the defendant's right to object to the condemnation within 30 days from the date notice is served. Requires a court to award reasonable costs and attorney's fees to a defendant whose objection to a complaint for condemnation is sustained. Caps the amount of attorney's fees a court may award if an objection to a condemnation is sustained at $25,000. Exempts a condemnation action brought by a public utility or by a pipeline company from the bill's provisions requiring a court to award a defendant in a condemnation action the defendant's reasonable costs and attorney's fees if the defendant's objections to the proceedings are sustained in the proceedings or upon appeal. Requires a municipality to provide notice by mail to affected owners, both residents and nonresidents of the municipality, of a condemnation. Permits an affected owner to file an objection that a municipality does not have the right to exercise the power of eminent domain for the use sought. Amends the time for a remonstrance hearing for a municipal condemnation and the defendant's right to judicial review of the decision made at the hearing to 30 days. (Current law requires a remonstrance hearing to be set no less than 10 days after notice and the defendant to appeal the decision within 20 days.) Provides parties the right to appeal a court's judgment in the judicial review of a municipal condemnation. Revises the statute allowing a municipality to condemn property for economic development to require a 3/4 affirmative vote of the municipality's legislative body to exercise the power of eminent domain. (Current law requires a 2/3 affirmative vote of the municipality's legislative body.) Allows a property owner to challenge a condemnation for economic development purposes by providing clear and convincing evidence that the owner's parcel is not necessary for the project.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Pregnancy accommodation.. Description: Pregnancy accommodation. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the task of studying pregnancy and childbirth accommodations and the fiscal impact on businesses within Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Rural communications cooperatives.. Description: Rural communications cooperatives. Changes the rural telephone cooperative act to the rural communications cooperative act, allowing the formation of nonprofit cooperative corporations for the purposes of providing telecommunications service and information service, including video service, broadband service, and VOIP service. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Interim study committee on child services.. Description: Interim study committee on child services. Establishes the interim study committee on child services (committee). Provides that the committee shall: (1) study and review the progress and improvements made by the department of child services; (2) review best practices concerning child welfare, child mental health, and delinquent children; (3) receive and review status reports from the department of child services ombudsman; (4) review and study the department of child services child abuse and neglect hotline; (5) review and study ways to improve the long term viability of providers to provide coverage to children and families across the entire state; (6) review federal legislation and its impact on the state and ways to improve the delivery of services as it relates to meeting federal requirements; and (7) make legislative recommendations.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Students with disabilities.. Description: Students with disabilities. Provides that the department of education (department) must submit any guidance or recommendation to a school corporation or school that attempts to affect in any manner based on statewide assessment accommodations which instructional methods are included or excluded from the student's special education plan or program to the state board of education (state board) for approval. Provides that the department shall, to the extent permitted under federal law, provide the same text-to-speech, screen reader, or human reader and calculator accommodations to a student in grades 6 through 12 on every section of the statewide assessment program if that accommodation is provided as part of the student's special education plan or program. Provides that the state board, in consultation with The Arc of Indiana and the Indiana Council of Administrators of Special Education (ICASE), shall consult with one or more individuals who specialize in special education as part of the state board's oversight of the development and implementation of the Indiana's Learning Evaluation Assessment Readiness Network (ILEARN) program. Provides that a student's score on the statewide assessment may not be the primary factor or measure used to determine whether a student is eligible for a particular course or program. Establishes the Indiana standards and assessment accommodation task force to review: (1) the accommodations provided for by Indiana's statewide assessment to determine if appropriate accommodations are available to accurately measure a student's learning; and (2) the possibility of separating the academic standard of reading comprehension into a separate reading academic standard and a comprehension academic standard. Provides that the department, in consultation with The Arc of Indiana and ICASE, shall develop a notice for parents of certain students with disabilities that informs a parent that the student is not allowed to use certain accommodations on all or part of the statewide assessment. Provides that, not later than February 1, 2021, and not later than February 1, 2022, each public school, including each charter school, and each accredited nonpublic school shall do the following: (1) Provide the notice to the parent during the annual review of the student's special education plan or program. (2) If the parent does not attend the annual review, provide the notice to the parent by certified mail or personal delivery. (3) Discuss and determine, at the annual review of the student's special education plan or program in which a parent of the student participates, whether the student may be eligible to opt out of any applicable section of the statewide assessment. Provides that at least one member of the state board shall be a practicing licensed special education teacher or special education director at the time the member is appointed.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Central Indiana regional development authority.. Description: Central Indiana regional development authority. Authorizes counties and municipalities within the Indianapolis metropolitan area to establish a central Indiana regional development authority pilot that will sunset on July 1, 2025. Requires counties and municipalities that wish to establish the development authority to adopt substantially similar resolutions to adopt a preliminary strategic economic development plan (preliminary development plan). Provides that the development authority shall be governed by a strategy committee composed of members selected according to the terms of the preliminary development plan adopted to establish the development authority. Specifies the duties of the development authority. Requires the development authority to prepare a comprehensive strategic economic development plan. Codifies the establishment and governing provisions of the Indianapolis metropolitan planning organization. Requires the Indianapolis metropolitan planning organization to: (1) develop a comprehensive asset management report for the metropolitan planning area in collaboration with the Indiana department of transportation; and (2) present the comprehensive asset management report to the city-county council of Indianapolis and Marion County, the fiscal and legislative bodies of each entity that is a member of the Indianapolis metropolitan planning organization, and the budget committee.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Healthy food finance.. Description: Healthy food finance. Establishes the healthy food financing fund (fund) and healthy food financing program (program) under the administration of the Indiana housing and community development authority (IHCDA). Provides that the purpose of the fund is to provide financing in the form of loans or grants for projects that increase the availability of fresh and nutritious food in underserved communities. Defines an "underserved community" as a census tract determined to be an area with low supermarket access: (1) by the United States Department of Agriculture; or (2) as identified through a methodology used by another healthy food initiative. Provides that the IHCDA may contract with one or more nonprofit organizations or community development financial institutions to administer the program through a public-private partnership. Provides that an applicant for a grant or a loan must demonstrate the capacity to successfully implement the project and the ability to repay the loan. Provides that an applicant for a grant or a loan must agree to satisfy certain conditions. Requires the IHCDA to monitor projects receiving financing and submit a report annually to the legislative council that includes the number and types of jobs created, and the health initiatives associated with the program.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Business associations of real estate agents.. Description: Business associations of real estate agents. Allows a broker company to pay compensation directly to a business entity owned by a licensed broker that has been formed for the purpose of receiving compensation earned by the broker.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Interim study committee.. Description: Interim study committee. Urges the legislative council to assign the issue of liability and insurance coverage for nongovernmental entities that serve at-risk youth to an appropriate interim study committee.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Regulatory impact matters.. Description: Regulatory impact matters. Provides that, as part of the fiscal and management analysis of a bill, the legislative services agency shall indicate in the statement of fiscal impact prepared for the bill whether the bill includes one or more specified regulations affecting businesses. Requires the small business ombudsman, in coordination with the Indiana economic development corporation, the office of management and budget, and the department of workforce development (DWD), to submit: (1) an executive summary listing each state agency that may issue a license, and each of the specific license types that may be issued by each state agency; (2) an executive summary concerning the comparative advantages of regions across the state and strategies to promote small businesses and entrepreneurship; and (3) an executive summary with recommendations regarding regulatory oversight. Requires the Indiana professional licensing agency (IPLA) to prepare an executive summary concerning the portability and reciprocity of Indiana occupational licenses relative to other states. Requires the department of education (DOE), in coordination with the commission for higher education (CHE), to submit to the legislative council and the interim committee on commerce and economic development: (1) a report concerning the portability and reciprocity of Indiana teaching licenses relative to other states; and (2) an executive summary, and any recommendations, concerning portability and reciprocity of Indiana teaching licenses relative to other states. Requires the IPLA to: (1) identify bills enacted in the 2020 and 2021 legislative sessions that affect the portability and reciprocity of Indiana licenses relative to other states; and (2) issue to: (A) the legislative council; and (B) the interim committee on commerce and economic development; a report concerning the effect of the bills on the portability and reciprocity of Indiana licenses relative to other states. Requires the Indiana state board of education (state board), in consultation with the DOE, to issue an executive summary during the 2020 and 2021 legislative interims regarding: (1) guidance issued by the state board and by the DOE; (2) administrative rules proposed, adopted, amended, or repealed by the state board and by the DOE; and (3) executive orders and directives pertaining to K-12 education; in 2020 and 2021. Requires the CHE, in collaboration with the governor's workforce cabinet (GWC) and the DWD, to issue an executive summary during the 2020 and 2021 legislative interims regarding: (1) guidance issued by the CHE, by the GWC, and by the DWD; (2) administrative rules proposed, adopted, amended, or repealed by the CHE, by the GWC, and by the DWD; and (3) executive orders and directives pertaining to postsecondary education; in 2020 and 2021. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the topic of relocation and talent incentives, and specifies issues the study must encompass.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Town of Griffith.. Description: Town of Griffith. Changes the definition of "eligible municipality". Provides that if at least 2/3 of the voters voting in a special election held in the town of Griffith (town) on the public question of whether the territory of the town should be transferred to an adjacent township vote "yes" on the public question: (1) the legislative body of the eligible municipality may submit a petition to one or more adjacent townships within two years after the special election requesting that the adjacent township accept transfer of the territory of the town; (2) the legislative body of an adjacent township that receives a petition for the transfer of the town's territory may adopt a resolution accepting the transfer before the later of December 31 of the year in which the petition is received or the ninetieth day after the date that the petition is received; and (3) if no legislative body of an adjacent township to which a petition for transfer was submitted by the town accepts the transfer before July 1, 2020, the territory of the town is automatically transferred to the adjacent township with the greatest assessed value effective January 1, 2022.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Kankakee River and Yellow River development.. Description: Kankakee River and Yellow River development. Provides that the auditor of state shall deduct amounts due from distributions of local income taxes allocated to (as opposed to payable to) the county when a county fails to pay direct support or special assessments to the Kankakee River basin and Yellow River basin development commission.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Regional development authorities.. Description: Regional development authorities. Adds three members to the development board of the northwest Indiana regional development authority. Specifies that the open door law and access to public records act apply to a regional development authority and the authority's governing board.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Study of carbon sequestration.. Description: Study of carbon sequestration. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee for the 2020 interim the task of studying carbon sequestration through conservation of forest lands, reforestation, and carbon farming.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Reporting on MBE and WBE contracting goals.. Description: Reporting on MBE and WBE contracting goals. Requires each state educational institution in Indiana to submit an annual report to the state budget committee regarding the state educational institution's progress in achieving the goals established by the governor's commission on minority and women's business enterprises for the use of minority and women's business enterprises and veteran owned small businesses as contractors.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Filling vacancies.. Description: Filling vacancies. Provides that in order for a precinct committeeman or a precinct vice committeeman (exercising the precinct committeeman's proxy) to participate in a caucus to fill a vacancy, the committeeman or vice committeeman must be entitled to vote for the office for which a successor is to be selected in the caucus. Makes a technical correction.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Assessment of business personal property taxes.. Description: Assessment of business personal property taxes. Provides that the business personal property exemption from taxation is based on the assessed value instead of the acquisition cost.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Mr. William Rowlett.. Description: Honoring Mr. William Rowlett.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Private card games.. Description: Private card games. Defines "private low stakes card game" and provides a defense to certain gambling crimes if the gambling was a private low stakes card game. Defines "cheating" and makes cheating at gambling a Class A misdemeanor, and increases the penalty for the offense based on the gain obtained by cheating. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Uniform Consumer Credit Code.. Description: Uniform Consumer Credit Code. Amends the Uniform Consumer Credit Code (UCCC) as follows: (1) Changes: (A) from July 1 of each even-numbered year to January 1 of each odd-numbered year the effective date for the adjustment, based on changes in the Consumer Price Index, of various dollar amounts set forth in the UCCC; and (B) the corresponding date that precedes the adjustment date and by which the department of financial institutions (department) must issue an emergency rule announcing the adjustment. (2) For an agreement for a consumer credit sale entered into after June 30, 2020: (A) authorizes a seller to contract for and receive a nonrefundable prepaid finance charge based on the amount financed, in addition to the credit service charge and any other authorized charges and fees; and (B) prohibits precomputed consumer credit sales. (3) Repeals a provision concerning the credit service charge for revolving charge accounts and relocates the language to the provision concerning the authorized credit service charge for consumer sales. (4) For an agreement for a consumer loan entered into after June 30, 2020: (A) changes the amount of the authorized nonrefundable prepaid finance charge  from $50 to an amount that is not more than: (i) $75; (ii) $150; or (iii) $200; based on the amount financed, in the case of a consumer loan not secured by an interest in land; and (B) prohibits precomputed consumer loans. Makes conforming changes with respect to supervised loans. Changes from $1.50 to $3 the amount of the fee that a lessor in a rental purchase agreement may impose for accepting rental payments by telephone. Makes conforming technical amendments throughout the UCCC to reflect the bill's changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Provides that, upon request by certain youth membership organizations (organization), a public school shall provide, at least one time each school year, a day and time, which may be during the school day as approved by the public school, for the representative of the organization to provide information to students on school property. Requires a public school to conduct expanded criminal history checks of representatives of organizations. Requires, not later than November 1, 2022, and not later than November 1 each year thereafter, the department of education (department) to report to the general assembly information regarding the pass rate of students who took the naturalization examination and post the pass rate on its Internet web site. Establishes the high school equivalency pilot program (program) for Richmond Community Schools, MSD Washington Township Schools, and MSD Warren Township Schools. Allows a student who has completed less than 50% of the required number of credits necessary to graduate upon entering their fourth year of high school to participate in the program to earn a high school equivalency. Provides that a student who participates in the program may not be counted in a school's graduation rate. Allows a school corporation to contract with adult education providers to provide services under the program if the adult education providers meet certain requirements. Requires a participating school corporation to pay for the program from its budget or through gifts, donations, bequests, grants, and funds from any other source. Requires the school corporation to hold a public meeting to discuss the source of the funds. Provides that an eligible student enrolled in a school corporation may not be a student in an adult education center or adult high school. Requires participating school corporations to report to the general assembly concerning the program. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate study committee for study during the 2020 interim the topic of whether, and in what form, the state should encourage robotics classes and clubs for students in kindergarten through grade 12. Requires that the department of workforce development ensure that the high school equivalency test is administered under certain conditions and by certain vendors. Makes conforming amendments.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Crime stoppers and restitution.. Description: Crime stoppers and restitution. Defines "crime stoppers" and provides that the court may order a person to pay restitution to crime stoppers if crime stoppers paid an award for a tip.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Assessment and taxation of golf courses.. Description: Assessment and taxation of golf courses. Defines the term "yard improvements" in connection with the assessment of a golf course. Requires the department of local government finance to annually establish uniform income capitalization rates to be used for golf course assessments. Specifies information assessing officials are required to use in determining average net operating income.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Deduction for rehabilitation of residential property.. Description: Deduction for rehabilitation of residential property. Reinstates a property tax deduction for the rehabilitation of residential property that occurs after December 31, 2020. (Current law limits this deduction to residential rehabilitation occurring before January 2, 2017.) Provides that after December 31, 2020, the deduction applies only to homesteads. Increases the maximum assessed value of the improvements for purposes of the deduction. Amends the definition of "rehabilitation". Removes the scheduled expiration of the deduction. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Seasonal employment.. Description: Seasonal employment. Urges the legislative council to assign to an appropriate interim study committee the task of studying seasonal employment.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Property tax appeals.. Description: Property tax appeals. Prohibits a professional appraiser or a professional appraisal firm that conducts real property assessments under contract on behalf of the county or township assessor from also being employed under contract as a tax representative of the county or township assessor with regard to a review of an assessment before the county property tax assessment board of appeals (county board) with jurisdiction in that county or the Indiana board of tax review (Indiana board). Prohibits a tax representative, attorney, or law firm from representing a taxpayer in a review of an assessment before the county board or the Indiana board if a conflict of interest exists between the tax representative, attorney, or law firm and the professional appraiser that conducted the property tax assessment that is the subject of review. Provides certain limitations for representing a taxpayer in a review of an assessment beginning after June 30, 2021.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Exemptions from design release requirements.. Description: Exemptions from design release requirements. Provides that the design release requirements for certain projects do not apply to certain construction that is exempted even if the construction is: (1) a part of; (2) supplemental to; or (3) an accessory of; any other construction that would otherwise require a design release.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Survivor benefits.. Description: Survivor benefits. Provides that if a public safety officer enters a deferred retirement option plan (DROP) for the public safety officer's respective pension plan and the public safety officer dies before the public safety officer's DROP exit date, the benefit options for the public safety officer's survivors are made similar, as applicable, to the DROP disability benefit options in: (1) the DROP applicable to the state excise police, gaming agent, gaming control officer, and conservation enforcement officers' retirement plan; and (2) the DROP applicable to the 1925 police pension fund, the 1937 firefighters' pension fund, the 1953 police pension fund (Indianapolis), and the 1977 police officers' and firefighters' pension and disability fund.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Various tax matters.. Description: Various tax matters. Removes references to an out-of-state merchant's collection of the state use tax. (Under current law, an out-of-state merchant is required to collect the state gross retail tax (not the use tax) on retail transactions made in Indiana if certain threshold conditions are met.) Makes clarifying and technical changes to the definitions of "bundled transaction", "unitary transaction", and "gross retail income" in the sales tax statute, and "adjusted gross receipts" in the sports wagering statute. Removes outdated references to the gross income tax and adjusted gross income tax. Makes a technical correction in the gasoline use tax statute. Changes the definition of "Internal Revenue Code" in the adjusted gross income tax law to mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended and in effect on January 1, 2020. Clarifies the allowable state income tax deductions and credits for a married individual filing a separate return. Requires a payor of prize money to an initial recipient in connection with a racing event at a qualified motorsports facility to withhold adjusted gross income tax from the payment of the prize money. Provides that a taxpayer is entitled to claim a historic rehabilitation tax credit granted for a year other than the year in which the preservation or rehabilitation of the historic property was performed and certification provided, notwithstanding the expiration of the historic rehabilitation tax credit chapter on January 1, 2019, and the cap on the amount of credits allowed in a state fiscal year beginning after June 30, 2016. Defines "loans arising in factoring" under the financial institutions tax statute. Specifies the duties of the motor carrier service division of the department of state revenue (department). Removes obsolete provisions related to transporting gasoline or special fuel. Eliminates a redundant penalty provision for failure to file a quarterly motor carrier fuel tax report (this penalty is currently assessed and calculated under the penalty provisions of the International Fuel Tax Agreement as set forth in another section of the Indiana Code). Authorizes the department to require a taxpayer to execute a power of attorney for representation of the taxpayer on a form prescribed by the department. Requires each county to periodically submit certain data to the GIS officer. Allows a taxpayer to request a secondary review of adjustments to tax attributes in certain circumstances. Makes clarifying changes to the statute of limitations for tax assessments and tax refunds. Extends the statute of limitations for assessments for certain partners and partnerships. Allows for certain disclosures of a taxpayer's information concerning returns and remittances for a listed tax in connection with the department's online tax system to an individual without a power of attorney. Provides that after a date determined by the department, not later than September 1, 2023, the department may not make disclosures of a taxpayer's information concerning returns and remittances for a listed tax to an individual unless the individual has a power of attorney or is otherwise authorized to receive the information by law. Extends the statute of limitations to allow a refund of state and local income tax with regard to veterans' disability severance payments that were determined to qualify for a refund of federal income tax under the Combat-Injured Veterans Tax Fairness Act of 2016. Revises the penalty provisions related to payments made to the department by a payment instrument on which the department is unable to obtain payment. Expands the functions of the taxpayer rights advocate office within the department. Repeals the state revenue pilot program fund. Provides that any money in the state revenue pilot program fund before its repeal is transferred to the motor carrier regulation fund. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Employment of minors.. Description: Employment of minors. Moves provisions on employment of students from Title 20 (Education) to Title 22 (Labor and Safety). Provides that a minor who is at least 14 years of age and less than 16 years of age: (1) may not work before 7 a.m. or after 7 p.m.; and (2) may work until 9 p.m. from June 1 through Labor Day except on a day that precedes a school day when the minor may only work until 7 p.m. (Current law provides that a child who is at least 14 years of age and less than 16 years of age may not work before 7 a.m. or after 7 p.m. on a day that precedes a school day or after 10 p.m. on a day that does not precede a school day.) Provides that a minor who is at least 16 years of age and less than 18 years of age: (1) may not work for more than nine hours in any one day, 40 hours in a school week, 48 hours in a nonschool week, and six days in any one week; (2) may not begin a work day before 6 a.m.; (3) may work in certain occupations until 10 p.m. on nights that are followed by a school day; and (4) may work until 11 p.m. on a night followed by a school day with written permission from the minor's parent. (Current law: (1) provides that a child who is at least 16 years of age and less than 17 years of age: (A) may not work for more than eight hours in any one day, 30 hours in any one week, and six days in any one week; (B) may not begin a work day before 6 a.m.; and (C) may work until 11 p.m. on a night followed by a school day with written permission from the child's parent; (2) provides that a child who is at least 17 years of age and less than 18 years of age: (A) may not work for more than eight hours in any one day, 30 hours in any one week, and six days in any one week; (B) may not begin a work day before 6 a.m. on a school day; and (C) may work until 11:30 p.m. on nights that are followed by a school day and 1 a.m. on a following day with written permission from the child's parent; and (3) allows a child who is at least 16 years of age and less than 18 years of age to be employed for up to 40 hours during a school week, not exceeding nine hours in any one day, and a total of 48 hours in any one nonschool week with written permission from the child's parent.) Provides that an employer may notify the issuing officer if the minor's employment terminates. (Current law provides that an employer must notify the issuing officer.) Removes provisions: (1) requiring rest breaks for a child who is less than 18 years of age; (2) prohibiting employment of a child who is less than 18 years of age from 7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. unless the child presents a written exception from the child's school; (3) prohibiting a child who is less than 18 years of age from working after 10 p.m. or before 6 a.m. in an establishment that is open to the public unless another employee at least 18 years of age works in the establishment during the same hours as the child, so long as the establishment is open to the public before 6 a.m. or after 10 p.m.; (4) requiring a child less than 18 years of age who is not a resident of Indiana, a minor who is a resident but attends a nonpublic school that employs less than one employee, or a minor who is a resident but is enrolled in a career and technical education program as approved by the Indiana state board of education to obtain an employment certificate; (5) allowing the state board of education the ability to revoke a employment certificate; and (6) providing that the state board of education adopt rules and approve forms related to employment certificates. Provides that the transfer in the bill of provisions related to employment certificates and employment of minors from Title 20 (Education) to Title 22 (Labor and Safety) expires June 30, 2021. Provides that after June 30, 2021, certain provisions that were transferred to Title 22 are transferred and relocated to a new chapter within Title 22, including provisions related to: (1) the maximum number of hours a minor may be employed or permitted to work each day of the week and the hours beginning and ending each day; (2) civil penalties; and (3) age restrictions. Renames the bureau of child labor to the "bureau of youth employment". Replaces the term "child labor" throughout the Indiana Code. Provides that a principal of a school may send notice to the bureau of youth employment and the bureau of motor vehicles to revoke the student's employment certificate and driver's license or learner's permit. (Current law provides that the principal must send notice.) Provides that the Indiana department of labor may establish recommendations for rest breaks. Requires certain employers to register with the Indiana department of labor. Provides that the labor education and youth employment fund shall be used for the expenses of hiring and salaries of additional inspectors to enforce the new chapter, including developing and maintaining the data base, and any remaining funds may be used for the purposes of education and awarding grants to provide educational programs. Requires the Indiana department of labor to prepare a report outlining a plan to develop and maintain a data base displaying certain employers that employ minors by August 1, 2020, and develop the data base by July 1, 2021. Removes provisions that allow an employer to pay an employee who has not attained the age of 20 years, during the first 90 consecutive calendar days after the employee is initially employed by the employer, a wage which is not less than the amount payable under the federal Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938. Provides that a minor less than 16 years of age may not be employed or permitted to work during school hours. Provides that a minor may not work in an establishment that is open to the public after 10 p.m. or before 6 a.m. unless another employer who is at least 18 years of age also works with the minor so long as the establishment is open to the public before 6 a.m. or after 10 p.m. Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Libraries.. Description: Libraries. Makes changes to statutes applicable to the review of budgets of certain public libraries. Establishes a procedure for public libraries to identify the applicable city, town, or county fiscal body to receive a public library's proposed budget. Includes public libraries in the definition of "qualified entities" for purposes of criminal background checks. Requires, before December 31, 2020, a public library to adopt a policy regarding conducting criminal background checks for individuals who are more than 18 years of age and who: (1) apply to the public library for employment or volunteer work; or (2) are currently employed by or perform volunteer work for the public library. Provides that a library board may issue a local library card without charge or for a reduced fee to an individual who is not a resident of the library district and who is a child receiving foster care services.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Leasing of broadband capacity infrastructure.. Description: Leasing of broadband capacity infrastructure. Urges the legislative council to assign to the interim study committee on energy, utilities, and telecommunications the topic of installation and leasing of broadband capacity infrastructure by investor-owned electric utilities to broadband service providers for the provision of broadband internet service to unserved and underserved areas in Indiana. Specifies issues that must be considered in the study.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Gary Community School Corporation.. Description: Gary Community School Corporation. Requires that the distressed unit appeal board (DUAB) hold a public hearing on the Gary Community School Corporation's current status as a distressed unit before December 31, 2022. Establishes the distressed political subdivision school improvement fund (fund). Provides that DUAB administers the fund. Provides that the following amount of money withheld from the distribution of state tuition support for common school fund obligations of a school corporation that has been designated a distressed political subdivision  must be deposited in the fund: (1) For state fiscal years 2021 through 2023, 100% of the money that the state board of finance withholds from the distribution of state tuition support. (2) For state fiscal years 2024 through 2026, 75% of the money that the state board of finance withholds from the distribution of state tuition support. (3) For state fiscal years 2027 through 2030, 50% of the money that the state board of finance withholds from the distribution of state tuition support. Provides that the deposit of withheld state tuition support amounts into the fund ends July 1, 2030. Requires the state board of finance to extend the term of the common school fund obligations to account for the deposits into the fund. Provides that a school corporation that has been designated as a distressed political subdivision may submit a request to DUAB for money from the fund for projects approved by the DUAB after recommendations from the mayor of the city in which the school corporation is located. Provides that the governing body of a school corporation may enter into a public-private agreement for the construction of new school buildings after review of the agreement by the budget committee. Provides that, if the Gary community school corporation sells real property, a building, or other structure owned by the school corporation, the proceeds from the sale must be deposited into the fund.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Address confidentiality program.. Description: Address confidentiality program. Allows a victim of harassment, human trafficking, intimidation, or invasion of privacy to participate in the address confidentiality program (program) of the office of the attorney general (office). (Currently the law allows only victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking to participate in the program.) Removes the requirement that a victim must have obtained a protective order to participate in the program. Requires that an applicant to the program provide a description of the applicant's plan to maintain the confidentiality of the applicant's new address. Provides, with certain exceptions, that if a program participant provides written notice to an individual, state or local government agency, business, or other legal entity: (1) the entity shall use the address designated by the office; (2) the entity may not disclose the program participant's address; and (3) if the entity is a landlord, the entity may not display the program participant's name at the protected address. Allows the office to revoke a person's participation in the program or deny an applicant's application if the person: (1) uses or intends to use the program in furtherance of a crime; (2) knowingly misrepresents in a fraudulent manner any information the program participant or applicant provides to the program; or (3) is unable or unwilling to maintain the confidentiality of the program participant's or applicant's address. Establishes the circumstances under which a program participant's address may be disclosed in a court proceeding and requires the court to issue an appropriate order to limit any further disclosure. Repeals a statute providing that a program participant who provides false information on a program application commits perjury.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: School corporation disannexation.. Description: School corporation disannexation. Establishes a two year pilot program whereby Greene Township, in St. Joseph County, may initiate a process to disannex from an existing school corporation and annex to another existing school corporation.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Structures in floodways.. Description: Structures in floodways. Prohibits the director of the department of natural resources (department) from exercising the authority to remove an abode or residence from a floodway if: (1) the abode or residence was constructed before January 1, 2020; (2) the owner of the abode or residence has taken measures to elevate the lowest floor of the abode or residence to at least two feet above the one hundred year flood elevation within two years after receiving notification from the department concerning the abode or residence; and (3) the owner of the abode or residence has taken necessary measures to comply with all applicable local, state, and federal floodway regulations.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Provisional occupational license.. Description: Provisional occupational license. Allows a person who: (1) is the spouse of an active duty member of the armed forces assigned to Indiana; (2) affirms certain information concerning the person's licensure in the other state; (3) submits verification that the person is licensed in a regulated occupation in at least one other state; (4) has passed a national criminal background check; and (5) submits an application and pays any application fee; to be issued a provisional license for the regulated occupation at the same practice level allowed by the license held by the person in the other state. Provides that provisional licensing does not apply to a license that is established or recognized through an interstate compact, a reciprocity agreement, or a comity agreement that is established by a board or by law. Establishes penalties for submission of false information for purposes of obtaining a provisional license.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Reservoir conservancy districts.. Description: Reservoir conservancy districts. Allows a conservancy district to be established as a "reservoir conservancy district" if: (1) the conservancy district will be established for certain purposes; (2) the boundaries will encompass part or all of a reservoir located partly within a consolidated city; and (3) at least 25% of the surface of the reservoir is owned by a utility governed by a board of directors for utilities of a consolidated city. Requires the board of directors of a reservoir conservancy district and the utility that owns the reservoir (utility owner) to enter into an operating agreement that describes all works of improvement and maintenance that the reservoir conservancy district proposes to perform. Requires that all such works be approved by the utility owner before the work begins. Provides that a reservoir conservancy district has all of the powers granted to other conservancy districts with certain exceptions, including: (1) a reservoir conservancy district does not have the power of eminent domain; and (2) the utility owner is exempt from all assessments, taxes, and fees imposed by the reservoir conservancy district. Imposes a limit on the special benefits tax levy of a reservoir conservancy district. Authorizes a reservoir conservancy district to impose and collect fees for the recreational use of watercraft on the reservoir, but provides that a one year use fee for a nonresident may not be 50% greater than the one year use fee for a resident, and that a one-day use fee may not exceed 17% of a one year use fee. Authorizes a reservoir conservancy district to establish rules concerning safety and resource conservation but provides that the rules shall not interfere with state rules or with the use of the reservoir for water supply purposes, shall not impair the commercial license of the commercial licensee of the utility owner, and shall not discourage uses of the reservoir for activities allowed under the fish and wildlife laws. Authorizes a reservoir conservancy district to: (1) install catch basins and filtration systems; (2) implement erosion control measures; (3) dredge; and (4) take other actions; with authorization from state and federal agencies. Provides that the utility owner has sole authority to control the water level and water quality of the reservoir. Provides that, except in a case of intentional or willful and wanton misconduct, the utility owner is not liable for any personal injury, death, property damage, or other loss that an individual incurs while present on or in the reservoir. Includes provisions concerning the potential civil liability of the utility owner, the state, the reservoir conservancy district, and owners of property located in a reservoir conservancy district for personal injury, death, or property damage occurring within the reservoir conservancy district.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Remembering Dr. David L. Rice.. Description: Remembering Dr. David L. Rice.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Waiver of penalties and interest.. Description: Waiver of penalties and interest. Provides that the fiscal body of a county may adopt an ordinance to establish a property tax amnesty program and require a waiver of interest and penalties added before January 1, 2020, on delinquent taxes and special assessments on real property in the county if: (1) all of the delinquent taxes and special assessments on the real property were first due and payable before January 1, 2020; and (2) before May 1, 2021, the taxpayer has paid all of these delinquent taxes and special assessments and has also paid all of the taxes and special assessments that are first due and payable after December 31, 2019. Requires the waiver of interest and penalties in these circumstances, notwithstanding any payment arrangement entered into by the county treasurer and the taxpayer. Provides that the waiver of interest and penalties under a program shall not apply to interest and penalties added to delinquent property tax installments or special assessments on real property that was purchased or sold in any prior tax sale.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Credit card payments for charity gaming.. Description: Credit card payments for charity gaming. Provides that a qualified organization may accept credit cards for the purchase of: (1) a chance to play any game of chance offered at an allowable activity; or (2) licensed supplies. Provides that certain credit card payments may be made on the Internet.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Regulation of pesticide use and application.. Description: Regulation of pesticide use and application. Makes various changes to the statutes governing pesticide registration and pesticide use and application. Requires the pesticide review board (board) to establish a working group to review civil penalties and for the working group to make recommendations (before December 1, 2020) concerning civil penalties to the board and the general assembly. Provides that the state chemist shall suspend the enforcement of its FY 2019 pesticide enforcement response policy.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Traffic control.. Description: Traffic control. Establishes that the following are Class A infractions: (1) Failure to stop at a traffic control signal resulting in bodily injury. (2) Failure to stop at an entrance to a through highway resulting in bodily injury. (3) Failure to stop at an intersection resulting in bodily injury. Makes an individual less than 18 years of age eligible for a deferral program (under current law, individuals under the age of 18 are not eligible for deferral). Makes conforming changes.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Nonprofit hospital report.. Description: Nonprofit hospital report. Requires a nonprofit hospital to annually report the policies, procedures, activities, or any other actions taken by the nonprofit hospital in the preceding calendar year that were intended to make health care more affordable.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Juveniles.. Description: Juveniles. For certain serious offenses committed by a juvenile: (1) reduces the minimum age for committing the child to the department of correction from 13 to 12; (2) adds an attempt to commit certain serious offenses to the list of serious offenses allowing wardship by the department of correction; and (3) permits the court to commit a juvenile to the department of correction for up to six years.  Requires the department of correction to provide the court with a progress report for a child committed to the department for six years at the time the child turns 18, and requires the court to review the report and determine the appropriateness of release. Specifies that the juvenile court lacks jurisdiction over certain juveniles charged with an attempt to commit certain crimes. Establishes a two-year disproportionality review panel staffed by the Indiana criminal justice institute to study the issue of disparate racial impact with respect to juvenile court direct file, discretionary transfer, and waiver provisions. Defines "young offender" and prohibits the department of correction from housing a young offender with the general population of a penal facility. Prohibits a jail from housing a child less than eighteen years of age in the same cell as an adult.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Low head dams.. Description: Low head dams. Requires the natural resources commission to establish a roster of low head dams in the state that are capable of creating hazardous currents that pose safety issues. Establishes requirements concerning low head dams for the department of natural resources (department) and owners of low head dams. Except for purposes of an inspection, maintenance, or removal, prohibits a person from accessing a low head dam. Prohibits wading, boating, swimming, or accessing the waters within 50 feet of a low head dam when warning signs are present. Provides that the state is not liable for any death or injury that occurs on or resulting from a low head dam that is not owned by the state. Provides for a penalty for violations. Requires the department to prepare a report that includes recommendations concerning the creation of a low head dam removal program and any recommendations concerning low head dam safety legislation.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 2019 Mater Dei High School varsity girls soccer team.. Description: Recognizing the 2019 Mater Dei High School varsity girls soccer team.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: Various education matters.. Description: Various education matters. Provides that the state board of education (state board) and the governing body of a school corporation or nonpublic school may not enter into, renew, or otherwise extend a contract to establish a freeway school after June 30, 2020. Provides that provisions relating to the establishment and administration of freeway schools expire July 1, 2025. Establishes new requirements to accredit a public or private school in Indiana. Provides that the following apply to nonpublic schools accredited by a national or regional accrediting agency recognized by the state board: (1) Indiana secured school fund provisions. (2) Certain sale of school building provisions. (3) Certain textbook assistance provisions. Changes a provision concerning waivers from postsecondary readiness competency requirements that references "nonaccredited nonpublic school" to "nonaccredited nonpublic school that has less than one employee". Repeals a provision that requires the state board to implement a system of recognizing certain education programs of nonpublic schools. Provides that, if a school corporation has noncontiguous attendance area that is surrounded by one or more adjacent school corporations, the school corporation with the noncontiguous attendance area and school corporation or school corporations that surround the noncontiguous attendance area shall have a joint public meeting every three years to determine whether it is in the best interest of the public for the school corporation to have a noncontiguous attendance area. Provides that a school corporation may enter into an agreement to provide free, annual dental screenings to students enrolled in the school corporation. Provides that if a school corporation enters into an agreement to provide free, annual dental screenings to students enrolled in the school corporation, the agreement: (1) must provide for a free, annual dental screening to be offered to each student enrolled in the school corporation in grade 1; and (2) may, at the election of the governing body, provide for a free, annual dental screening to be offered to each student enrolled in the school corporation in kindergarten through grade 12. Provides that the parent or guardian of a child is responsible to the dentist or dental group for the cost of services other than a dental screening. Provides that an agreement between a school corporation and a dentist or dental group must provide that the dentist or dental group shall indemnify the school corporation for all claims and liability arising from the dentist's or dental group's provision of services other than dental screenings. Requires a school corporation to provide notice of the available dental services to parents of students enrolled in the school corporation. Repeals: (1) a provision relating to performance based school accreditation; (2) a provision pertaining to school improvement plans; and (3) a provision pertaining to the recognition of educational programs of nonpublic schools. Makes conforming amendments and technical corrections.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing FIRST Indiana Robotics and FIRST Indiana Robotics teams.. Description: Recognizing FIRST Indiana Robotics and FIRST Indiana Robotics teams.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Remembering Joseph Dean Breedlove.. Description: Remembering Joseph Dean Breedlove.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Maggie Speicher on her retirement.. Description: Congratulating Maggie Speicher on her retirement.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day.. Description: Commemorating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring those who have served as legislative interns for the House of Representatives during the Second Regular Session of the 121st Indiana General Assembly.. Description: Honoring those who have served as legislative interns for the House of Representatives during the Second Regular Session of the 121st Indiana General Assembly.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Celebrating IU Health Bedford Hospital on its 50th anniversary.. Description: Celebrating IU Health Bedford Hospital on its 50th anniversary.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Lake Central's boys soccer team for winning class 3A semistate.. Description: Congratulating Lake Central's boys soccer team for winning class 3A semistate.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing Angel Millsap for winning the Mental Attitude and Leadership Award.. Description: Recognizing Angel Millsap for winning the Mental Attitude and Leadership Award.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Bernice Bohannon on her 110th birthday.. Description: Congratulating Bernice Bohannon on her 110th birthday.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulates Saint Maria Goretti Catholic School as the 2019 National Blue Ribbon Awardee.. Description: Congratulates Saint Maria Goretti Catholic School as the 2019 National Blue Ribbon Awardee.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Urging the Legislative Council to assign to an appropriate study committee the topic of the potential dangers of cyber hacking and ransomware attacks on state and local governments as well as the creation of a specialized Cyber-Technical Assistance Program at Purdue University to assist Indiana's local units of government with the implementation of cyber security measures.. Description: Urging the Legislative Council to assign to an appropriate study committee the topic of the potential dangers of cyber hacking and ransomware attacks on state and local governments as well as the creation of a specialized Cyber-Technical Assistance Program at Purdue University to assist Indiana's local units of government with the implementation of cyber security measures.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring State Representative B. Patrick Bauer.. Description: Honoring State Representative B. Patrick Bauer.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Seymour Police Officer Tim Toborg.. Description: Honoring Seymour Police Officer Tim Toborg.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Welcoming members of the Omega Psi Phi fraternity to the 83rd Tenth District Convention.. Description: Welcoming members of the Omega Psi Phi fraternity to the 83rd Tenth District Convention.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Chief Dennis Zagrocki of the Schererville Police Department for four decades of service.. Description: Honoring Chief Dennis Zagrocki of the Schererville Police Department for four decades of service.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring the 100 Black Men of Indianapolis, Inc. and their annual Beautillion Militaire Scholarship Program.. Description: Honoring the 100 Black Men of Indianapolis, Inc. and their annual Beautillion Militaire Scholarship Program.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Memorializing Young-Hee Yedinak.. Description: Memorializing Young-Hee Yedinak.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Sherri Rector on her retirement.. Description: Congratulating Sherri Rector on her retirement.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing and congratulating Whitko High School artists.. Description: Recognizing and congratulating Whitko High School artists.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating and honoring the Merrillville High School Choir.. Description: Congratulating and honoring the Merrillville High School Choir.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Korean American Association of Indiana.. Description: Recognizing the Korean American Association of Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Sasakawa Peace Foundation and the US-Japan Council.. Description: Recognizing the Sasakawa Peace Foundation and the US-Japan Council.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Consulate General of the Republic of Korea in Chicago.. Description: Recognizing the Consulate General of the Republic of Korea in Chicago.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Honoring Speaker Brian C. Bosma upon his retirement from the Indiana House of Representatives.. Description: Honoring Speaker Brian C. Bosma upon his retirement from the Indiana House of Representatives.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator Randy Head upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator Randy Head upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.
In 2019, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION authorizing the Postmaster of the Indiana Senate to receive from the Postmaster of the City of Indianapolis all mail belonging to the Senate.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION authorizing the Postmaster of the Indiana Senate to receive from the Postmaster of the City of Indianapolis all mail belonging to the Senate.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Boone Grove High School on being awarded the National Athletic Trainers' Association's Safe Sports School Award.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Boone Grove High School on being awarded the National Athletic Trainers' Association's Safe Sports School Award.
In 2019, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Bill Hart upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Bill Hart upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Dr. Tom Harmas as the 2019 High School Principal of the Year.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Dr. Tom Harmas as the 2019 High School Principal of the Year.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating David L. Shank and Marilyn Shank on their retirement and commemorating their award winning public relations firm, Shank Public Relations Counselors.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating David L. Shank and Marilyn Shank on their retirement and commemorating their award winning public relations firm, Shank Public Relations Counselors.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Congratulating Zionsville Fire Chief James VanGorder and Zionsville paramedic Abdullakh "Dully" Abamislimov for receiving the Fire Chief of the Year and Paramedic of the Year Awards at the 2019 Indiana Emergency Response Conference.. Description: Congratulating Zionsville Fire Chief James VanGorder and Zionsville paramedic Abdullakh "Dully" Abamislimov for receiving the Fire Chief of the Year and Paramedic of the Year Awards at the 2019 Indiana Emergency Response Conference.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Argos High School boys soccer team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class A state championship title.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Argos High School boys soccer team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class A state championship title.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Robert Goodman Jewelers on twenty years of business in the town of Zionsville.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Robert Goodman Jewelers on twenty years of business in the town of Zionsville.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION celebrating Ben Davis University High School's high graduation rate and record amount of college scholarship monies received during the 2018/2019 school year.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION celebrating Ben Davis University High School's high graduation rate and record amount of college scholarship monies received during the 2018/2019 school year.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign to an appropriate study committee the topic of the potential dangers of cyber-hacking in state government, specifically the use of ransomware.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign to an appropriate study committee the topic of the potential dangers of cyber-hacking in state government, specifically the use of ransomware.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to congratulate Ben Yoder on receiving the 2020 Outstanding Middle School/ Jr. High School Educator Award from the Indiana Music Education Association.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to congratulate Ben Yoder on receiving the 2020 Outstanding Middle School/ Jr. High School Educator Award from the Indiana Music Education Association.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the Governor to proclaim May 2020 as Indiana Motherhood Month.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the Governor to proclaim May 2020 as Indiana Motherhood Month.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the Martinsville Candy Kitchen for 100 years in business.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the Martinsville Candy Kitchen for 100 years in business.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Dr. Carrie Foote on being awarded the 2019 Arts for AIDS Hero of the Year.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Dr. Carrie Foote on being awarded the 2019 Arts for AIDS Hero of the Year.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Chief Robert Knox on his retirement from the Zionsville Police Department.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Chief Robert Knox on his retirement from the Zionsville Police Department.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to urge the legislative council to assign to the appropriate study committee the topic of scholarships for minority students pursuing higher education in the field of health care.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to urge the legislative council to assign to the appropriate study committee the topic of scholarships for minority students pursuing higher education in the field of health care.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Allen County Commissioner Therese Brown on receiving the 2019 Arthur R. Himsel Award from the Association of Indiana Counties.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Allen County Commissioner Therese Brown on receiving the 2019 Arthur R. Himsel Award from the Association of Indiana Counties.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the Monday Afternoon Club for 125 years of cultural and literary endeavors.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the Monday Afternoon Club for 125 years of cultural and literary endeavors.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Allen County Assessor Stacey O'Day on receiving the 2019 Outstanding County Assessor Award from the Association of Indiana Counties.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Allen County Assessor Stacey O'Day on receiving the 2019 Outstanding County Assessor Award from the Association of Indiana Counties.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION supporting Taiwan's signing of a Bilateral Trade Agreement with the United States, reaffirming support for increasing Taiwan's international profile and for strengthening ties between Indiana and Taiwan.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION supporting Taiwan's signing of a Bilateral Trade Agreement with the United States, reaffirming support for increasing Taiwan's international profile and for strengthening ties between Indiana and Taiwan.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign to the fiscal policy study committee the issue of innkeeper's tax distributions in Tippecanoe County.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION urging the legislative council to assign to the fiscal policy study committee the issue of innkeeper's tax distributions in Tippecanoe County.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Indiana's Hispanic/Latino entrepreneurs for their work creating small businesses and their contributions to Hoosier workforce development.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Indiana's Hispanic/Latino entrepreneurs for their work creating small businesses and their contributions to Hoosier workforce development.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Fishers Junior High School "We the People" team on winning the 2019 "We the People" State Finals.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the Fishers Junior High School "We the People" team on winning the 2019 "We the People" State Finals.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the Department of Natural Resources Division of Forestry and the Classified Forest and Wildlands Program and urging increased state funding for the Division of Forestry.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the Department of Natural Resources Division of Forestry and the Classified Forest and Wildlands Program and urging increased state funding for the Division of Forestry.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize March 12, 2020 as World Kidney Day.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize March 12, 2020 as World Kidney Day.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the Mitchell Persimmon Festival and urging the Governor to declare September 22, 2020, Persimmon Day in Indiana.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the Mitchell Persimmon Festival and urging the Governor to declare September 22, 2020, Persimmon Day in Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Indiana State University for 150 years of African American education and achievement.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Indiana State University for 150 years of African American education and achievement.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the 2019 Salem High School Marching Band.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating the 2019 Salem High School Marching Band.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize the week of February 24-28, 2020 as Public Schools Week.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize the week of February 24-28, 2020 as Public Schools Week.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing dyslexia in Hoosier youth.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing dyslexia in Hoosier youth.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize Girls Inc. of Greater Indianapolis on their 50th anniversary.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize Girls Inc. of Greater Indianapolis on their 50th anniversary.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Margaret Dimmett upon her receipt of the 2020 Prudential Spirit of Community Award.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Margaret Dimmett upon her receipt of the 2020 Prudential Spirit of Community Award.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize February 25, 2020 as Doula Day at the Statehouse.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize February 25, 2020 as Doula Day at the Statehouse.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to congratulate Fireman Michael Pruitt on his twenty years of service with the Wayne Township Fire Department.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to congratulate Fireman Michael Pruitt on his twenty years of service with the Wayne Township Fire Department.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the 2020 Senate Majority Caucus interns and thanking them for their service to the Indiana General Assembly.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring the 2020 Senate Majority Caucus interns and thanking them for their service to the Indiana General Assembly.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Bob Vollmer upon his retirement from the Department of Natural Resources.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Bob Vollmer upon his retirement from the Department of Natural Resources.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Doonyah Alucozai on being named an Indiana Distinguished Finalist for the 2020 Prudential Spirit of Community Award.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION congratulating Doonyah Alucozai on being named an Indiana Distinguished Finalist for the 2020 Prudential Spirit of Community Award.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor the Shalom Health Care Center for organizing the 14th Dr. Dannee Neal Back-to-School Family Health Fair and for the services this event provides tot he Indianapolis community.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor the Shalom Health Care Center for organizing the 14th Dr. Dannee Neal Back-to-School Family Health Fair and for the services this event provides tot he Indianapolis community.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the exceptional work and dedication of the Indiana State Senate employees.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing the exceptional work and dedication of the Indiana State Senate employees.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing the sincere gratitude and appreciation of the Indiana Senate to the Indiana Legislative Services Agency for its tireless work and dedication during the Second Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty First General Assembly.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing the sincere gratitude and appreciation of the Indiana Senate to the Indiana Legislative Services Agency for its tireless work and dedication during the Second Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty First General Assembly.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing the Indiana State Senate's sincere appreciation to the Indiana State Medical Association and the Indiana Academy of Family Physicians for coordinating and operating the "Doctor of the Day" program and to the dedicated doctors who participated.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing the Indiana State Senate's sincere appreciation to the Indiana State Medical Association and the Indiana Academy of Family Physicians for coordinating and operating the "Doctor of the Day" program and to the dedicated doctors who participated.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Chiropractic Association for coordinating and operating the "Chiropractor of the Day" program at the Indiana Statehouse and to the dedicated chiropractors who participated.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing appreciation to the Indiana State Chiropractic Association for coordinating and operating the "Chiropractor of the Day" program at the Indiana Statehouse and to the dedicated chiropractors who participated.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing gratitude to Verizon Communications for its role in promoting and supporting the Indiana General Assembly's legislative internship program and scholarships.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION expressing gratitude to Verizon Communications for its role in promoting and supporting the Indiana General Assembly's legislative internship program and scholarships.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Indiana University Dance Marathon (IUDM) and the students involved in the organization.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Indiana University Dance Marathon (IUDM) and the students involved in the organization.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize and honor the Senate Democratic Caucus Interns for their service during the Second Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty First Indiana General Assembly.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to recognize and honor the Senate Democratic Caucus Interns for their service during the Second Regular Session of the One Hundred Twenty First Indiana General Assembly.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION standing in solidarity with Indiana's Jewish community.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION standing in solidarity with Indiana's Jewish community.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Senator Mark Stoops upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION to honor Senator Mark Stoops upon his retirement from the Indiana Senate.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator Victoria Spartz upon her retirement from the Indiana Senate.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Senator Victoria Spartz upon her retirement from the Indiana Senate.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing 100 years of the AAA School Safety Patrol Program.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing 100 years of the AAA School Safety Patrol Program.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Indiana public schools and the week of February 24-28, 2020, as National Public Schools Week.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Indiana public schools and the week of February 24-28, 2020, as National Public Schools Week.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Greg McCurdy on his selection as the 2019 Indiana Small and Rural Schools Teacher of the Year.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION honoring Greg McCurdy on his selection as the 2019 Indiana Small and Rural Schools Teacher of the Year.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing landscape architects and recognizing April 2020 as "World Landscape Architecture Month" (WLAM).. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing landscape architects and recognizing April 2020 as "World Landscape Architecture Month" (WLAM).
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing The Helping Hands thrift store in West Terre Haute.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing The Helping Hands thrift store in West Terre Haute.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Steve Hale.. Description: A SENATE RESOLUTION recognizing Steve Hale.
In 2019, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to allow the House of Representatives and the Senate of the 121st General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the Second Regular Session for periods in excess of three (3) consecutive days as the need, in the judgment of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, respectively, may arise. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to allow the House of Representatives and the Senate of the 121st General Assembly to adjourn and recess separately throughout the Second Regular Session for periods in excess of three (3) consecutive days as the need, in the judgment of the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, respectively, may arise
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Prom Genie, Incorporated.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Prom Genie, Incorporated.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Boys and Girls Clubs of Elkhart County.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Boys and Girls Clubs of Elkhart County.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the legacy of the Hulman-George family and celebrating the incoming leadership of Roger Penske and the Penske Corporation at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and INDYCAR.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the legacy of the Hulman-George family and celebrating the incoming leadership of Roger Penske and the Penske Corporation at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and INDYCAR.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a Joint Session of the One Hundred Twenty-First General Assembly of the State of Indiana.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a Joint Session of the One Hundred Twenty-First General Assembly of the State of Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a Joint Session of the One Hundred Twenty-First General Assembly of the State of Indiana.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION to convene a Joint Session of the One Hundred Twenty-First General Assembly of the State of Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION commemorating the centennial anniversary of Indiana ratifying the 19th Amendment.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION commemorating the centennial anniversary of Indiana ratifying the 19th Amendment.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Abby Mills as the 2019 All-American Soap Box Derby world champion in the rally Masters division.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Abby Mills as the 2019 All-American Soap Box Derby world champion in the rally Masters division.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Angus J. Nicoson.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Angus J. Nicoson.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the creation of a Medal of Honor Memorial Highway in Indiana.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the creation of a Medal of Honor Memorial Highway in Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the inductees of the Indiana Military Veterans Hall of Fame.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the inductees of the Indiana Military Veterans Hall of Fame.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Alpha Kappa Alpha Day at the Capitol.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Alpha Kappa Alpha Day at the Capitol.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring and recognizing the 2018 to 2019 winners of the Student Soybean Product Innovation Competition.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring and recognizing the 2018 to 2019 winners of the Student Soybean Product Innovation Competition.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the State Road 45 and 2nd Street bridge over I-69 the "Sarah Irene Haylett-Jones Memorial Bridge".. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename the State Road 45 and 2nd Street bridge over I-69 the "Sarah Irene Haylett-Jones Memorial Bridge".
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename a portion of State Road 930 in honor of service members who fought and served during Operation Enduring Freedom.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to rename a portion of State Road 930 in honor of service members who fought and served during Operation Enduring Freedom.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 2019 Castle High School archery team for winning their twelfth state championship and second consecutive national championship.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 2019 Castle High School archery team for winning their twelfth state championship and second consecutive national championship.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the study of constructing an inn at Potato Creek State Park.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the study of constructing an inn at Potato Creek State Park.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Whitley County Chamber of Commerce for 100 years of service.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Whitley County Chamber of Commerce for 100 years of service.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Mr. Philip Stevenson and his retirement as superintendent of Centerville-Abington Community Schools.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Mr. Philip Stevenson and his retirement as superintendent of Centerville-Abington Community Schools.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the 2019 Lafayette Central Catholic High School football team.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the 2019 Lafayette Central Catholic High School football team.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the New Palestine High School football team.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the New Palestine High School football team.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Honda Manufacturing of Indiana for its contributions to the community.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Honda Manufacturing of Indiana for its contributions to the community.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the New Palestine High School softball team.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the New Palestine High School softball team.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Charlie Spegal.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Charlie Spegal.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Senate and the Indiana House of Representatives to adopt the practice of recommitting all bills creating or amending a criminal penalty to the Senate Corrections and Criminal Law Committee or the House Courts and Criminal Code Committee after the bill has passed the committee to which the bill was originally assigned. (The introduced version of this resolution was prepared by the interim study committee on corrections and criminal code.). Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the Indiana Senate and the Indiana House of Representatives to adopt the practice of recommitting all bills creating or amending a criminal penalty to the Senate Corrections and Criminal Law Committee or the House Courts and Criminal Code Committee after the bill has passed the committee to which the bill was originally assigned. (The introduced version of this resolution was prepared by the interim study committee on corrections and criminal code.)
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION remembering Dr. Walter "Jerry" Watkins.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION remembering Dr. Walter "Jerry" Watkins.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Indiana Rangers, Company D of the 151st Infantry Regiment of the Indiana National Guard.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Indiana Rangers, Company D of the 151st Infantry Regiment of the Indiana National Guard.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Anderson High School Marching Highlanders for their achievements at the 2019 Indiana State Fair.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Anderson High School Marching Highlanders for their achievements at the 2019 Indiana State Fair.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing FFA and all of its work to advance the quality of agricultural education both locally and nationally.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing FFA and all of its work to advance the quality of agricultural education both locally and nationally.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 2019 Salem High School marching band.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 2019 Salem High School marching band.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Lance Corporal Jacky Ray Koenig Jr., United States Marine Corps.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Lance Corporal Jacky Ray Koenig Jr., United States Marine Corps.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring school counselors during National School Counseling Week.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring school counselors during National School Counseling Week.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Indiana State Bar Association Leadership Development Academy.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the Indiana State Bar Association Leadership Development Academy.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging Congress to display the portrait of Lucretia Mott, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, and Susan B. Anthony on U.S. currency recognizing women's fight for suffrage and honoring the 100th anniversary.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging Congress to display the portrait of Lucretia Mott, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, and Susan B. Anthony on U.S. currency recognizing women's fight for suffrage and honoring the 100th anniversary.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the United States Forest Service to establish an off-road vehicles (ORVs) trail system.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the United States Forest Service to establish an off-road vehicles (ORVs) trail system.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the importance of career and technical education during Career and Technical Education Month.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the importance of career and technical education during Career and Technical Education Month.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing dyslexia in Hoosier youth.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing dyslexia in Hoosier youth.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Katie Pourcho, 2020 Indiana Teacher of the Year.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Katie Pourcho, 2020 Indiana Teacher of the Year.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Indiana's women veterans.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Indiana's women veterans.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring volunteer firefighters.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing and honoring volunteer firefighters.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing teachers and the work they do.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing teachers and the work they do.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Eugene Heckman.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Eugene Heckman.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Greg McCurdy on his selection as the 2019 Indiana Small and Rural Schools Teacher of the Year.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Greg McCurdy on his selection as the 2019 Indiana Small and Rural Schools Teacher of the Year.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring students from Norwell Middle School in Ossian, Indiana, as the National Champions of the Future City Competition.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring students from Norwell Middle School in Ossian, Indiana, as the National Champions of the Future City Competition.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Linton-Stockton High School girls basketball team for its Class 2A IHSAA championship win.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Linton-Stockton High School girls basketball team for its Class 2A IHSAA championship win.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the 250th anniversary of William Clark's birth.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the 250th anniversary of William Clark's birth.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION commending Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Inc. for its outstanding contributions to the community.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION commending Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Inc. for its outstanding contributions to the community.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Decatur Township Firefighter Lieutenant Tracy Hayden.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Decatur Township Firefighter Lieutenant Tracy Hayden.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Deputy Shadron K. Bassett and urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to name a mile of State Road 39 the "Deputy Shadron K. Bassett Memorial Mile".. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Deputy Shadron K. Bassett and urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to name a mile of State Road 39 the "Deputy Shadron K. Bassett Memorial Mile".
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 21st Century Scholars Program for 30 years of helping Hoosiers afford a college education.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the 21st Century Scholars Program for 30 years of helping Hoosiers afford a college education.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Trooper Peter "Bo" Stephan and urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to name a portion of State Road 25 the "Trooper Peter "Bo" Stephan Memorial Highway".. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Trooper Peter "Bo" Stephan and urging the Indiana Department of Transportation to name a portion of State Road 25 the "Trooper Peter "Bo" Stephan Memorial Highway".
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Indiana University in recognition of its Bicentennial Anniversary on January 20, 2020.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Indiana University in recognition of its Bicentennial Anniversary on January 20, 2020.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Evansville Reitz Memorial High School football team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 4A state championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Evansville Reitz Memorial High School football team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 4A state championship title.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Evansville Reitz Memorial High School boys soccer team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Evansville Reitz Memorial High School boys soccer team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Western Boone High School football team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Western Boone High School football team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Thelma Dickey.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Thelma Dickey.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Fort Wayne Carroll High School girls cross country team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") state championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Fort Wayne Carroll High School girls cross country team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") state championship title.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Noblesville High School girls soccer team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A state championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Noblesville High School girls soccer team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 3A state championship title.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing former State Representative Richard Dodge.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing former State Representative Richard Dodge.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the establishment of the Office of Outdoor Recreation Development within the Indiana Destination Development Corporation.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION urging the establishment of the Office of Outdoor Recreation Development within the Indiana Destination Development Corporation.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Beverly Brown upon her retirement from the Indiana Senate.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Beverly Brown upon her retirement from the Indiana Senate.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Erin Strzelecki of Fort Wayne Bishop Dwenger High School on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") individual state championship title in girls cross country.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Erin Strzelecki of Fort Wayne Bishop Dwenger High School on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") individual state championship title in girls cross country.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Fort Wayne Bishop Dwenger High School cheerleading team on winning the 2019 Indiana Cheer Championship.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Fort Wayne Bishop Dwenger High School cheerleading team on winning the 2019 Indiana Cheer Championship.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION encouraging education and the use of Safe Haven Baby Boxes in Indiana.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION encouraging education and the use of Safe Haven Baby Boxes in Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Deborah Stapleton on her retirement from the Anderson Museum of Art.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Deborah Stapleton on her retirement from the Anderson Museum of Art.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity for its century of service within the community and its unyielding appreciation and support of diversity in all its forms.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity for its century of service within the community and its unyielding appreciation and support of diversity in all its forms.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Adam Ferguson for being named the 2020 Plainfield Community School Corporation Teacher of the Year.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Adam Ferguson for being named the 2020 Plainfield Community School Corporation Teacher of the Year.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Sandy Woolwine and honoring the heroic actions of North Central Parke Community School Corporation students.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing Sandy Woolwine and honoring the heroic actions of North Central Parke Community School Corporation students.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Perinatal Palliative Care personnel in Indiana.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Perinatal Palliative Care personnel in Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Cathedral High School's "We the People: The Citizen and the Constitution" team on winning Indiana's State competition.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Cathedral High School's "We the People: The Citizen and the Constitution" team on winning Indiana's State competition.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Indiana Legislative Youth Advisory Council for the important work they do in advising the Indiana General Assembly on youth related issues.. Description: Recognizing the Indiana Legislative Youth Advisory Council for the important work they do in advising the Indiana General Assembly on youth related issues.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Bremen High School softball team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Bremen High School softball team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") Class 2A state championship title.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the home of the Charley Creek Inn for 100 years as the hub of downtown Wabash, Indiana.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the home of the Charley Creek Inn for 100 years as the hub of downtown Wabash, Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Hoosier long-term care professionals.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Hoosier long-term care professionals.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing William "Bill" Hager.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION memorializing William "Bill" Hager.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Fort Wayne Concordia Lutheran High School boys cross country team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") state championship title.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Fort Wayne Concordia Lutheran High School boys cross country team on winning the 2019 Indiana High School Athletic Association ("IHSAA") state championship title.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring John Thomas Shettle on his retirement from the Orestes town council.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring John Thomas Shettle on his retirement from the Orestes town council.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Bobby Cox upon his retirement as Commissioner of the Indiana High School Athletic Association.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Bobby Cox upon his retirement as Commissioner of the Indiana High School Athletic Association.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Bishop Chatard High School Trojans football team on its Class 3A state championship.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Bishop Chatard High School Trojans football team on its Class 3A state championship.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the League of Women Voters on the 100th anniversary of its founding.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the League of Women Voters on the 100th anniversary of its founding.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Greenfield Central Cougar Pride Marching Band on placing first in Class B at the Indiana State School Music Association ("ISSMA") State Finals.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Greenfield Central Cougar Pride Marching Band on placing first in Class B at the Indiana State School Music Association ("ISSMA") State Finals.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Lafayette Jefferson High School Marching Band on winning the Indiana State School Music Association Scholastic Class A State Finals.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Lafayette Jefferson High School Marching Band on winning the Indiana State School Music Association Scholastic Class A State Finals.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Hoosier Basketball Magazine's 50th year of publication.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Hoosier Basketball Magazine's 50th year of publication.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Indiana Arts Education Day at the Statehouse.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Indiana Arts Education Day at the Statehouse.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Indiana public schools and the week of February 24-28, 2020, as National Public Schools Week.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Indiana public schools and the week of February 24-28, 2020, as National Public Schools Week.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Michael Cleveland for winning the 2020 Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Michael Cleveland for winning the 2020 Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity for its century of service within the community and its unyielding appreciation and support of diversity in all its forms.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring the Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity for its century of service within the community and its unyielding appreciation and support of diversity in all its forms.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Gus Adams for his many years of teaching Franklin County students.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Gus Adams for his many years of teaching Franklin County students.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Emily Graves on being named a Prudential Spirit of Community Awards 2020 State Honoree.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Emily Graves on being named a Prudential Spirit of Community Awards 2020 State Honoree.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Judge John G. Baker upon his retirement from the Indiana Court of Appeals.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Judge John G. Baker upon his retirement from the Indiana Court of Appeals.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Virgil L. Beckerman on the occasion of his 100th birthday.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Virgil L. Beckerman on the occasion of his 100th birthday.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the significance of the construction of the Vietnam Memorial Wall at the Veterans National Memorial Shrine and Museum in Fort Wayne, Indiana.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the significance of the construction of the Vietnam Memorial Wall at the Veterans National Memorial Shrine and Museum in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION fixing the date for the Second Regular Technical Session of the One Hundred Twenty First General Assembly.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION fixing the date for the Second Regular Technical Session of the One Hundred Twenty First General Assembly.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Michael Cleveland for winning the 2020 Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating Michael Cleveland for winning the 2020 Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Wendy Robinson upon her retirement as Superintendent of Fort Wayne Community Schools.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Dr. Wendy Robinson upon her retirement as Superintendent of Fort Wayne Community Schools.
In 2020, Indiana engrossed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Indiana's last elected State Superintendent of Public Instruction, Dr. Jennifer McCormick, on her retirement.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Indiana's last elected State Superintendent of Public Instruction, Dr. Jennifer McCormick, on her retirement.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Sister M. Elise Kriss upon her retirement as President of the University of Saint Francis.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Sister M. Elise Kriss upon her retirement as President of the University of Saint Francis.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the French Lick Springs Hotel for 175 years of world class hospitality.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing the French Lick Springs Hotel for 175 years of world class hospitality.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Grant Monahan upon his retirement.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Grant Monahan upon his retirement.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Haywood and Fleming Associates for 35 years of business and service in the Gary area.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Haywood and Fleming Associates for 35 years of business and service in the Gary area.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing ATT Indiana for 100 years of connectivity and technological innovation in the State of Indiana.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing ATT Indiana for 100 years of connectivity and technological innovation in the State of Indiana.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Lisa H. Kobe upon her retirement.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION honoring Lisa H. Kobe upon her retirement.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Matthew Clifford on being named the 2019 Indiana Middle School Principal of the Year for District 10 by the Indiana Association of School Principals.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Matthew Clifford on being named the 2019 Indiana Middle School Principal of the Year for District 10 by the Indiana Association of School Principals.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Mt. Vernon High School (Fortville) girls soccer team on receiving the National United Soccer Coaches Team Pinnacle Award for the 2018-2019 school year.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION congratulating the Mt. Vernon High School (Fortville) girls soccer team on receiving the National United Soccer Coaches Team Pinnacle Award for the 2018-2019 school year.
In 2020, Indiana passed a bill titled: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Judge Robert J. Tornatta upon his retirement as Judge of the Vanderburgh Superior Court.. Description: A CONCURRENT RESOLUTION recognizing Judge Robert J. Tornatta upon his retirement as Judge of the Vanderburgh Superior Court.
