Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Kansas:
In 2025, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2025 legislative session. Description: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2025 legislative session
In 2025, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the assignment of seats in the House of Representatives for the 2025 Legislative session.. Description: Providing for the assignment of seats in the House of Representatives for the 2025 Legislative session.
In 2025, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing temporary rules for the House of Representatives until permanent rules are adopted.. Description: Providing temporary rules for the House of Representatives until permanent rules are adopted.
In 2025, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Providing the permanent rules of the House of Representatives for the 2025-2026 biennium.. Description: Providing the permanent rules of the House of Representatives for the 2025-2026 biennium.
In 2025, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2025 legislative session.. Description: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2025 legislative session.
In 2025, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the assignments of seats in the Senate for the 2025 Legislative session.. Description: Providing for the assignments of seats in the Senate for the 2025 Legislative session.
In 2025, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing temporary rules for the Senate until permanent rules are adopted.. Description: Providing temporary rules for the Senate until permanent rules are adopted.
In 2025, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for joint sessions of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing messages from the Governor, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and the Adjutant General.. Description: Providing for joint sessions of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing messages from the Governor, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and the Adjutant General.
In 2025, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the Joint Rules of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the 2025-2026 biennium.. Description: Providing for the Joint Rules of the House of Representatives and the Senate for the 2025-2026 biennium.
In 2025, Kansas passed a bill titled: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.. Description: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Updating approved types of personal flotation devices.. Description: Updating approved types of personal flotation devices.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the secretary of commerce to enter into agreements with major professional sports franchises to establish STAR bond projects for a major professional sports complex, providing for additional revenue sources, expanding the powers and discretion of the secretary and making other changes to the STAR bonds financing act to facilitate such projects, limiting the secretary’s authority to approve such projects to one year unless extended by the legislative coordinating council, authorizing the Kansas development finance authority to issue STAR bonds for such projects, transferring funds under certain circumstances from the state gaming revenues fund to the attracting professional sports to Kansas fund for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025, and, if approved by the legislative coordinating council, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026.. Description: Authorizing the secretary of commerce to enter into agreements with major professional sports franchises to establish STAR bond projects for a major professional sports complex, providing for additional revenue sources, expanding the powers and discretion of the secretary and making other changes to the STAR bonds financing act to facilitate such projects, limiting the secretary’s authority to approve such projects to one year unless extended by the legislative coordinating council, authorizing the Kansas development finance authority to issue STAR bonds for such projects, transferring funds under certain circumstances from the state gaming revenues fund to the attracting professional sports to Kansas fund for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025, and, if approved by the legislative coordinating council, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: A resolution honoring the life, career and trailblazing achievements of Kansas icon Ed Dwight.. Description: A resolution honoring the life, career and trailblazing achievements of Kansas icon Ed Dwight.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing November 14, 2024, as Ruby Bridges Walk to School Day.. Description: Recognizing November 14, 2024, as Ruby Bridges Walk to School Day.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Modifying income tax rates for individuals, exempting all social security benefits from Kansas income tax, increasing the Kansas standard deduction and the Kansas personal exemption, increasing the income tax credit amount for household and dependent care expenses, decreasing the privilege tax normal tax, excluding internal revenue code section 1031 exchange transactions as indicators of fair market value for property tax valuation purposes, increasing the extent of property tax exemption for residential property from the statewide school levy, providing for certain transfers to the state school district finance fund and abolishing the local ad valorem tax reduction fund and the county and city revenue sharing fund.. Description: Modifying income tax rates for individuals, exempting all social security benefits from Kansas income tax, increasing the Kansas standard deduction and the Kansas personal exemption, increasing the income tax credit amount for household and dependent care expenses, decreasing the privilege tax normal tax, excluding internal revenue code section 1031 exchange transactions as indicators of fair market value for property tax valuation purposes, increasing the extent of property tax exemption for residential property from the statewide school levy, providing for certain transfers to the state school district finance fund and abolishing the local ad valorem tax reduction fund and the county and city revenue sharing fund.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2024 special session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2024 special session of the Legislature.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for assignment of seats in the House of Representatives for the 2024 special session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for assignment of seats in the House of Representatives for the 2024 special session of the Legislature.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2024 special session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2024 special session of the Legislature.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment sine die of the 2024 special session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the adjournment sine die of the 2024 special session of the Legislature.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.. Description: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing countywide retailers' sales tax authority for Dickinson and Grant counties, providing for a sales tax exemption for area agencies on aging and purchases made by Kansas suicide prevention HQ, inc., providing that the secretary of revenue file a release of warrant in the county where such warrant is docketed, granting authority to the director of property valuation to develop qualifying courses and providing that certain tax notices and statements may be transmitted by electronic means by the county treasurer and county appraiser if consented to by the taxpayer.. Description: Providing countywide retailers' sales tax authority for Dickinson and Grant counties, providing for a sales tax exemption for area agencies on aging and purchases made by Kansas suicide prevention HQ, inc., providing that the secretary of revenue file a release of warrant in the county where such warrant is docketed, granting authority to the director of property valuation to develop qualifying courses and providing that certain tax notices and statements may be transmitted by electronic means by the county treasurer and county appraiser if consented to by the taxpayer.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2010 by Committee on Judiciary - Updating a statutory cross reference to provide proper jury instruction in cases when a defendant lacks the required mental state to commit a crime; increasing the penalty for certain violations of criminal discharge of a firearm when a person was present in the dwelling, building, structure or motor vehicle at which the offender discharged a firearm; enacting the reduce armed violence act to increase the criminal penalties for certain violations of criminal possession of a weapon by a convicted felon that involve firearms; providing that the service of postrelease supervision period shall not toll except as otherwise provided by law; and allowing certain nondrug offenders to participate in a certified drug abuse treatment program.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2010 by Committee on Judiciary - Updating a statutory cross reference to provide proper jury instruction in cases when a defendant lacks the required mental state to commit a crime; increasing the penalty for certain violations of criminal discharge of a firearm when a person was present in the dwelling, building, structure or motor vehicle at which the offender discharged a firearm; enacting the reduce armed violence act to increase the criminal penalties for certain violations of criminal possession of a weapon by a convicted felon that involve firearms; providing that the service of postrelease supervision period shall not toll except as otherwise provided by law; and allowing certain nondrug offenders to participate in a certified drug abuse treatment program.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of United States highway 69 in Crawford county as the Robert Lessen memorial highway.. Description: Designating a portion of United States highway 69 in Crawford county as the Robert Lessen memorial highway.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the designee of an employing agency or entity to petition the court for an order requiring infectious disease testing.. Description: Authorizing the designee of an employing agency or entity to petition the court for an order requiring infectious disease testing.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2016 by the Committee on Judiciary - Enacting the act against abusive access litigation to create a civil action for determining whether litigation that alleges any access violation under the Americans with disabilities act or similar law constitutes abusive litigation and authorize penalties for such abusive litigation.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2016 by the Committee on Judiciary - Enacting the act against abusive access litigation to create a civil action for determining whether litigation that alleges any access violation under the Americans with disabilities act or similar law constitutes abusive litigation and authorize penalties for such abusive litigation.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Implementing additional reporting requirements for information technology projects and state agencies, requiring additional information technology security training and status reports, requiring reporting of significant cybersecurity audits and changing the membership requirements, terms of members and the quorum requirements for the information technology executive council.. Description: Implementing additional reporting requirements for information technology projects and state agencies, requiring additional information technology security training and status reports, requiring reporting of significant cybersecurity audits and changing the membership requirements, terms of members and the quorum requirements for the information technology executive council.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing that the employment status of a driver of a motor carrier does not change as a result of the inclusion of safety improvements on a vehicle and establishing conditions for when a driver is an independent contractor for a transportation network company.. Description: Providing that the employment status of a driver of a motor carrier does not change as a result of the inclusion of safety improvements on a vehicle and establishing conditions for when a driver is an independent contractor for a transportation network company.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring the secretary for children and families to assess certain children and the secretary of corrections to provide certain services to juveniles in detention, changing the criteria used to refer and admit juveniles to a juvenile crisis intervention center, allowing evidence-based program account money to be used on certain children, requiring the department of corrections to build data systems and allowing for overall case length limit extensions for certain juvenile offenders.. Description: Requiring the secretary for children and families to assess certain children and the secretary of corrections to provide certain services to juveniles in detention, changing the criteria used to refer and admit juveniles to a juvenile crisis intervention center, allowing evidence-based program account money to be used on certain children, requiring the department of corrections to build data systems and allowing for overall case length limit extensions for certain juvenile offenders.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Expanding legal surrender of an infant to include newborn safety devices, requiring a referral of an alleged victim of child abuse or neglect for an examination as part of an investigation, creating a program in the department of health and environment to provide training and payment for such examinations, enacting the Representative Gail Finney memorial foster care bill of rights, applying the federal Indian child welfare act to certain actions under the revised Kansas code for care of children.. Description: Expanding legal surrender of an infant to include newborn safety devices, requiring a referral of an alleged victim of child abuse or neglect for an examination as part of an investigation, creating a program in the department of health and environment to provide training and payment for such examinations, enacting the Representative Gail Finney memorial foster care bill of rights, applying the federal Indian child welfare act to certain actions under the revised Kansas code for care of children.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating a procedure to prevent distribution of a decedent's assets to a person charged with the felonious killing of the decedent until criminal proceedings are completed.. Description: Creating a procedure to prevent distribution of a decedent's assets to a person charged with the felonious killing of the decedent until criminal proceedings are completed.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating Lehigh Portland state park and exempting disabled veterans from certain requirements and fees relating to hunting and fishing licenses.. Description: Designating Lehigh Portland state park and exempting disabled veterans from certain requirements and fees relating to hunting and fishing licenses.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing towing by self-storage unit operators of motor vehicles, watercraft or trailers for nonpayment of rent or abandonment and providing for notice to occupants, a right of redemption prior to towing and liability protection for operators.. Description: Authorizing towing by self-storage unit operators of motor vehicles, watercraft or trailers for nonpayment of rent or abandonment and providing for notice to occupants, a right of redemption prior to towing and liability protection for operators.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2047 by Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources - Requiring approval of livestock brand applications by the animal health commissioner, increasing the maximum amount for brand registration and renewal fees, prohibiting entering or remaining on and knowingly making false statements to gain access to animal facilities and field crop production areas, providing penalties therefor and removing the intent to destroy property in the farm animal and field crop and research facilities protection act.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2047 by Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources - Requiring approval of livestock brand applications by the animal health commissioner, increasing the maximum amount for brand registration and renewal fees, prohibiting entering or remaining on and knowingly making false statements to gain access to animal facilities and field crop production areas, providing penalties therefor and removing the intent to destroy property in the farm animal and field crop and research facilities protection act.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2053 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Providing for a presidential preference primary election on March 19, 2024, and establishing voter registration and voting procedures for such election.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2053 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Providing for a presidential preference primary election on March 19, 2024, and establishing voter registration and voting procedures for such election.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2058 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Authorizing any gaming compact regarding sports wagering to include provisions governing sports wagering outside the boundaries of Indian lands and crediting tax revenue generated from wagers on historical horse races to the horse breeding development fund and the horse fair racing benefit fund.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2058 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Authorizing any gaming compact regarding sports wagering to include provisions governing sports wagering outside the boundaries of Indian lands and crediting tax revenue generated from wagers on historical horse races to the horse breeding development fund and the horse fair racing benefit fund.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Exempting charitable raffle prizes of alcoholic liquor and cereal malt beverages from the Kansas liquor control act, the club and drinking establishment act and the Kansas cereal malt beverage act; amending the spirits, wine and beer distributors law regulating samples; requiring monthly remittance of gallonage taxes regarding special order shipping of wine; allowing businesses to sell cereal malt beverage by the drink on Sundays without requiring that 30% of the gross receipts of such businesses be derived from the sale of food; permitting food establishments to allow dogs in outside areas on the premises and food establishments that are microbreweries to allow dogs in outside and inside areas on the premises notwithstanding certain provisions of the Kansas food code; amending the common consumption area law to permit rather than require roads be blocked and allowing designation of such areas by signage.. Description: Exempting charitable raffle prizes of alcoholic liquor and cereal malt beverages from the Kansas liquor control act, the club and drinking establishment act and the Kansas cereal malt beverage act; amending the spirits, wine and beer distributors law regulating samples; requiring monthly remittance of gallonage taxes regarding special order shipping of wine; allowing businesses to sell cereal malt beverage by the drink on Sundays without requiring that 30% of the gross receipts of such businesses be derived from the sale of food; permitting food establishments to allow dogs in outside areas on the premises and food establishments that are microbreweries to allow dogs in outside and inside areas on the premises notwithstanding certain provisions of the Kansas food code; amending the common consumption area law to permit rather than require roads be blocked and allowing designation of such areas by signage.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2060 by Committee on Education - Authorizing payments from the state safety fund to community colleges for the provision of driver's education, authorizing the provision of tools, supplies and examinations to AO-K career pathway program participants and including high school equivalency credentials in performance-based payments for postsecondary educational institutions.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2060 by Committee on Education - Authorizing payments from the state safety fund to community colleges for the provision of driver's education, authorizing the provision of tools, supplies and examinations to AO-K career pathway program participants and including high school equivalency credentials in performance-based payments for postsecondary educational institutions.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing a court to change a spouse's name to a name that is different than a maiden or former name during a divorce proceeding.. Description: Allowing a court to change a spouse's name to a name that is different than a maiden or former name during a divorce proceeding.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Organization of the House of Representatives, 2019 Session.. Description: Organization of the House of Representatives, 2019 Session.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing students enrolled in a virtual school to take virtual state assessments.. Description: Authorizing students enrolled in a virtual school to take virtual state assessments.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing counties to create a code inspection and enforcement fund and a municipalities fight addiction fund, and expanding the scope of county equipment reserve fund to include other technology expenses.. Description: Authorizing counties to create a code inspection and enforcement fund and a municipalities fight addiction fund, and expanding the scope of county equipment reserve fund to include other technology expenses.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Directing political parties to have procedures for the selection of presidential electors.. Description: Directing political parties to have procedures for the selection of presidential electors.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the commissioner of insurance to set the amount of certain fees, specifying permissible uses of information obtained from background checks, fingerprinting and criminal history records checks; discontinuing annual registration fees for prepaid service plans and modifying reporting requirements related to such plans; and decreasing the premium tax rate imposed on surplus lines insurance.. Description: Authorizing the commissioner of insurance to set the amount of certain fees, specifying permissible uses of information obtained from background checks, fingerprinting and criminal history records checks; discontinuing annual registration fees for prepaid service plans and modifying reporting requirements related to such plans; and decreasing the premium tax rate imposed on surplus lines insurance.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Reapportioning the districts of certain members of the Washburn university board of regents who are appointed by the city of Topeka.. Description: Reapportioning the districts of certain members of the Washburn university board of regents who are appointed by the city of Topeka.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Discontinuing payments to certain group-funded insurance pools, refunding existing balances thereof and abolishing such funds and establishing the group-funded pools refund fund; adjusting the basis upon which certain premium tax calculations are made, requiring such premium taxes to be paid 90 days after each calendar year and basing such premium taxes upon the gross premiums collected for the previous calendar year; and adding fire districts to the definition of "municipality" for purposes of the the payment of COBRA premiums under certain circumstances.. Description: Discontinuing payments to certain group-funded insurance pools, refunding existing balances thereof and abolishing such funds and establishing the group-funded pools refund fund; adjusting the basis upon which certain premium tax calculations are made, requiring such premium taxes to be paid 90 days after each calendar year and basing such premium taxes upon the gross premiums collected for the previous calendar year; and adding fire districts to the definition of "municipality" for purposes of the the payment of COBRA premiums under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring work registrants ages 50-59 to complete an employment and training program to receive food assistance, establishing periods of ineligibility for child care subsidy based on cooperation with child support services and requiring the secretary to conduct reviews of cooperation with child support.. Description: Requiring work registrants ages 50-59 to complete an employment and training program to receive food assistance, establishing periods of ineligibility for child care subsidy based on cooperation with child support services and requiring the secretary to conduct reviews of cooperation with child support.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing a deduction from sales or compensating use tax when selling and buying different motor vehicles within 120 days, providing an exemption for certain purchases by disabled veterans of the armed forces of the United States, excluding manufacturers' coupons from the sales or selling price for sales tax purposes, providing sales tax exemptions for custom meat processing services and purchases for the construction or repair of buildings used for human habitation by the Kansas state school for the blind and the Kansas state school for the deaf, providing sales tax exemptions for certain purchases by doorstep inc., exploration place, inc., Kansas children's discovery center, inc. and the Kansas fairgrounds foundation and providing for a sales tax exemption for sales of property and services used in the provision of communications services.. Description: Providing a deduction from sales or compensating use tax when selling and buying different motor vehicles within 120 days, providing an exemption for certain purchases by disabled veterans of the armed forces of the United States, excluding manufacturers' coupons from the sales or selling price for sales tax purposes, providing sales tax exemptions for custom meat processing services and purchases for the construction or repair of buildings used for human habitation by the Kansas state school for the blind and the Kansas state school for the deaf, providing sales tax exemptions for certain purchases by doorstep inc., exploration place, inc., Kansas children's discovery center, inc. and the Kansas fairgrounds foundation and providing for a sales tax exemption for sales of property and services used in the provision of communications services.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the Kansas public investments and contracts protection act concerning environmental, social and governance (ESG) criteria, prohibiting the state and political subdivisions from giving preferential treatment to or discriminating against companies based on such ESG criteria in procuring or letting contracts, requiring KPERS fiduciaries to act solely in the financial interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the system, indemnifying KPERS with respect to actions taken in compliance with such act, restricting state agencies from adopting ESG criteria or requiring any person or business to operate in accordance with such criteria and providing for enforcement of such act by the attorney general.. Description: Enacting the Kansas public investments and contracts protection act concerning environmental, social and governance (ESG) criteria, prohibiting the state and political subdivisions from giving preferential treatment to or discriminating against companies based on such ESG criteria in procuring or letting contracts, requiring KPERS fiduciaries to act solely in the financial interest of the participants and beneficiaries of the system, indemnifying KPERS with respect to actions taken in compliance with such act, restricting state agencies from adopting ESG criteria or requiring any person or business to operate in accordance with such criteria and providing for enforcement of such act by the attorney general.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prohibiting postsecondary educational institutions from taking certain actions regarding admission applicants, applicants for employment and faculty concerning diversity, equity or inclusion, exceptions, providing for civil remedies and penalties, submitting a report to the legislature and posting information on the board of regents website.. Description: Prohibiting postsecondary educational institutions from taking certain actions regarding admission applicants, applicants for employment and faculty concerning diversity, equity or inclusion, exceptions, providing for civil remedies and penalties, submitting a report to the legislature and posting information on the board of regents website.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Renaming the joint committee on corrections and juvenile justice oversight in honor of Representative J. Russell (Russ) Jennings and requiring the committee to monitor the implementation of juvenile justice reforms.. Description: Renaming the joint committee on corrections and juvenile justice oversight in honor of Representative J. Russell (Russ) Jennings and requiring the committee to monitor the implementation of juvenile justice reforms.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for HB 2121 by the Committee on Judiciary - Extending the suspension of statutory speedy trial time limitations and providing that time during the COVID-19 public health emergency shall not be assessed against the state.. Description: Substitute for HB 2121 by the Committee on Judiciary - Extending the suspension of statutory speedy trial time limitations and providing that time during the COVID-19 public health emergency shall not be assessed against the state.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Military Appreciation Day at the Kansas Capitol.. Description: Recognizing Military Appreciation Day at the Kansas Capitol.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2124 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Permitting beer and hard cider sales by microbreweries to retailers, public venues, clubs, drinking establishments, holders of temporary permits and caterers and allowing such sales at special events to consumers.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2124 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Permitting beer and hard cider sales by microbreweries to retailers, public venues, clubs, drinking establishments, holders of temporary permits and caterers and allowing such sales at special events to consumers.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for charitable event permits and demonstration permits for body art services, authorizing cease and desist orders against unlicensed providers of body art services and requiring related administrative actions to be in accordance with the Kansas administrative procedure act and reviewable under the Kansas judicial review act and exempting adult care homes from statutes governing cosmetology and barbering facilities.. Description: Providing for charitable event permits and demonstration permits for body art services, authorizing cease and desist orders against unlicensed providers of body art services and requiring related administrative actions to be in accordance with the Kansas administrative procedure act and reviewable under the Kansas judicial review act and exempting adult care homes from statutes governing cosmetology and barbering facilities.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2127 by Committee on Judiciary - Permitting a prosecution for childhood sexual abuse to be commenced at any time, extending the time to file civil actions against an individual perpetrator or an entity for recovery of damages caused by childhood sexual abuse and providing exceptions in the Kansas tort claims act for claims arising from such abuse.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2127 by Committee on Judiciary - Permitting a prosecution for childhood sexual abuse to be commenced at any time, extending the time to file civil actions against an individual perpetrator or an entity for recovery of damages caused by childhood sexual abuse and providing exceptions in the Kansas tort claims act for claims arising from such abuse.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Permitting a copy of a will to be filed and admitted to probate, increasing certain dollar amounts in the Kansas probate code, adjusting time requirements linked to notice by publication and mailing in the Kansas probate code and clarifying how property held under a transfer-on-death deed is distributed when one beneficiary predeceases the grantor.. Description: Permitting a copy of a will to be filed and admitted to probate, increasing certain dollar amounts in the Kansas probate code, adjusting time requirements linked to notice by publication and mailing in the Kansas probate code and clarifying how property held under a transfer-on-death deed is distributed when one beneficiary predeceases the grantor.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing that the mission of the judicial council is to study the administration of justice in Kansas and make recommendations for improvements therefor.. Description: Providing that the mission of the judicial council is to study the administration of justice in Kansas and make recommendations for improvements therefor.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2138 by Committee on Education - Requiring school districts to provide separate accommodations for students of each biological sex on overnight school district sponsored trips, requiring contracts for exclusive broadcasts of state high school activities association activities to permit certain local broadcasts and providing for administrative review of resolutions to permanently close a school building of a school district.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2138 by Committee on Education - Requiring school districts to provide separate accommodations for students of each biological sex on overnight school district sponsored trips, requiring contracts for exclusive broadcasts of state high school activities association activities to permit certain local broadcasts and providing for administrative review of resolutions to permanently close a school building of a school district.
In 2023, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Requiring custodial and non-custodial parents to cooperate with child support enforcement programs for food assistance eligibility and disqualifying such parents from food assistance for being delinquent in support payments.. Description: Requiring custodial and non-custodial parents to cooperate with child support enforcement programs for food assistance eligibility and disqualifying such parents from food assistance for being delinquent in support payments.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2144 by Committee on Judiciary - Creating the crimes of encouraging suicide and organized retail crime, providing criminal penalties for violation thereof, including organized retail crime in the definition of racketeering activity under the Kansas racketeer influenced and corrupt organization act and authorizing the attorney general to prosecute specified crimes that are part of an alleged course of criminal conduct that occurred in two or more counties.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2144 by Committee on Judiciary - Creating the crimes of encouraging suicide and organized retail crime, providing criminal penalties for violation thereof, including organized retail crime in the definition of racketeering activity under the Kansas racketeer influenced and corrupt organization act and authorizing the attorney general to prosecute specified crimes that are part of an alleged course of criminal conduct that occurred in two or more counties.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring a person providing wrecker or towing service or agency to provide a certification of compliance to a purchaser upon the sale and transfer of an abandoned or towed vehicle, prohibiting the manufacture, importation, distribution, sale, offer for sale, installation or reinstallation of a counterfeit supplemental restraint system component or nonfunctional airbag and providing for criminal penalties for violation thereof and expanding permitted lighting equipment on vehicles to include all ground effect lighting.. Description: Requiring a person providing wrecker or towing service or agency to provide a certification of compliance to a purchaser upon the sale and transfer of an abandoned or towed vehicle, prohibiting the manufacture, importation, distribution, sale, offer for sale, installation or reinstallation of a counterfeit supplemental restraint system component or nonfunctional airbag and providing for criminal penalties for violation thereof and expanding permitted lighting equipment on vehicles to include all ground effect lighting.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Ensuring that refrigerants that are approved for use under federal law may be used in Kansas.. Description: Ensuring that refrigerants that are approved for use under federal law may be used in Kansas.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Exempting the transport of cotton bales from the secured load requirements under certain conditions.. Description: Exempting the transport of cotton bales from the secured load requirements under certain conditions.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2170 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Creating the donor intent protection act to provide enforcement of donor-imposed restrictions on philanthropic gifts of endowment funds or to endowment funds.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2170 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Creating the donor intent protection act to provide enforcement of donor-imposed restrictions on philanthropic gifts of endowment funds or to endowment funds.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the uniform trust decanting act, authorizing modification of a noncharitable irrevocable trust to provide that the rule against perpetuities is inapplicable, providing that the Kansas uniform statutory rule against perpetuities is inapplicable to trusts under certain circumstances and modifying the definition of resident trust in the Kansas income tax act.. Description: Enacting the uniform trust decanting act, authorizing modification of a noncharitable irrevocable trust to provide that the rule against perpetuities is inapplicable, providing that the Kansas uniform statutory rule against perpetuities is inapplicable to trusts under certain circumstances and modifying the definition of resident trust in the Kansas income tax act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the Arkansas city area public library district act and the Udall area public library district act, requiring an election for the creation of such district and authorizing unified school districts No. 470 and 463 to levy a tax on behalf of such library district.. Description: Creating the Arkansas city area public library district act and the Udall area public library district act, requiring an election for the creation of such district and authorizing unified school districts No. 470 and 463 to levy a tax on behalf of such library district.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Making and concerning appropriations for fiscal years 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 for various state agencies.. Description: Making and concerning appropriations for fiscal years 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 for various state agencies.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing membership affiliation in the Kansas police and firemen's retirement system for certain law enforcement officers and employees of the Kansas department of wildlife and parks, expanding deferred retirement option program (DROP) membership to all Kansas police and firemen's retirement system members and extending the expiration date on DROP.. Description: Providing membership affiliation in the Kansas police and firemen's retirement system for certain law enforcement officers and employees of the Kansas department of wildlife and parks, expanding deferred retirement option program (DROP) membership to all Kansas police and firemen's retirement system members and extending the expiration date on DROP.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing a procedure for the distribution of a first-time home buyer savings account balance upon the death of an account holder, changing the term "transfer on death" to "payable on death" and resolving a conflict when beneficiaries differ on a financial institution's account records and tax forms required by the secretary of revenue.. Description: Providing a procedure for the distribution of a first-time home buyer savings account balance upon the death of an account holder, changing the term "transfer on death" to "payable on death" and resolving a conflict when beneficiaries differ on a financial institution's account records and tax forms required by the secretary of revenue.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Changing the name of the Larned correctional mental health facility to the Larned state correctional facility and removing references to facilities that no longer exist.. Description: Changing the name of the Larned correctional mental health facility to the Larned state correctional facility and removing references to facilities that no longer exist.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Removing the mandatory term of imprisonment as a penalty for driving with license that is canceled, suspended or revoked for failure to pay fines.. Description: Removing the mandatory term of imprisonment as a penalty for driving with license that is canceled, suspended or revoked for failure to pay fines.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Limiting cost recovery for certain electric public utilities' transmission-related costs.. Description: Limiting cost recovery for certain electric public utilities' transmission-related costs.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending the time period for notice of excavations and permitting use of virtual whitelining for excavations.. Description: Extending the time period for notice of excavations and permitting use of virtual whitelining for excavations.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the fairness in women's sports act to require that female student athletic teams only include members who are biologically female.. Description: Creating the fairness in women's sports act to require that female student athletic teams only include members who are biologically female.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring the clerk of the district court to give notice of qualified residential treatment program placement.. Description: Requiring the clerk of the district court to give notice of qualified residential treatment program placement.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2247 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Insurance - Modifying certain terms, definitions, deadlines and provisions contained in the uniform consumer credit code and transferring mortgage provisions from the uniform consumer credit code to the Kansas mortgage business act.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2247 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Insurance - Modifying certain terms, definitions, deadlines and provisions contained in the uniform consumer credit code and transferring mortgage provisions from the uniform consumer credit code to the Kansas mortgage business act.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing six months of an embalmer apprenticeship to be completed prior to an individual attending mortuary science school. Description: Allowing six months of an embalmer apprenticeship to be completed prior to an individual attending mortuary science school
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring notification to patients that the effects of a medication abortion may be reversible and revising the definition of "abortion" to clarify procedures that are excluded from such definition.. Description: Requiring notification to patients that the effects of a medication abortion may be reversible and revising the definition of "abortion" to clarify procedures that are excluded from such definition.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the Kansas cigarette and tobacco products act to raise the minimum age to 21 years old for the sale, purchase or possession of cigarettes, electronic cigarettes or tobacco products.. Description: Amending the Kansas cigarette and tobacco products act to raise the minimum age to 21 years old for the sale, purchase or possession of cigarettes, electronic cigarettes or tobacco products.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring groundwater management districts to submit annual written reports to the legislature and to provide water conservation and stabilization action plans to the chief engineer.. Description: Requiring groundwater management districts to submit annual written reports to the legislature and to provide water conservation and stabilization action plans to the chief engineer.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the counseling compact to provide for interstate practice privileges for professional counselors.. Description: Enacting the counseling compact to provide for interstate practice privileges for professional counselors.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the affiliation of northwest Kansas technical college and north central Kansas technical college with Fort Hays state university.. Description: Authorizing the affiliation of northwest Kansas technical college and north central Kansas technical college with Fort Hays state university.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Promoting Kansas workforce development by enacting the Kansas apprenticeship act to expand apprenticeships with businesses, healthcare organizations and nonprofit organizations through tax credits and grants and to develop teaching apprenticeships with public schools through scholarships for professional teaching degrees and by establishing a program to provide matching grants to public and private professional engineering schools for engineering scholarships and program development costs.. Description: Promoting Kansas workforce development by enacting the Kansas apprenticeship act to expand apprenticeships with businesses, healthcare organizations and nonprofit organizations through tax credits and grants and to develop teaching apprenticeships with public schools through scholarships for professional teaching degrees and by establishing a program to provide matching grants to public and private professional engineering schools for engineering scholarships and program development costs.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of interstate 435 as the Officer Donald Burton Gamblin Jr memorial highway and a portion of United States highway 69 as the Robert Lessen memorial highway.. Description: Designating a portion of interstate 435 as the Officer Donald Burton Gamblin Jr memorial highway and a portion of United States highway 69 as the Robert Lessen memorial highway.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2302 by Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources - Making appropriations for the state treasurer for fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2024, providing for a transfer of moneys from the state general fund to the state water plan fund for fiscal year 2024, establishing the water technical assistance fund and the water projects grant fund for water-related infrastructure projects.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2302 by Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources - Making appropriations for the state treasurer for fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2024, providing for a transfer of moneys from the state general fund to the state water plan fund for fiscal year 2024, establishing the water technical assistance fund and the water projects grant fund for water-related infrastructure projects.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the born-alive infants protection act to provide legal protections for infants who are born alive regardless of the intent of the delivery.. Description: Creating the born-alive infants protection act to provide legal protections for infants who are born alive regardless of the intent of the delivery.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing loans or grants for qualified track maintenance in the rail service improvement program and increasing the transfer from the state highway fund to the rail service improvement fund.. Description: Authorizing loans or grants for qualified track maintenance in the rail service improvement program and increasing the transfer from the state highway fund to the rail service improvement fund.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Revising the definition of "children with disabilities" for purposes of providing special education to replace emotional disturbance with emotional disability.. Description: Revising the definition of "children with disabilities" for purposes of providing special education to replace emotional disturbance with emotional disability.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the detachment and transfer of fire district property annexed by a city.. Description: Providing for the detachment and transfer of fire district property annexed by a city.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending the sunset date on the scrap metal theft reduction act and clarifying that catalytic converters are covered by the act.. Description: Extending the sunset date on the scrap metal theft reduction act and clarifying that catalytic converters are covered by the act.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating references and corresponding changes related to 2021 Executive Reorganization Order No. 48 and the transfer of the division of tourism from the department of wildlife and parks to the department of commerce.. Description: Updating references and corresponding changes related to 2021 Executive Reorganization Order No. 48 and the transfer of the division of tourism from the department of wildlife and parks to the department of commerce.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing bonding authority and simplifying the approval process for public airport construction and improvement projects under the surplus property and public airport authority act and increasing the cost threshold for state construction projects when the convening of a negotiating committee to obtain professional services is required.. Description: Increasing bonding authority and simplifying the approval process for public airport construction and improvement projects under the surplus property and public airport authority act and increasing the cost threshold for state construction projects when the convening of a negotiating committee to obtain professional services is required.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the back the blue license plate and the city of Topeka distinctive license plate and allowing distinctive license plates to be personalized license plates.. Description: Providing for the back the blue license plate and the city of Topeka distinctive license plate and allowing distinctive license plates to be personalized license plates.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the crimes of human smuggling and aggravated human smuggling and providing penalties therefor.. Description: Creating the crimes of human smuggling and aggravated human smuggling and providing penalties therefor.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the amount of time a person may be held for treatment and adding criteria for when continued treatment may be ordered under the care and treatment act for mentally ill persons.. Description: Increasing the amount of time a person may be held for treatment and adding criteria for when continued treatment may be ordered under the care and treatment act for mentally ill persons.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Relating to the uniform vital statistics act; regarding certification of individual causes of death; permitting cause of death certifiers to provide certification.. Description: Relating to the uniform vital statistics act; regarding certification of individual causes of death; permitting cause of death certifiers to provide certification.
In 2023, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: House Substitute for HB 2390 by Committee on Public Health and Welfare - Requiring the secretary of health and environment to study drug overdose death cases and providing for the confidentiality of acquired and related records, restricting the authority of the secretary of health and environment and local health officers to prevent the introduction and spread of infectious or contagious diseases and repealing the authority of the secretary to quarantine individuals and impose associated penalties.. Description: House Substitute for HB 2390 by Committee on Public Health and Welfare - Requiring the secretary of health and environment to study drug overdose death cases and providing for the confidentiality of acquired and related records, restricting the authority of the secretary of health and environment and local health officers to prevent the introduction and spread of infectious or contagious diseases and repealing the authority of the secretary to quarantine individuals and impose associated penalties.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the 1st Infantry Division and the armed services occupation medal distinctive license plates and relating to the definition of veteran and disabled veteran in certain statutes.. Description: Providing for the 1st Infantry Division and the armed services occupation medal distinctive license plates and relating to the definition of veteran and disabled veteran in certain statutes.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Continuing in existence certain exceptions to the disclosure of public records under the open records act.. Description: Continuing in existence certain exceptions to the disclosure of public records under the open records act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2436 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Creating the crime of coercion to obtain an abortion and providing enhanced criminal penalties for offenses committed with the intent to coerce a woman to obtain an abortion.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2436 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Creating the crime of coercion to obtain an abortion and providing enhanced criminal penalties for offenses committed with the intent to coerce a woman to obtain an abortion.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the dentist and dental hygienist compact to provide interstate practice privileges for dentists and dental hygienists.. Description: Enacting the dentist and dental hygienist compact to provide interstate practice privileges for dentists and dental hygienists.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the adoption savings account act allowing individuals to establish adoption savings accounts with certain financial institutions, providing eligible expenses, requirements and restrictions for such accounts and establishing addition and subtraction modifications for contributions to such accounts under the Kansas income tax act, increasing the income tax credit amount for adoption expenses, establishing an income, privilege and premium tax credit for contributions to eligible charitable organizations operating pregnancy centers or residential maternity facilities and providing for a sales tax exemption for purchases by pregnancy resource centers and residential maternity facilities.. Description: Enacting the adoption savings account act allowing individuals to establish adoption savings accounts with certain financial institutions, providing eligible expenses, requirements and restrictions for such accounts and establishing addition and subtraction modifications for contributions to such accounts under the Kansas income tax act, increasing the income tax credit amount for adoption expenses, establishing an income, privilege and premium tax credit for contributions to eligible charitable organizations operating pregnancy centers or residential maternity facilities and providing for a sales tax exemption for purchases by pregnancy resource centers and residential maternity facilities.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the maximum reimbursement from the Kansas agricultural remediation fund from $200,000 to $300,000 for an eligible person and from $400,000 to $600,000 when both a buyer and a seller or a lessee and a lessor are responsible for remediation and increasing the amount available to the Kansas agricultural remediation board for administrative overhead expenses from $150,000 to $175,000.. Description: Increasing the maximum reimbursement from the Kansas agricultural remediation fund from $200,000 to $300,000 for an eligible person and from $400,000 to $600,000 when both a buyer and a seller or a lessee and a lessor are responsible for remediation and increasing the amount available to the Kansas agricultural remediation board for administrative overhead expenses from $150,000 to $175,000.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating portions of K-96 highway as the PFC Henry Lee Fisher memorial highway and the 96th Infantry Division memorial highway, a portion of United States highway 69 as the Ken W Brock memorial highway, a portion of United States highway 81 as the Merle Miller memorial highway and a portion of United States highway 281 as the first responders memorial highway, redesignating a current portion of the American Legion memorial highway for United States highway 281 and redesignating a current portion of the Frank Carlson memorial highway for United States highway 81, designating bridge No. 160-96-293.72 in Sumner county as the SrA Derek Scott Martin memorial bridge and designating the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe #3415 as the official state steam locomotive and the Abilene & Smoky Valley Railroad as the official state heritage railroad.. Description: Designating portions of K-96 highway as the PFC Henry Lee Fisher memorial highway and the 96th Infantry Division memorial highway, a portion of United States highway 69 as the Ken W Brock memorial highway, a portion of United States highway 81 as the Merle Miller memorial highway and a portion of United States highway 281 as the first responders memorial highway, redesignating a current portion of the American Legion memorial highway for United States highway 281 and redesignating a current portion of the Frank Carlson memorial highway for United States highway 81, designating bridge No. 160-96-293.72 in Sumner county as the SrA Derek Scott Martin memorial bridge and designating the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe #3415 as the official state steam locomotive and the Abilene & Smoky Valley Railroad as the official state heritage railroad.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Eliminating the requirement to conduct a recurring 911 implementation audit, a recurring KPERS audit and certain economic development incentive audits.. Description: Eliminating the requirement to conduct a recurring 911 implementation audit, a recurring KPERS audit and certain economic development incentive audits.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the social work licensure compact to provide interstate practice privileges for social workers.. Description: Enacting the social work licensure compact to provide interstate practice privileges for social workers.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Abolishing the law enforcement training center fund; all liabilities of such fund are transferred to and imposed on the state general fund; moneys previously credited to such fund shall be credited to the state general fund.. Description: Abolishing the law enforcement training center fund; all liabilities of such fund are transferred to and imposed on the state general fund; moneys previously credited to such fund shall be credited to the state general fund.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the Kansas commission for the United States semiquincentennial.. Description: Establishing the Kansas commission for the United States semiquincentennial.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the transfer from the state highway fund to the public use general aviation airport development fund.. Description: Increasing the transfer from the state highway fund to the public use general aviation airport development fund.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring railroads operating in Kansas to maintain minimum distances from the near-edge of railroad crossings to the storage of certain rolling stock on sidings.. Description: Requiring railroads operating in Kansas to maintain minimum distances from the near-edge of railroad crossings to the storage of certain rolling stock on sidings.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for additional sources of revenue for the water program management fund and creating additional fees for the regulation of underground injection control wells.. Description: Providing for additional sources of revenue for the water program management fund and creating additional fees for the regulation of underground injection control wells.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing electric public utilities to recover certain depreciation and construction work in progress expenses and limiting the time that such recovery may be implemented, authorizing the provision of economic development electric rates for certain large electric customers and limiting the time that such rates may be implemented, extending the timeline for the state corporation commission to issue an order in ratemaking treatment proceedings, authorizing electric public utilities to retain certain generating facilities in the utilty's rate base, prohibiting the commission from authorizing the retirement of certain generating facilities unless certain requirements are met, increasing the capacity limitation for the total amount of net metering facilities that may operate in the service territory of an investor-owned electric public utility, requiring net metering facilities to be appropriately sized based on the customer's average load and establishing requirements for exporting power from a net metering system to a utility.. Description: Authorizing electric public utilities to recover certain depreciation and construction work in progress expenses and limiting the time that such recovery may be implemented, authorizing the provision of economic development electric rates for certain large electric customers and limiting the time that such rates may be implemented, extending the timeline for the state corporation commission to issue an order in ratemaking treatment proceedings, authorizing electric public utilities to retain certain generating facilities in the utilty's rate base, prohibiting the commission from authorizing the retirement of certain generating facilities unless certain requirements are met, increasing the capacity limitation for the total amount of net metering facilities that may operate in the service territory of an investor-owned electric public utility, requiring net metering facilities to be appropriately sized based on the customer's average load and establishing requirements for exporting power from a net metering system to a utility.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Relating to the wildlife and parks commission, granting appointment authority to multiple state officers and authorizing the election of the chairperson thereof.. Description: Relating to the wildlife and parks commission, granting appointment authority to multiple state officers and authorizing the election of the chairperson thereof.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the Kansas purple alert plan to provide public notice of missing persons 18 years of age or older who have been diagnosed with an intellectual disability and are in certain dangerous circumstances.. Description: Establishing the Kansas purple alert plan to provide public notice of missing persons 18 years of age or older who have been diagnosed with an intellectual disability and are in certain dangerous circumstances.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the SOUL family legal permanency option for children 16 years of age or older.. Description: Establishing the SOUL family legal permanency option for children 16 years of age or older.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the sale of property not retrieved by an occupant after notice, allowing electronic signatures and delivery for rental agreements, defining property that has no commercial value, providing for the deemed effectiveness of rental agreements not signed or delivered by an owner or occupant and specifying custody of abandoned or towed property under the self-service storage act.. Description: Providing for the sale of property not retrieved by an occupant after notice, allowing electronic signatures and delivery for rental agreements, defining property that has no commercial value, providing for the deemed effectiveness of rental agreements not signed or delivered by an owner or occupant and specifying custody of abandoned or towed property under the self-service storage act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Pertaining to the regulation of certain drugs, authorizing schools to maintain stock supplies of emergency medication kits for certain life-threatening conditions and adding and removing certain substances in schedules I, II, IV and V of the uniform controlled substances act and making conforming changes to the criminal code definition of fentanyl-related controlled substances.. Description: Pertaining to the regulation of certain drugs, authorizing schools to maintain stock supplies of emergency medication kits for certain life-threatening conditions and adding and removing certain substances in schedules I, II, IV and V of the uniform controlled substances act and making conforming changes to the criminal code definition of fentanyl-related controlled substances.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Changing the lists of persons who are required to be given notice of the hearing on a petition for an independent or stepparent, private agency or public agency adoption and limiting a petition to terminate parental rights to adoption proceedings and setting requirements for such petitions filed separately from petitions for adoption.. Description: Changing the lists of persons who are required to be given notice of the hearing on a petition for an independent or stepparent, private agency or public agency adoption and limiting a petition to terminate parental rights to adoption proceedings and setting requirements for such petitions filed separately from petitions for adoption.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Making and concerning appropriations for fiscal years 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 for various state agencies; constituting the omnibus reconciliation spending limit bill for the 2024 regular session; payment of certain claims against the state.. Description: Making and concerning appropriations for fiscal years 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 for various state agencies; constituting the omnibus reconciliation spending limit bill for the 2024 regular session; payment of certain claims against the state.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Expanding the definition of "peer support counseling session" in the rules of evidence.. Description: Expanding the definition of "peer support counseling session" in the rules of evidence.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the Kansas money transmission act and the Kansas earned wage access services act, providing when applications under the state banking code are considered abandoned or expired, allowing an originating trustee to have such trustee's principal place of business outside of Kansas, authorizing any person to become a depositor or lessor of a safe deposit box, providing methods in which bank deposits may be withdrawn by a depositor and prohibiting banks from requiring a cosigner for an account of a child in the custody of the secretary for children and families, secretary of corrections or a federally recognized Indian tribe.. Description: Enacting the Kansas money transmission act and the Kansas earned wage access services act, providing when applications under the state banking code are considered abandoned or expired, allowing an originating trustee to have such trustee's principal place of business outside of Kansas, authorizing any person to become a depositor or lessor of a safe deposit box, providing methods in which bank deposits may be withdrawn by a depositor and prohibiting banks from requiring a cosigner for an account of a child in the custody of the secretary for children and families, secretary of corrections or a federally recognized Indian tribe.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing domestic credit unions to operate outside of the state, providing civil penalties for certain violations, allowing the administrator to enter into informal agreements, removing requirements regarding duplicate filings, establishing appeals procedures for suspended credit and supervisory committee members and requiring the members of a merged credit union to approve such merger.. Description: Authorizing domestic credit unions to operate outside of the state, providing civil penalties for certain violations, allowing the administrator to enter into informal agreements, removing requirements regarding duplicate filings, establishing appeals procedures for suspended credit and supervisory committee members and requiring the members of a merged credit union to approve such merger.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the protect vulnerable adults from financial exploitation act, authorizing the real estate commission to issue cease and desist orders in under certain circumstances and regulating contract for deed transactions.. Description: Enacting the protect vulnerable adults from financial exploitation act, authorizing the real estate commission to issue cease and desist orders in under certain circumstances and regulating contract for deed transactions.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for HB 2570 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Defining benefit year, temporary unemployment, wages and other terms in the employment security law, requiring electronic filing for certain employers, establishing qualifications for employment security board of review candidates, extending the deadline for new accounts following business acquisitions, making certain changes to the employer rate schedules and lowering rates for new employers, enabling employers to report claimant work search issues, confirming legislative coordinating council oversight for the new unemployment insurance information technology system implementation, authorizing the secretary to grant additional temporary unemployment in certain circumstances, requiring the secretary to publish certain information, abolishing the employment security interest assessment fund and providing relief for negative account balance employers.. Description: Substitute for HB 2570 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Defining benefit year, temporary unemployment, wages and other terms in the employment security law, requiring electronic filing for certain employers, establishing qualifications for employment security board of review candidates, extending the deadline for new accounts following business acquisitions, making certain changes to the employer rate schedules and lowering rates for new employers, enabling employers to report claimant work search issues, confirming legislative coordinating council oversight for the new unemployment insurance information technology system implementation, authorizing the secretary to grant additional temporary unemployment in certain circumstances, requiring the secretary to publish certain information, abolishing the employment security interest assessment fund and providing relief for negative account balance employers.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing discretionary authority to the state treasurer to transfer moneys certified as equivalent to the aggregate net amount received for unclaimed property to the KPERS board and to liquidate such moneys for further investment by the pooled money investment board or for necessary payments to owners of unclaimed property.. Description: Providing discretionary authority to the state treasurer to transfer moneys certified as equivalent to the aggregate net amount received for unclaimed property to the KPERS board and to liquidate such moneys for further investment by the pooled money investment board or for necessary payments to owners of unclaimed property.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the criminal penalties for harming or killing certain dogs and horses and requiring restitution for such offense to include certain expenses.. Description: Increasing the criminal penalties for harming or killing certain dogs and horses and requiring restitution for such offense to include certain expenses.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the board of directors for a drainage district to hold a meeting in executive session in accordance with the open meetings act.. Description: Authorizing the board of directors for a drainage district to hold a meeting in executive session in accordance with the open meetings act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain telecommunications and video service providers to operate in county public right-of-way and limiting the fees and costs that a county may impose upon such providers for such activities.. Description: Authorizing certain telecommunications and video service providers to operate in county public right-of-way and limiting the fees and costs that a county may impose upon such providers for such activities.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating the maximum penalties that may be imposed by the state corporation commission for pipeline safety violations to comply with requirements of the federal pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration.. Description: Updating the maximum penalties that may be imposed by the state corporation commission for pipeline safety violations to comply with requirements of the federal pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the dollar amount for a small claim to $10,000.. Description: Increasing the dollar amount for a small claim to $10,000.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the maximum rate paid to appointed counsel for an indigent person.. Description: Increasing the maximum rate paid to appointed counsel for an indigent person.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the Kansas pesticide law to expand the applicability of civil and criminal penalties and update requirements for training and supervision, proof of financial responsibility, pesticide applications in the sodium cyanide predator control category and record retention by government agencies.. Description: Amending the Kansas pesticide law to expand the applicability of civil and criminal penalties and update requirements for training and supervision, proof of financial responsibility, pesticide applications in the sodium cyanide predator control category and record retention by government agencies.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the publishing, printing and distributing of state laws and administrative rules and regulations.. Description: Providing for the publishing, printing and distributing of state laws and administrative rules and regulations.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring the secretary for children and families to release certain information related to a child fatality when criminal charges are filed alleging that a person caused such fatality.. Description: Requiring the secretary for children and families to release certain information related to a child fatality when criminal charges are filed alleging that a person caused such fatality.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring the secretary for health and environment to provide a death certificate of a child to the state child death review board, increasing the number of board members, allowing for compensation and providing for the disclosure of certain records to certain persons for securing grants.. Description: Requiring the secretary for health and environment to provide a death certificate of a child to the state child death review board, increasing the number of board members, allowing for compensation and providing for the disclosure of certain records to certain persons for securing grants.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Expanding membership of the law enforcement memorial advisory committee to include a representative of the Kansas chapter of concerns of police survivors to be appointed by the governor.. Description: Expanding membership of the law enforcement memorial advisory committee to include a representative of the Kansas chapter of concerns of police survivors to be appointed by the governor.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing an additional corrective control provision for the chief engineer to consider when issuing orders of designations for local enhanced managements areas and intensive groundwater use control areas.. Description: Providing an additional corrective control provision for the chief engineer to consider when issuing orders of designations for local enhanced managements areas and intensive groundwater use control areas.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the uniform nonparent visitation act;. Description: Enacting the uniform nonparent visitation act;
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring the director of the budget to independently determine costs of compliance and implementation for all proposed rules and regulations and authorizing the director of the budget to disapprove proposed rules and regulations.. Description: Requiring the director of the budget to independently determine costs of compliance and implementation for all proposed rules and regulations and authorizing the director of the budget to disapprove proposed rules and regulations.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Modifying requirements related to certain business entity filings with the secretary of state, authorizing a change of registered office address by a current occupant under the business entity standard treatment act and changing the information required in an amendment to the articles of incorporation for a cooperative.. Description: Modifying requirements related to certain business entity filings with the secretary of state, authorizing a change of registered office address by a current occupant under the business entity standard treatment act and changing the information required in an amendment to the articles of incorporation for a cooperative.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring vacancies in county commissioner districts created by an increase in the number of commissioner districts be filled at the next general election and providing for staggered terms for such newly elected county commissioners.. Description: Requiring vacancies in county commissioner districts created by an increase in the number of commissioner districts be filled at the next general election and providing for staggered terms for such newly elected county commissioners.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing criminal penalties for a driver who leaves the scene of a vehicular accident when the accident results in the death of any person or more than one person, if the driver knew or reasonably should have known that such accident resulted in injury or death.. Description: Increasing criminal penalties for a driver who leaves the scene of a vehicular accident when the accident results in the death of any person or more than one person, if the driver knew or reasonably should have known that such accident resulted in injury or death.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Including placement in foster care as a criteria for a student to be eligible for at-risk programs and services.. Description: Including placement in foster care as a criteria for a student to be eligible for at-risk programs and services.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Abolishing the 911 coordinating council and establishing the state 911 board; abolishing the 911 operations fund, 911 state fund and 911 state grant fund outside of the state treasury and establishing the state 911 operations fund, state 911 fund and state 911 grant fund in the state treasury; increasing the minimum county distribution of 911 moneys; and authorizing counties to contract with other counties for the provision of 911 PSAP services.. Description: Abolishing the 911 coordinating council and establishing the state 911 board; abolishing the 911 operations fund, 911 state fund and 911 state grant fund outside of the state treasury and establishing the state 911 operations fund, state 911 fund and state 911 grant fund in the state treasury; increasing the minimum county distribution of 911 moneys; and authorizing counties to contract with other counties for the provision of 911 PSAP services.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the countries of concern divestment act, increasing the statutory alternative investment percentage limitation for the KPERS trust fund, increasing the amount of KPERS retirant compensation subject to the statutory employer contribution rate to the first $40,000 earned in a calendar year, providing a KPERS working after retirement exemption for retirants employed by a community developmental disability organization or a community service provider in a licensed professional nurse, licensed practical nurse or direct support position and increasing the working after retirement earnings limit for members of the Kansas police and firemen's retirement system.. Description: Enacting the countries of concern divestment act, increasing the statutory alternative investment percentage limitation for the KPERS trust fund, increasing the amount of KPERS retirant compensation subject to the statutory employer contribution rate to the first $40,000 earned in a calendar year, providing a KPERS working after retirement exemption for retirants employed by a community developmental disability organization or a community service provider in a licensed professional nurse, licensed practical nurse or direct support position and increasing the working after retirement earnings limit for members of the Kansas police and firemen's retirement system.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing counties to use home rule powers to exempt from conducting school sanitary inspections.. Description: Authorizing counties to use home rule powers to exempt from conducting school sanitary inspections.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing that military spouses of active military servicemembers shall be exempted from all occupational licensing, registration and certification fees.. Description: Providing that military spouses of active military servicemembers shall be exempted from all occupational licensing, registration and certification fees.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring medical care facilities and providers to report the reasons for each abortion performed at such facility or by such provider to the secretary of health and environment.. Description: Requiring medical care facilities and providers to report the reasons for each abortion performed at such facility or by such provider to the secretary of health and environment.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prescribing documentation requirements to determine eligibility for any benefit derived from a service-connected disability, requiring that federal disability determinations for veterans be probative, establishing the Kansas office of veterans services, updating references and corresponding changes relating to the transfer of powers and duties from the Kansas commission on veterans affairs office to the Kansas office of veterans services, updating the veterans claims assistance program to include references to veterans affairs medical centers and cross-accreditation requirements, modifying the definition of veteran and disabled veteran, clarifying disability evaluations for benefits granted to disabled veterans and updating the definition of armed forces to include the space force.. Description: Prescribing documentation requirements to determine eligibility for any benefit derived from a service-connected disability, requiring that federal disability determinations for veterans be probative, establishing the Kansas office of veterans services, updating references and corresponding changes relating to the transfer of powers and duties from the Kansas commission on veterans affairs office to the Kansas office of veterans services, updating the veterans claims assistance program to include references to veterans affairs medical centers and cross-accreditation requirements, modifying the definition of veteran and disabled veteran, clarifying disability evaluations for benefits granted to disabled veterans and updating the definition of armed forces to include the space force.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing compensation from the crime victims compensation board to be awarded for criminally injurious conduct, and increasing the amount that can be transferred from the crime victims compensation fund to the crime victims assistance fund in each fiscal year.. Description: Allowing compensation from the crime victims compensation board to be awarded for criminally injurious conduct, and increasing the amount that can be transferred from the crime victims compensation fund to the crime victims assistance fund in each fiscal year.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Concerning motor vehicles; prohibiting any state agency, city or county from regulating or restricting the use or sale of motor vehicles based on the energy source used; allowing state agencies and local governments to establish purchase policies regarding the energy source for vehicles.. Description: Concerning motor vehicles; prohibiting any state agency, city or county from regulating or restricting the use or sale of motor vehicles based on the energy source used; allowing state agencies and local governments to establish purchase policies regarding the energy source for vehicles.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the state fire marshal from wearing or operating a body camera during an on-site inspection at a licensed facility, transferring authority for certification of continuing care retirement communities to the Kansas department for aging and disability services, authorizing the secretary of aging and disability services to grant certain regulation waivers to providers of disability services, adding a definition of day service provider and providing for expanded certification of certified community behavioral health clinics after February 1, 2027.. Description: Prohibiting the state fire marshal from wearing or operating a body camera during an on-site inspection at a licensed facility, transferring authority for certification of continuing care retirement communities to the Kansas department for aging and disability services, authorizing the secretary of aging and disability services to grant certain regulation waivers to providers of disability services, adding a definition of day service provider and providing for expanded certification of certified community behavioral health clinics after February 1, 2027.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating certain definitions, terms, conditions and provisions related to the Kansas insurance guaranty association act and Kansas life and health insurance guaranty association act.. Description: Updating certain definitions, terms, conditions and provisions related to the Kansas insurance guaranty association act and Kansas life and health insurance guaranty association act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Transferring registration requirements and related compliance oversight and enforcement authority for professional employer organizations from the commissioner of insurance to the secretary of state effective January 1, 2025, granting the secretary responsibility over the professional employer organization fee fund and ensuring that welfare benefit plans offered by professional employer organizations to employees and covered employees are treated as a single employer welfare benefit plan for purposes of state law.. Description: Transferring registration requirements and related compliance oversight and enforcement authority for professional employer organizations from the commissioner of insurance to the secretary of state effective January 1, 2025, granting the secretary responsibility over the professional employer organization fee fund and ensuring that welfare benefit plans offered by professional employer organizations to employees and covered employees are treated as a single employer welfare benefit plan for purposes of state law.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating Silvisaurus condrayi as the official state land fossil.. Description: Designating Silvisaurus condrayi as the official state land fossil.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Reauthorizing the placement of a life-size version of the "Ad Astra" sculpture on state capitol grounds, transferring the approval authority to the capitol preservation committee and making appropriations for the department of administration for FY 2023.. Description: Reauthorizing the placement of a life-size version of the "Ad Astra" sculpture on state capitol grounds, transferring the approval authority to the capitol preservation committee and making appropriations for the department of administration for FY 2023.
In 2023, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Permitting certain local broadcasters to provide broadcast services of a school's postseason activities notwithstanding if the state high school activities association enters into an exclusive broadcast agreement for postseason activities.. Description: Permitting certain local broadcasters to provide broadcast services of a school's postseason activities notwithstanding if the state high school activities association enters into an exclusive broadcast agreement for postseason activities.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the maximum amount of yearly income tax credits available for purchases under the disability employment act from qualified vendors, continuing in existence such credits beyond tax year 2023 of eligible purchases available for such credit and further defining qualifying vendors and employees eligible for the credit, establishing a grant program to facilitate transitions by employers to minimum wage employment for persons with disabilities and creating the Kansas sheltered workshop transition fund.. Description: Increasing the maximum amount of yearly income tax credits available for purchases under the disability employment act from qualified vendors, continuing in existence such credits beyond tax year 2023 of eligible purchases available for such credit and further defining qualifying vendors and employees eligible for the credit, establishing a grant program to facilitate transitions by employers to minimum wage employment for persons with disabilities and creating the Kansas sheltered workshop transition fund.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Expanding the use of bond proceeds under the Kansas reinvestment housing incentive district act and the transferability of income, privilege and premium tax credits issued under the Kansas housing investor tax credit act.. Description: Expanding the use of bond proceeds under the Kansas reinvestment housing incentive district act and the transferability of income, privilege and premium tax credits issued under the Kansas housing investor tax credit act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the Kansas campus restoration act to address deferred maintenance and demolition of facilities at postsecondary educational institutions, establishing the Kansas campus restoration fund in the state treasury and authorizing certain transfers from the state general fund to such fund.. Description: Enacting the Kansas campus restoration act to address deferred maintenance and demolition of facilities at postsecondary educational institutions, establishing the Kansas campus restoration fund in the state treasury and authorizing certain transfers from the state general fund to such fund.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the Kansas national guard educational master's for enhanced readiness and global excellence (EMERGE) program and the EMERGE program repayment fund and requiring school districts to establish requirements for cardiac emergency response plans.. Description: Establishing the Kansas national guard educational master's for enhanced readiness and global excellence (EMERGE) program and the EMERGE program repayment fund and requiring school districts to establish requirements for cardiac emergency response plans.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Changing the required number of employees contained in the definitions of "large employer" and "small employer" for purposes of coverage for autism spectrum disorder.. Description: Changing the required number of employees contained in the definitions of "large employer" and "small employer" for purposes of coverage for autism spectrum disorder.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Making and concerning appropriations for fiscal years 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 for various state agencies; constituting the omnibus reconciliation spending limit bill for the 2023 regular session.. Description: Making and concerning appropriations for fiscal years 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 for various state agencies; constituting the omnibus reconciliation spending limit bill for the 2023 regular session.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Reconciling multiple amendments to certain statutes.. Description: Reconciling multiple amendments to certain statutes.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Making and concerning supplemental appropriations for fiscal years 2024 and 2025 and appropriations for fiscal years 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 for various state agencies.. Description: Making and concerning supplemental appropriations for fiscal years 2024 and 2025 and appropriations for fiscal years 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 for various state agencies.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Directing the capitol preservation committee to develop and approve plans for a mural honoring the 1st Kansas (Colored) Voluntary Infantry regiment.. Description: Directing the capitol preservation committee to develop and approve plans for a mural honoring the 1st Kansas (Colored) Voluntary Infantry regiment.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 42 by Committee on Appropriations - Exempting rural emergency hospitals from the hospital provider assessment and establishing residency and other requirements for membership on a hospital board.. Description: House Substitute for SB 42 by Committee on Appropriations - Exempting rural emergency hospitals from the hospital provider assessment and establishing residency and other requirements for membership on a hospital board.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the Kansas financial institutions information security act.. Description: Enacting the Kansas financial institutions information security act.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring installation of light-mitigating technology systems on new and existing wind energy conversion systems subject to certain conditions.. Description: Requiring installation of light-mitigating technology systems on new and existing wind energy conversion systems subject to certain conditions.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the interstate teacher mobility compact to recognize equivalent teacher licenses across member states, requiring that licensing bodies provide verified electronic credentials to all credential holders based on their credentials from other jurisdictions and requiring licensing bodies to use centralized electronic credential data management systems capable of providing instantaneous credential verification.. Description: Enacting the interstate teacher mobility compact to recognize equivalent teacher licenses across member states, requiring that licensing bodies provide verified electronic credentials to all credential holders based on their credentials from other jurisdictions and requiring licensing bodies to use centralized electronic credential data management systems capable of providing instantaneous credential verification.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 73 by Committee on Corrections and Juvenile Justice - Requiring school district enrollment to be determined using the current school year or preceding school year enrollment under the Kansas school equity and enhancement act.. Description: House Substitute for SB 73 by Committee on Corrections and Juvenile Justice - Requiring school district enrollment to be determined using the current school year or preceding school year enrollment under the Kansas school equity and enhancement act.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing a statutory interest rate for prejudgment interest in all civil tort actions.. Description: Providing a statutory interest rate for prejudgment interest in all civil tort actions.
In 2023, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 83 by Committee on K-12 Education Budget - Making appropriations for the state department of education for FY 2024, establishing the sunflower education equity act to provide education savings accounts for qualified students, requiring school districts to provide a salary increase to all licensed teachers and defining enrollment of small school districts as the highest enrollment from the preceding four years under the Kansas school equity and enhancement act.. Description: House Substitute for SB 83 by Committee on K-12 Education Budget - Making appropriations for the state department of education for FY 2024, establishing the sunflower education equity act to provide education savings accounts for qualified students, requiring school districts to provide a salary increase to all licensed teachers and defining enrollment of small school districts as the highest enrollment from the preceding four years under the Kansas school equity and enhancement act.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the Kansas travel insurance act.. Description: Enacting the Kansas travel insurance act.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Reconciling multiple amendments to certain statutes.. Description: Reconciling multiple amendments to certain statutes.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 113 by Committee on K-12 Education Budget - Making appropriations for the department of education for FY 23, FY 24 and FY 25; establishing the mental health intervention team program; authorizing certain students to participate in activities regulated by the Kansas state high school activities association; requiring school districts to post certain enrollment and academic information on school district websites; revising school district open-enrollment procedures; authorizing local school board members to receive compensation from their school district; authorizing current-year student enrollment for determinations of state foundation aid; continuing the 20 mill statewide tax levy for schools; amending the school districts that qualify for and the amount that school districts are able to levy pursuant to the cost-of-living weighting.. Description: House Substitute for SB 113 by Committee on K-12 Education Budget - Making appropriations for the department of education for FY 23, FY 24 and FY 25; establishing the mental health intervention team program; authorizing certain students to participate in activities regulated by the Kansas state high school activities association; requiring school districts to post certain enrollment and academic information on school district websites; revising school district open-enrollment procedures; authorizing local school board members to receive compensation from their school district; authorizing current-year student enrollment for determinations of state foundation aid; continuing the 20 mill statewide tax levy for schools; amending the school districts that qualify for and the amount that school districts are able to levy pursuant to the cost-of-living weighting.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating definitions for "advanced recycling" and related terms and separating advanced recycling from the current solid waste management system.. Description: Creating definitions for "advanced recycling" and related terms and separating advanced recycling from the current solid waste management system.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the office of the child advocate as an independent state agency and prescribing certain powers, duties and functions thereof.. Description: Establishing the office of the child advocate as an independent state agency and prescribing certain powers, duties and functions thereof.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 116 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Removing state agency fees for licenses to carry concealed handguns.. Description: House Substitute for SB 116 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Removing state agency fees for licenses to carry concealed handguns.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating certain statutory references contained in chapter 40 of the Kansas Statutes Annotated; specifying certain requirements of documents submitted by medicare provider organizations and health maintenance organizations to demonstrate fiscal soundness; removing the requirement of a documented written demand for premium as part of a prima facie case; adding certain legal entities to the definition of person for purposes of violations of insurance law; and updating the version of risk-based capital instructions in effect.. Description: Updating certain statutory references contained in chapter 40 of the Kansas Statutes Annotated; specifying certain requirements of documents submitted by medicare provider organizations and health maintenance organizations to demonstrate fiscal soundness; removing the requirement of a documented written demand for premium as part of a prima facie case; adding certain legal entities to the definition of person for purposes of violations of insurance law; and updating the version of risk-based capital instructions in effect.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the secretary of health and environment to adopt rules and regulations for an annual certification program for the replacement of distribution systems segments and increasing the amortization period on loans from the Kansas water pollution control revolving fund.. Description: Authorizing the secretary of health and environment to adopt rules and regulations for an annual certification program for the replacement of distribution systems segments and increasing the amortization period on loans from the Kansas water pollution control revolving fund.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the Kansas adult learner grant act to establish a grant program for adult learners to pursue certain fields of study, enacting the career technical education credential and transition incentive for employment success act to require school districts to pay for the cost of assessments for students to obtain an approved career technical education credential, designating military veterans and spouses or dependents of such veterans who were stationed in Kansas for at least 11 months as residents for purposes of tuition and fees at postsecondary educational institutions and expanding the eligible fields of study under the Kansas promise scholarship act.. Description: Enacting the Kansas adult learner grant act to establish a grant program for adult learners to pursue certain fields of study, enacting the career technical education credential and transition incentive for employment success act to require school districts to pay for the cost of assessments for students to obtain an approved career technical education credential, designating military veterans and spouses or dependents of such veterans who were stationed in Kansas for at least 11 months as residents for purposes of tuition and fees at postsecondary educational institutions and expanding the eligible fields of study under the Kansas promise scholarship act.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for SB 131 by Committee on Public Health and Welfare - Authorizing the state board of healing arts to issue a sports waiver to practice healing arts professions in this state on a limited basis during certain sporting events, authorizing pharmacy technicians to administer certain vaccines, licensing of professional counselors, social workers, marriage and family therapists, addiction counselors, behavior analysts, psychologists and master's level psychologists, requiring the behavioral sciences regulatory board to process applications within a certain time and establish an expedited application process, establishing license categories for applicants from social work programs in candidacy for accreditation and for temporary reinstatement; extending the license period of temporary licenses, establishing a community-based license for certain licensed professions.. Description: Substitute for SB 131 by Committee on Public Health and Welfare - Authorizing the state board of healing arts to issue a sports waiver to practice healing arts professions in this state on a limited basis during certain sporting events, authorizing pharmacy technicians to administer certain vaccines, licensing of professional counselors, social workers, marriage and family therapists, addiction counselors, behavior analysts, psychologists and master's level psychologists, requiring the behavioral sciences regulatory board to process applications within a certain time and establish an expedited application process, establishing license categories for applicants from social work programs in candidacy for accreditation and for temporary reinstatement; extending the license period of temporary licenses, establishing a community-based license for certain licensed professions.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the buffalo soldier distinctive license plate.. Description: Providing for the buffalo soldier distinctive license plate.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB143 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Updating elevator safety act provisions concerning the definition of elevator, mechanic and contractor employee licensing requirements, inspection, testing and accident reporting requirements and exceptions, permitting inspections by insurance companies and licensed elevator mechanics and establishing educational and testing options for elevator inspector licensing.. Description: House Substitute for SB143 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Updating elevator safety act provisions concerning the definition of elevator, mechanic and contractor employee licensing requirements, inspection, testing and accident reporting requirements and exceptions, permitting inspections by insurance companies and licensed elevator mechanics and establishing educational and testing options for elevator inspector licensing.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Exempting satellite service and video programming services accessed over the internet from the video competition act.. Description: Exempting satellite service and video programming services accessed over the internet from the video competition act.
In 2024, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Creating the Riley county unincorporated area nuisance abatement act and the Crawford county unincorporated area nuisance abatement act to establish procedures for the removal and abatement of nuisances in the unincorporated areas of such counties and the assessment of the costs for such abatement.. Description: Creating the Riley county unincorporated area nuisance abatement act and the Crawford county unincorporated area nuisance abatement act to establish procedures for the removal and abatement of nuisances in the unincorporated areas of such counties and the assessment of the costs for such abatement.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the criminal penalties for battery of a healthcare provider, adding the placing of controlled substances into pills into the definition of manufacture, increasing the criminal penalties for manufacturing fentanyl and for manufacturing or distributing any controlled substances that are likely to be attractive to minors because of their appearance or packaging, creating a special sentencing rule to make sentences for distributing fentanyl presumptive imprisonment, excluding materials used to detect the presence of fentanyl, ketamine or gamma hydroxybutyric acid from the definition of drug paraphernalia, adding domestic battery and violation of a protection order to the crimes that a person can have the intent to commit when committing burglary or aggravated burglary, increasing criminal penalties for the crime of interference with law enforcement when the violation involves fleeing from a law enforcement officer and authorizing the attorney general to prosecute certain crimes that are part of an alleged course of criminal conduct that occurred in two or more counties.. Description: Increasing the criminal penalties for battery of a healthcare provider, adding the placing of controlled substances into pills into the definition of manufacture, increasing the criminal penalties for manufacturing fentanyl and for manufacturing or distributing any controlled substances that are likely to be attractive to minors because of their appearance or packaging, creating a special sentencing rule to make sentences for distributing fentanyl presumptive imprisonment, excluding materials used to detect the presence of fentanyl, ketamine or gamma hydroxybutyric acid from the definition of drug paraphernalia, adding domestic battery and violation of a protection order to the crimes that a person can have the intent to commit when committing burglary or aggravated burglary, increasing criminal penalties for the crime of interference with law enforcement when the violation involves fleeing from a law enforcement officer and authorizing the attorney general to prosecute certain crimes that are part of an alleged course of criminal conduct that occurred in two or more counties.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the women's bill of rights to provide a meaning of biological sex for purposes of statutory construction.. Description: Establishing the women's bill of rights to provide a meaning of biological sex for purposes of statutory construction.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing state and local law enforcement agencies to receive files and information about an applicant from other agencies that received an application for employment from the applicant or conducted an employment background investigation on the applicant.. Description: Authorizing state and local law enforcement agencies to receive files and information about an applicant from other agencies that received an application for employment from the applicant or conducted an employment background investigation on the applicant.
In 2024, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 190 by Committee on Judiciary - Requiring persons who file lawsuits for wrongful conviction compensation to prove additional information, changing the compensation rates to daily rates instead of yearly rates and limiting housing assistance to such persons.. Description: House Substitute for SB 190 by Committee on Judiciary - Requiring persons who file lawsuits for wrongful conviction compensation to prove additional information, changing the compensation rates to daily rates instead of yearly rates and limiting housing assistance to such persons.
In 2023, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Requiring hospital district board members to be qualified electors of the county where the hospital is located or any adjacent county.. Description: Requiring hospital district board members to be qualified electors of the county where the hospital is located or any adjacent county.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the children's cabinet to form a 501(c)(3) for fundraising for the Dolly Parton imagination library book gifting program.. Description: Authorizing the children's cabinet to form a 501(c)(3) for fundraising for the Dolly Parton imagination library book gifting program.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain water rights in a water bank to participate in multi-year flex accounts on a temporary basis.. Description: Authorizing certain water rights in a water bank to participate in multi-year flex accounts on a temporary basis.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 208 by Committee on Elections - Amending provisions relating to the governmental ethics commission's authority to investigate and enforce the campaign finance act and limitations on the receipt and expenditure of contributions.. Description: House Substitute for SB 208 by Committee on Elections - Amending provisions relating to the governmental ethics commission's authority to investigate and enforce the campaign finance act and limitations on the receipt and expenditure of contributions.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Including the conduct of utilizing any electronic tracking system or acquiring tracking information to determine the targeted persons location, movement or travel patterns in the crime of stalking when done as part of an unlawful course of conduct and authorizing orders to prohibit such conduct under the Kansas family law code, the revised Kansas code for care of children, the protection from abuse act and the protection from stalking, sexual assault or human trafficking act and increasing the time of an initial restraining order and possible extensions issued in a protection from abuse order or a protection from stalking, sexual assault or human trafficking order.. Description: Including the conduct of utilizing any electronic tracking system or acquiring tracking information to determine the targeted persons location, movement or travel patterns in the crime of stalking when done as part of an unlawful course of conduct and authorizing orders to prohibit such conduct under the Kansas family law code, the revised Kansas code for care of children, the protection from abuse act and the protection from stalking, sexual assault or human trafficking act and increasing the time of an initial restraining order and possible extensions issued in a protection from abuse order or a protection from stalking, sexual assault or human trafficking order.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending statutes concerning election officials, election crimes and election procedures.. Description: Amending statutes concerning election officials, election crimes and election procedures.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring the secretary for aging and disability services to reimburse counties for certain costs when a person is in a county jail awaiting examination, evaluation or treatment for competency, modernizing statutes concerning county jails, removing the requirement that every county shall have a jail, modifying procedures used when district courts commit prisoners to jail in another county and when counties contract with city jails to keep prisoners and requiring a medical examination before certain United States prisoners or city prisoners are taken into custody of a county jail.. Description: Requiring the secretary for aging and disability services to reimburse counties for certain costs when a person is in a county jail awaiting examination, evaluation or treatment for competency, modernizing statutes concerning county jails, removing the requirement that every county shall have a jail, modifying procedures used when district courts commit prisoners to jail in another county and when counties contract with city jails to keep prisoners and requiring a medical examination before certain United States prisoners or city prisoners are taken into custody of a county jail.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 229 by Committee on Legislative Modernization - Creating the legislative compensation commission, prescribing powers and duties of the commission and the legislature, establishing the rate of pay for statewide elected officials based on the salary for members of Congress and establishing the rate of pay for judges and justices based on the salary for district judges of the United States.. Description: House Substitute for SB 229 by Committee on Legislative Modernization - Creating the legislative compensation commission, prescribing powers and duties of the commission and the legislature, establishing the rate of pay for statewide elected officials based on the salary for members of Congress and establishing the rate of pay for judges and justices based on the salary for district judges of the United States.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing requirements and procedures for settlement agreements involving a minor.. Description: Providing requirements and procedures for settlement agreements involving a minor.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 244 by Committee on Judiciary - Updating the Kansas general corporation code, the business entity transactions act, the business entity standard treatment act, the Kansas revised uniform limited partnership act and the Kansas uniform partnership act.. Description: House Substitute for SB 244 by Committee on Judiciary - Updating the Kansas general corporation code, the business entity transactions act, the business entity standard treatment act, the Kansas revised uniform limited partnership act and the Kansas uniform partnership act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Removing the definition of lead-free and an exception for leaded joints in the public water supply systems law and updating terminology relating to hazardous waste generated by certain persons.. Description: Removing the definition of lead-free and an exception for leaded joints in the public water supply systems law and updating terminology relating to hazardous waste generated by certain persons.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 287 by Committee on Health and Human Services - Prohibiting a healthcare provider from administering medication, diagnostic tests or conducting ongoing behavioral health treatments to a minor in a school facility without parental consent, enacting the no patient left alone act to require medical care facilities to allow in-person visitation in certain circumstances, expanding licensure of rural emergency hospitals that meet criteria between January 2015 and December 2020 and authorizing emergency medical responders to distribute non prescription over-the-counter medications.. Description: House Substitute for SB 287 by Committee on Health and Human Services - Prohibiting a healthcare provider from administering medication, diagnostic tests or conducting ongoing behavioral health treatments to a minor in a school facility without parental consent, enacting the no patient left alone act to require medical care facilities to allow in-person visitation in certain circumstances, expanding licensure of rural emergency hospitals that meet criteria between January 2015 and December 2020 and authorizing emergency medical responders to distribute non prescription over-the-counter medications.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 291 by Committee on Legislative Modernization - Transferring all cybsersecurity services under the chief information technology officer of each branch of government, creating chief information security officers within the judicial and legislative branches, requiring a chief information security officer to be appointed by the attorney general, Kansas bureau of investigation, secretary of state, state treasurer and insurance commissioner and requiring the chief information security officers to implement certain minimum cybersecurity standards, requiring the information technology executive council to develop a plan to integrate executive branch information technology services under the executive chief information technology officer, making and concerning appropriations for the fiscal years ending June 30, 2025, and June 30, 2026, for the office of information technology, Kansas information security office and the adjutant general, authorizing certain transfers and imposing certain limitations and restrictions and directing or authorizing certain disbursements and procedures for all state agencies and requiring legislative review of state agencies not in compliance with this act.. Description: House Substitute for SB 291 by Committee on Legislative Modernization - Transferring all cybsersecurity services under the chief information technology officer of each branch of government, creating chief information security officers within the judicial and legislative branches, requiring a chief information security officer to be appointed by the attorney general, Kansas bureau of investigation, secretary of state, state treasurer and insurance commissioner and requiring the chief information security officers to implement certain minimum cybersecurity standards, requiring the information technology executive council to develop a plan to integrate executive branch information technology services under the executive chief information technology officer, making and concerning appropriations for the fiscal years ending June 30, 2025, and June 30, 2026, for the office of information technology, Kansas information security office and the adjutant general, authorizing certain transfers and imposing certain limitations and restrictions and directing or authorizing certain disbursements and procedures for all state agencies and requiring legislative review of state agencies not in compliance with this act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating statutes related to the Kansas army and air national guard, providing for the appointment of a state judge advocate, providing for the adjustment of death and disability benefits and updating the Kansas code of military justice relating to certain definitions, unlawful acts and punishment requirements thereof.. Description: Updating statutes related to the Kansas army and air national guard, providing for the appointment of a state judge advocate, providing for the adjustment of death and disability benefits and updating the Kansas code of military justice relating to certain definitions, unlawful acts and punishment requirements thereof.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adding for-profit private entity to the definition of "qualified applicant" in the Kansas fights addiction act.. Description: Adding for-profit private entity to the definition of "qualified applicant" in the Kansas fights addiction act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 318 by Committee on Corrections and Juvenile Justice - Creating an inference of an intent to distribute a controlled substance based on the quantity of the substance possessed instead of a rebuttable presumption.. Description: House Substitute for SB 318 by Committee on Corrections and Juvenile Justice - Creating an inference of an intent to distribute a controlled substance based on the quantity of the substance possessed instead of a rebuttable presumption.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Repealing the expiration provisions of the Sedgwick county urban area nuisance abatement act.. Description: Repealing the expiration provisions of the Sedgwick county urban area nuisance abatement act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing hiring, promotion and retention preferences for persons with disabilities for certain state executive branch positions and extending the expiration provision for the state use law committee.. Description: Providing hiring, promotion and retention preferences for persons with disabilities for certain state executive branch positions and extending the expiration provision for the state use law committee.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Removing the requirement for underground storage tank operating permits to be obtained annually.. Description: Removing the requirement for underground storage tank operating permits to be obtained annually.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the state department of education from distributing or expending state foundation aid moneys in fiscal year 2025 to a school district that has no students enrolled in and attending school in such school district in school year 2024-2025.. Description: Prohibiting the state department of education from distributing or expending state foundation aid moneys in fiscal year 2025 to a school district that has no students enrolled in and attending school in such school district in school year 2024-2025.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the commercial financing disclosure act.. Description: Enacting the commercial financing disclosure act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 349 by Committee on Judiciary - Continuing in existence certain exceptions to the disclosure of public records under the open records act.. Description: House Substitute for SB 349 by Committee on Judiciary - Continuing in existence certain exceptions to the disclosure of public records under the open records act.
In 2024, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Enacting the no patient left alone act to require facilities to allow in-person visitation to certain patients at hospitals, adult care home and patient care facilities.. Description: Enacting the no patient left alone act to require facilities to allow in-person visitation to certain patients at hospitals, adult care home and patient care facilities.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating certain terms, definitions and conditions relating to the requirements of certain insurance reports, examinations and transactions.. Description: Updating certain terms, definitions and conditions relating to the requirements of certain insurance reports, examinations and transactions.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the Kansas City Chiefs, sporting Kansas City, Sedgwick county zoo, Kansas City royals, Kansas City current, Topeka zoo, support the troops and the first city of Kansas distinctive license plates and requiring certain license plates to have the county of registration for the motor vehicle identified on the license plate.. Description: Providing for the Kansas City Chiefs, sporting Kansas City, Sedgwick county zoo, Kansas City royals, Kansas City current, Topeka zoo, support the troops and the first city of Kansas distinctive license plates and requiring certain license plates to have the county of registration for the motor vehicle identified on the license plate.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing a taxpayer to elect the taxable year in which a subtraction modification for contributions to a 529 program account, ABLE account or first-time home buyer savings account would be applied and authorizing the state treasurer to appoint a 529 program advisory committee.. Description: Allowing a taxpayer to elect the taxable year in which a subtraction modification for contributions to a 529 program account, ABLE account or first-time home buyer savings account would be applied and authorizing the state treasurer to appoint a 529 program advisory committee.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 387 by Committee on K-12 Education Budget - Making appropriations for the department of education for FY 24, FY 25 and FY 26 and enacting, revising and abolishing certain statutes relating to the educational system.. Description: House Substitute for SB 387 by Committee on K-12 Education Budget - Making appropriations for the department of education for FY 24, FY 25 and FY 26 and enacting, revising and abolishing certain statutes relating to the educational system.
In 2024, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Providing a longer time for notice to creditors by publication when a petition for administration or probate of a will is filed, changing the process for transferring personal property by affidavit in small estates and modifying time requirements for notice by publication related to sales at public auction in the Kansas probate code.. Description: Providing a longer time for notice to creditors by publication when a petition for administration or probate of a will is filed, changing the process for transferring personal property by affidavit in small estates and modifying time requirements for notice by publication related to sales at public auction in the Kansas probate code.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the board of county commissioners of any county that is not the most populous county in a multiple-county judicial district to appoint a coroner to serve as the district coroner for the county at the expense of the county.. Description: Authorizing the board of county commissioners of any county that is not the most populous county in a multiple-county judicial district to appoint a coroner to serve as the district coroner for the county at the expense of the county.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the Riley county unincorporated area nuisance abatement act and the Crawford county unincorporated area nuisance abatement act to establish procedures for the removal and abatement of nuisances in the unincorporated areas of such counties and the assessment of the costs for such abatement and specifying personnel requirements for ambulances making interfacility transfers in rural counties.. Description: Creating the Riley county unincorporated area nuisance abatement act and the Crawford county unincorporated area nuisance abatement act to establish procedures for the removal and abatement of nuisances in the unincorporated areas of such counties and the assessment of the costs for such abatement and specifying personnel requirements for ambulances making interfacility transfers in rural counties.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring the use of age-verification technology to permit access to internet websites containing material that is harmful to minors.. Description: Requiring the use of age-verification technology to permit access to internet websites containing material that is harmful to minors.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring vehicle dealers and salvage vehicle dealers to file monthly reports by the 25th day of the month.. Description: Requiring vehicle dealers and salvage vehicle dealers to file monthly reports by the 25th day of the month.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Holding a control person liable for violations of the Kansas uniform securities act by an individual subject to discipline under the act unless the control person was unaware and could not reasonably have known of the violations of such individual.. Description: Holding a control person liable for violations of the Kansas uniform securities act by an individual subject to discipline under the act unless the control person was unaware and could not reasonably have known of the violations of such individual.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Reducing penalties for the late filing of or the failure to file statements listing personal property for assessment and the discovery of escaped personal property and reporting changes after initial statement, allowing for filing of an appraisal by a certified residential real property appraiser for appeal purposes, accounting for adverse influences in the valuation of agricultural land, including properties used for registered agritourism activities as land devoted to agricultural use for purposes of classification, providing a property tax exemption for new electric generation facilities, additions and new pollution control devices and discontinuing certain current property tax exemptions, providing that county clerks are not required to send revenue neutral rate notices to property owners of exempt property, modifying and prescribing the contents of the revenue neutral rate hearing notice, permitting a tax levy that generates the same amount of revenue as the previous year when the final assessed valuation decreases compared to the estimated assessed valuation, requiring that the governing body's vote be conducted on the same day as the commencement of the public hearing, extending reimbursement from the taxpayer notification costs fund for printing and postage costs for calendar year 2024, providing income tax subtraction modifications for certain federal credit disallowances and the employee retention credit disallowance and to permit the carryforward of certain net operating losses, clarifying the disallowed business interest expense deduction, extending the time period for the single city port authority tax credit, decreasing penalties for failing to timely remit withholding income taxes of employees by employers, clarifying the determination of taxable income of an electing pass-through entity and providing for the passing through of tax credits to electing pass-through entity owners relating to the salt parity act, providing countywide retailers' sales tax authority for Rawlins, Marshall and Neosho counties and authorizing teleconference or video conference hearings in the small claims and expedited hearings division of the state board of tax appeals.. Description: Reducing penalties for the late filing of or the failure to file statements listing personal property for assessment and the discovery of escaped personal property and reporting changes after initial statement, allowing for filing of an appraisal by a certified residential real property appraiser for appeal purposes, accounting for adverse influences in the valuation of agricultural land, including properties used for registered agritourism activities as land devoted to agricultural use for purposes of classification, providing a property tax exemption for new electric generation facilities, additions and new pollution control devices and discontinuing certain current property tax exemptions, providing that county clerks are not required to send revenue neutral rate notices to property owners of exempt property, modifying and prescribing the contents of the revenue neutral rate hearing notice, permitting a tax levy that generates the same amount of revenue as the previous year when the final assessed valuation decreases compared to the estimated assessed valuation, requiring that the governing body's vote be conducted on the same day as the commencement of the public hearing, extending reimbursement from the taxpayer notification costs fund for printing and postage costs for calendar year 2024, providing income tax subtraction modifications for certain federal credit disallowances and the employee retention credit disallowance and to permit the carryforward of certain net operating losses, clarifying the disallowed business interest expense deduction, extending the time period for the single city port authority tax credit, decreasing penalties for failing to timely remit withholding income taxes of employees by employers, clarifying the determination of taxable income of an electing pass-through entity and providing for the passing through of tax credits to electing pass-through entity owners relating to the salt parity act, providing countywide retailers' sales tax authority for Rawlins, Marshall and Neosho counties and authorizing teleconference or video conference hearings in the small claims and expedited hearings division of the state board of tax appeals.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for geographic positions or locations of points within the state of Kansas under the Kansas plane coordinate system act.. Description: Providing for geographic positions or locations of points within the state of Kansas under the Kansas plane coordinate system act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring certain persons on a third or subsequent conviction of driving under the influence to participate in a multidisciplinary model of services for substance use disorders, removing the requirement that municipal courts collect fingerprints from persons convicted of violating certain municipal ordinance provisions, amending the crime of aggravated endangering a child to increase the criminal penalties when bodily harm to the child results and when a child is in certain environments associated with fentanyl-related controlled substances, increasing the criminal penalties for unlawful distribution of fentanyl-related controlled substances, eliminating the element of concealment from the crime of breach of privacy related to installing or using a device to photograph or record another identifiable person under or through the clothing being worn by that other person or another identifiable person who is nude or in a state of undress, excluding certain types of incarceration time from being included in the allowance for time spent incarcerated when calculating a criminal defendant's sentence and updating the general terms of supervision for offenders on probation and postrelease supervision.. Description: Requiring certain persons on a third or subsequent conviction of driving under the influence to participate in a multidisciplinary model of services for substance use disorders, removing the requirement that municipal courts collect fingerprints from persons convicted of violating certain municipal ordinance provisions, amending the crime of aggravated endangering a child to increase the criminal penalties when bodily harm to the child results and when a child is in certain environments associated with fentanyl-related controlled substances, increasing the criminal penalties for unlawful distribution of fentanyl-related controlled substances, eliminating the element of concealment from the crime of breach of privacy related to installing or using a device to photograph or record another identifiable person under or through the clothing being worn by that other person or another identifiable person who is nude or in a state of undress, excluding certain types of incarceration time from being included in the allowance for time spent incarcerated when calculating a criminal defendant's sentence and updating the general terms of supervision for offenders on probation and postrelease supervision.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 419 by Committee on Corrections and Juvenile Justice - Providing immunity from prosecution for certain drug crimes when persons seek or provide medical assistance related to the use of a controlled substance.. Description: House Substitute for SB 419 by Committee on Corrections and Juvenile Justice - Providing immunity from prosecution for certain drug crimes when persons seek or provide medical assistance related to the use of a controlled substance.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 420 by Committee on Corrections and Juvenile Justice - Allowing juvenile offenders in the custody of the secretary of corrections to leave the juvenile correctional facility for certain programming and educational opportunities when approved by the secretary.. Description: House Substitute for SB 420 by Committee on Corrections and Juvenile Justice - Allowing juvenile offenders in the custody of the secretary of corrections to leave the juvenile correctional facility for certain programming and educational opportunities when approved by the secretary.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing workers compensation act coverage for the Kansas national guard, limiting benefit reductions for retirement benefits, increasing dependents death benefits, reducing certain functional impairment requirements, increasing compensation for certain disability categories and for treatment without authorization, raising the evidentiary standard for future medical treatment, limiting certain procedures for post-award medical benefit claims, allowing benefit payment by funds transfer or payment cards, establishing procedures for neutral healthcare examinations, exchanges and admission of medical reports, extending employee injury notification deadlines, eliminating the deadline for motions to avoid dismissal for lack of prosecution, providing for expedited settlement and digital recording of hearings and other changes to the workers compensation act.. Description: Providing workers compensation act coverage for the Kansas national guard, limiting benefit reductions for retirement benefits, increasing dependents death benefits, reducing certain functional impairment requirements, increasing compensation for certain disability categories and for treatment without authorization, raising the evidentiary standard for future medical treatment, limiting certain procedures for post-award medical benefit claims, allowing benefit payment by funds transfer or payment cards, establishing procedures for neutral healthcare examinations, exchanges and admission of medical reports, extending employee injury notification deadlines, eliminating the deadline for motions to avoid dismissal for lack of prosecution, providing for expedited settlement and digital recording of hearings and other changes to the workers compensation act.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Directing the capitol preservation committee to approve plans for a memorial honoring Emil Joseph Kapaun.. Description: Directing the capitol preservation committee to approve plans for a memorial honoring Emil Joseph Kapaun.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Clarifying practice privileges of institutional license holders.. Description: Clarifying practice privileges of institutional license holders.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the Kansas blueprint for literacy and a literacy advisory committee, directing the board of regents to appoint a director of literacy education, requiring the board of regents and board of education to collaborate on a literacy micro-credential, providing university presidents and deans of education oversight over postsecondary literacy courses, requiring a plan to establish centers of excellence in reading, requiring the board of education to submit annual reports to the legislature on literacy goals; establishing the Kansas education opportunity scholarship to replace the Kansas ethnic minority scholarship, removing limits on Kansas nursing service scholarship awards and modifying the interest rate terms and repayment obligations for such awards, eliminating the requirement to subtract other aid from the state payment for the AO-K program, modifying financial limitations on Kansas hero's scholarship awards and broadening eligibility requirements for such awards.. Description: Establishing the Kansas blueprint for literacy and a literacy advisory committee, directing the board of regents to appoint a director of literacy education, requiring the board of regents and board of education to collaborate on a literacy micro-credential, providing university presidents and deans of education oversight over postsecondary literacy courses, requiring a plan to establish centers of excellence in reading, requiring the board of education to submit annual reports to the legislature on literacy goals; establishing the Kansas education opportunity scholarship to replace the Kansas ethnic minority scholarship, removing limits on Kansas nursing service scholarship awards and modifying the interest rate terms and repayment obligations for such awards, eliminating the requirement to subtract other aid from the state payment for the AO-K program, modifying financial limitations on Kansas hero's scholarship awards and broadening eligibility requirements for such awards.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prohibiting public utilities from exercising eminent domain for the siting or placement of solar generation facilities.. Description: Prohibiting public utilities from exercising eminent domain for the siting or placement of solar generation facilities.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Specifying that certain drug offenses do not give rise to forfeiture under the Kansas standard asset seizure and forfeiture act, providing limitations on state and local law enforcement agency requests for federal adoption of a seizure under the act, requiring probable cause affidavit filing and review to commence forfeiture proceedings, increasing the burden of proof required to forfeit property to clear and convincing evidence, authorizing courts to order payment of attorney fees and costs for certain claimants and requiring the Kansas bureau of investigation to submit forfeiture fund financial reports to the legislature.. Description: Specifying that certain drug offenses do not give rise to forfeiture under the Kansas standard asset seizure and forfeiture act, providing limitations on state and local law enforcement agency requests for federal adoption of a seizure under the act, requiring probable cause affidavit filing and review to commence forfeiture proceedings, increasing the burden of proof required to forfeit property to clear and convincing evidence, authorizing courts to order payment of attorney fees and costs for certain claimants and requiring the Kansas bureau of investigation to submit forfeiture fund financial reports to the legislature.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the director of vehicles to adopt rules and regulation for participation in the federal motor carrier safety administration's drug and alcohol clearinghouse program and authorizing the director of vehicles to waive the commercial driver's license knowledge and skills test for an applicant that provides evidence that such applicant qualifies for the military even exchange program.. Description: Authorizing the director of vehicles to adopt rules and regulation for participation in the federal motor carrier safety administration's drug and alcohol clearinghouse program and authorizing the director of vehicles to waive the commercial driver's license knowledge and skills test for an applicant that provides evidence that such applicant qualifies for the military even exchange program.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing a notice to appear that meets certain requirements to serve as a lawful complaint under the Kansas code of criminal procedure, requiring a minimum bond premium in district court and providing reasons for suspending or terminating authorization of a compensated surety.. Description: Authorizing a notice to appear that meets certain requirements to serve as a lawful complaint under the Kansas code of criminal procedure, requiring a minimum bond premium in district court and providing reasons for suspending or terminating authorization of a compensated surety.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Renaming Kansas state university polytechnic campus as Kansas state university Salina.. Description: Renaming Kansas state university polytechnic campus as Kansas state university Salina.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Standardizing criminal history record check fingerprinting language and defining who may be fingerprinted for a criminal history record check.. Description: Standardizing criminal history record check fingerprinting language and defining who may be fingerprinted for a criminal history record check.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 125th Anniversary of the Smoky Valley Roller Mills.. Description: Recognizing the 125th Anniversary of the Smoky Valley Roller Mills.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing restricted driving privileges for certain individuals that fail to comply with a traffic citation, authorizing certain individuals with revoked driving privileges to be eligible for restricted driving privileges and permitting such individuals to drive to and from dropping off or picking up children from school or child care, to and from purchasing groceries or fuel and to and from religious worship services.. Description: Providing restricted driving privileges for certain individuals that fail to comply with a traffic citation, authorizing certain individuals with revoked driving privileges to be eligible for restricted driving privileges and permitting such individuals to drive to and from dropping off or picking up children from school or child care, to and from purchasing groceries or fuel and to and from religious worship services.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2023 session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2023 session of the Legislature.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Assigning seats in the House of Representatives for the 2023 session.. Description: Assigning seats in the House of Representatives for the 2023 session.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing temporary rules of the House of Representatives for the 2023 session until permanent rules are adopted.. Description: Providing temporary rules of the House of Representatives for the 2023 session until permanent rules are adopted.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing the permanent rules of the House of Representatives for the 2023-2024 biennium.. Description: Providing the permanent rules of the House of Representatives for the 2023-2024 biennium.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the House of Representatives during the 2023 legislative session.. Description: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the House of Representatives during the 2023 legislative session.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the 2023 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.. Description: Congratulating and commending the 2023 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating Eldon Headrick of Norwich EMS. Description: Congratulating Eldon Headrick of Norwich EMS
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 2, 2023, as Wear Red Day in the Kansas legislature.. Description: Recognizing February 2, 2023, as Wear Red Day in the Kansas legislature.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Kansas Chiropractic Association.. Description: Recognizing the Kansas Chiropractic Association.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating February 8, 2023, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol.. Description: Designating February 8, 2023, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 150th anniversary of the Ellsworth Route.. Description: Commemorating the 150th anniversary of the Ellsworth Route.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 125th Anniversary of Friends University.. Description: Commemorating the 125th Anniversary of Friends University.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Strengthening the sister-state ties between the State of Kansas and Taiwan.. Description: Strengthening the sister-state ties between the State of Kansas and Taiwan.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commending the United States African-American Burial Grounds Preservation Program.. Description: Commending the United States African-American Burial Grounds Preservation Program.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the celebration of St. Patrick's Day.. Description: Commemorating the celebration of St. Patrick's Day.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 18, 2023, as Kansas Public Defender Day.. Description: Recognizing March 18, 2023, as Kansas Public Defender Day.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 50th anniversary of the National Wild Turkey Federation.. Description: Commemorating the 50th anniversary of the National Wild Turkey Federation.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Storytime Village, Inc., for its literacy programs.. Description: Recognizing Storytime Village, Inc., for its literacy programs.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the contributions of Kansas Rotarians.. Description: Recognizing the contributions of Kansas Rotarians.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 125th Anniversary of the 1898 Smoky Valley Roller Mills in Lindsborg, Kansas.. Description: Recognizing the 125th Anniversary of the 1898 Smoky Valley Roller Mills in Lindsborg, Kansas.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and public service of Gayle Lavern Mollenkamp.. Description: Honoring the life and public service of Gayle Lavern Mollenkamp.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 20th anniversary of the bilateral relations between Kansas and the Republic of Armenia.. Description: Commemorating the 20th anniversary of the bilateral relations between Kansas and the Republic of Armenia.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the legendary Kansas sculptor Pete Felten on his 90th birthday.. Description: Honoring the legendary Kansas sculptor Pete Felten on his 90th birthday.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the 2022-2023 University of Kansas women's basketball team on their 2023 WNIT Championship.. Description: Congratulating and commending the 2022-2023 University of Kansas women's basketball team on their 2023 WNIT Championship.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Approving an amendment to the gaming compact with the Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation concerning sports wagering.. Description: Approving an amendment to the gaming compact with the Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation concerning sports wagering.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Dr. Sue K. Peterson Thomas for her service to the State of Kansas and the Kansas State University.. Description: Recognizing Dr. Sue K. Peterson Thomas for her service to the State of Kansas and the Kansas State University.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2024 session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2024 session of the Legislature.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the House of Representatives during the 2024 legislative session.. Description: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the House of Representatives during the 2024 legislative session.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Condemning the October 7 attacks on the State of Israel.. Description: Condemning the October 7 attacks on the State of Israel.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Supporting the strengthening of Kansas' trade partnership with Ireland.. Description: Supporting the strengthening of Kansas' trade partnership with Ireland.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2024 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.. Description: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2024 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Strengthening the sister-state ties between the State of Kansas and Taiwan.. Description: Strengthening the sister-state ties between the State of Kansas and Taiwan.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Affirming state sovereignty and supporting Texas in its efforts to combat illegal immigration.. Description: Affirming state sovereignty and supporting Texas in its efforts to combat illegal immigration.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing and commending the NCSL on its 50th anniversary.. Description: Recognizing and commending the NCSL on its 50th anniversary.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing February as American Heart Month.. Description: Recognizing February as American Heart Month.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing and thanking the Kansas Mission of Mercy volunteers for their ongoing generosity for providing free dental care to citizens of Kansas.. Description: Recognizing and thanking the Kansas Mission of Mercy volunteers for their ongoing generosity for providing free dental care to citizens of Kansas.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 150th anniversary of the Great Western Cattle Trail.. Description: Commemorating the 150th anniversary of the Great Western Cattle Trail.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating Goodwill of Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas on its 130th anniversary in 2024.. Description: Congratulating Goodwill of Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas on its 130th anniversary in 2024.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Celebrating the historic and immense contributions of the Hispanic and Latino communities to the Kansas economy.. Description: Celebrating the historic and immense contributions of the Hispanic and Latino communities to the Kansas economy.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the House of Representatives during the 2024 legislative session.. Description: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the House of Representatives during the 2024 legislative session.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the celebration of St. Patrick's Day.. Description: Commemorating the celebration of St. Patrick's Day.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Approving an amendment to the gaming compact with the Iowa Tribe of Kansas and Nebraska concerning sports wagering.. Description: Approving an amendment to the gaming compact with the Iowa Tribe of Kansas and Nebraska concerning sports wagering.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating SevenDays on its 10th anniversary of teaching kindness and making a ripple to change the world.. Description: Congratulating SevenDays on its 10th anniversary of teaching kindness and making a ripple to change the world.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 70th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education.. Description: Commemorating the 70th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2023 session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2023 session of the Legislature.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Assigning seats in the Senate for the 2023 session.. Description: Assigning seats in the Senate for the 2023 session.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the rules of the Senate to increase the number of members on the committee on assessment and taxation.. Description: Amending the rules of the Senate to increase the number of members on the committee on assessment and taxation.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring Robert Steinhardt for his outstanding achievements.. Description: Honoring Robert Steinhardt for his outstanding achievements.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: congratulating and commending the members of the 2023 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.. Description: congratulating and commending the members of the 2023 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 2, 2023, as Wear Red Day in the Kansas legislature.. Description: Recognizing February 2, 2023, as Wear Red Day in the Kansas legislature.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Kansas Chiropractic Association's invaluable work for Kansas chiropractic physicians.. Description: Recognizing the Kansas Chiropractic Association's invaluable work for Kansas chiropractic physicians.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating February 8, 2023, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol. Description: Designating February 8, 2023, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.. Description: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending award-winning Kansas educators.. Description: Congratulating and commending award-winning Kansas educators.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 125th Anniversary of Friends University.. Description: Commemorating the 125th Anniversary of Friends University.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Kansas Small Business Development Center's 2023 Businesses of the Year.. Description: Recognizing the Kansas Small Business Development Center's 2023 Businesses of the Year.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 8, 2023, as International Women's Day.. Description: Recognizing March 8, 2023, as International Women's Day.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the 2023 Kansas Master Teachers.. Description: Congratulating and commending the 2023 Kansas Master Teachers.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring Real Men Real Leaders outstanding service in Garden City, Kansas.. Description: Honoring Real Men Real Leaders outstanding service in Garden City, Kansas.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the celebration of St. Patrick's Day.. Description: Commemorating the celebration of St. Patrick's Day.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Storytime Village, Inc., for its literacy programs.. Description: Recognizing Storytime Village, Inc., for its literacy programs.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the lives lost during the construction of the Kansas State Capitol.. Description: Honoring the lives lost during the construction of the Kansas State Capitol.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating May 2023 as Jewish American Heritage Month.. Description: Commemorating May 2023 as Jewish American Heritage Month.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the contributions of Kansas rotarians.. Description: Recognizing the contributions of Kansas rotarians.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Dr. Sue K. Peterson Thomas for her service to the State of Kansas and Kansas State University.. Description: Recognizing Dr. Sue K. Peterson Thomas for her service to the State of Kansas and Kansas State University.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 20th anniversary of the bilateral relations between Kansas and the Republic of Armenia.. Description: Commemorating the 20th anniversary of the bilateral relations between Kansas and the Republic of Armenia.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the 2022-2023 University of Kansas women's basketball team on their 2023 WNIT Championship.. Description: Congratulating and commending the 2022-2023 University of Kansas women's basketball team on their 2023 WNIT Championship.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Approving an amendment to the gaming compact with the Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation concerning sports wagering.. Description: Approving an amendment to the gaming compact with the Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation concerning sports wagering.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the legendary Kansas sculptor Pete Felten on his 90th birthday.. Description: Honoring the legendary Kansas sculptor Pete Felten on his 90th birthday.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 100th anniversary of the cage elevator in the Kansas State Capitol.. Description: Commemorating the 100th anniversary of the cage elevator in the Kansas State Capitol.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2024 session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2024 session of the Legislature.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Condemning the October 7 attacks on the State of Israel.. Description: Condemning the October 7 attacks on the State of Israel.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Supporting the strengthening of Kansas' trade partnership with Ireland.. Description: Supporting the strengthening of Kansas' trade partnership with Ireland.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2024 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.. Description: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2024 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Strengthening the sister-state ties between the State of Kansas and Taiwan.. Description: Strengthening the sister-state ties between the State of Kansas and Taiwan.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing February as American Heart Month.. Description: Recognizing February as American Heart Month.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the NCSL on its 50th anniversary.. Description: Congratulating and commending the NCSL on its 50th anniversary.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Affirming Texas Governor, Greg Abbott's right to defend the state of Texas from unrestrained illegal immigration.. Description: Affirming Texas Governor, Greg Abbott's right to defend the state of Texas from unrestrained illegal immigration.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 7, 2024, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol.. Description: Recognizing February 7, 2024, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.. Description: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending Major League Baseball umpire Todd Tichenor for his accomplishments.. Description: Congratulating and commending Major League Baseball umpire Todd Tichenor for his accomplishments.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for all vehicles more than 35 years old to qualify as an antique vehicle.. Description: Providing for all vehicles more than 35 years old to qualify as an antique vehicle.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the award-winning educators of the Milken Educator Award Program and the Kansas Horizon Awards Program.. Description: Congratulating and commending the award-winning educators of the Milken Educator Award Program and the Kansas Horizon Awards Program.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating April 24th as Ad Astra STEM Day in Kansas.. Description: Designating April 24th as Ad Astra STEM Day in Kansas.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating Goodwill of Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas on its 130th anniversary in 2024.. Description: Congratulating Goodwill of Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas on its 130th anniversary in 2024.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the 2023 Kansas Master Teaachers.. Description: Congratulating and commending the 2023 Kansas Master Teaachers.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Storytime Village, Inc., for its literacy programs for children.. Description: Recognizing Storytime Village, Inc., for its literacy programs for children.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating Kansas City Kansas Community College on its 100th anniversary.. Description: Congratulating Kansas City Kansas Community College on its 100th anniversary.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Supporting the Kinaway Chamber of Commerce and the First Nations Leadership Development Trade Mission to Kansas.. Description: Supporting the Kinaway Chamber of Commerce and the First Nations Leadership Development Trade Mission to Kansas.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Approving an amendment to the gaming compact with the Iowa Tribe of Kansas and Nebraska concerning sports wagering.. Description: Approving an amendment to the gaming compact with the Iowa Tribe of Kansas and Nebraska concerning sports wagering.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Success Learning Inclusion and its President and CEO, Lisa Jackson.. Description: Recognizing Success Learning Inclusion and its President and CEO, Lisa Jackson.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating SevenDays on its 10th anniversary of teaching kindness and making a ripple to change the world.. Description: Congratulating SevenDays on its 10th anniversary of teaching kindness and making a ripple to change the world.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Chuck Torrence for his outstanding service to the state of Kansas and congratulating him on his retirement.. Description: Recognizing Chuck Torrence for his outstanding service to the state of Kansas and congratulating him on his retirement.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating Rhett Ryman on his first-place at both Kansas Regional and State Bowling Tournaments.. Description: Congratulating Rhett Ryman on his first-place at both Kansas Regional and State Bowling Tournaments.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Turner High School Bowling Team on their 2nd Place finish in the 5A Kansas State Bowling Tournament.. Description: Congratulating the Turner High School Bowling Team on their 2nd Place finish in the 5A Kansas State Bowling Tournament.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating 70th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education.. Description: Commemorating 70th anniversary of Brown v. Board of Education.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating KC Clowers on her retirement.. Description: Congratulating KC Clowers on her retirement.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Hutchinson women's basketball team for an outstanding season and winning the NJCAA Divison 1 Women's Basketball Championship.. Description: Congratulating the Hutchinson women's basketball team for an outstanding season and winning the NJCAA Divison 1 Women's Basketball Championship.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Barton men's basketball team for an outstanding season and winning the NJCAA Division 1 championship.. Description: Congratulating the Barton men's basketball team for an outstanding season and winning the NJCAA Division 1 championship.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for joint sessions of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing messages from the Governor and the Supreme Court.. Description: Providing for joint sessions of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing messages from the Governor and the Supreme Court.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for joint rules for the House of Representatives and the Senate for the 2023-2024 biennium.. Description: Providing for joint rules for the House of Representatives and the Senate for the 2023-2024 biennium.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for a joint session of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing a message from the Governor.. Description: Providing for a joint session of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing a message from the Governor.
In 2023, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Making application to the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states to establish term limits for members of Congress.. Description: Making application to the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states to establish term limits for members of Congress.
In 2023, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Applying to the Congress of the United States to call for a convention of the states for the limited purpose of amending the constitution of the United States to impose fiscal restraints on the federal government.. Description: Applying to the Congress of the United States to call for a convention of the states for the limited purpose of amending the constitution of the United States to impose fiscal restraints on the federal government.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the first adjournemtn of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2023 regular session of the legislature.. Description: Providing for the first adjournemtn of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2023 regular session of the legislature.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating May 2023 as Jewish American Heritage Month.. Description: Commemorating May 2023 as Jewish American Heritage Month.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment of the House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2023 regular session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the adjournment of the House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2023 regular session of the Legislature.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment sine die of the Senate and House of Representatives during the 2023 legislative session.. Description: Providing for the adjournment sine die of the Senate and House of Representatives during the 2023 legislative session.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications during the 2024 session.. Description: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications during the 2024 session.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for joint sessions of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing messages from the Governor and the Supreme Court.. Description: Providing for joint sessions of the Senate and the House of Representatives for the purpose of hearing messages from the Governor and the Supreme Court.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending the 2024 regular session of the Legislature beyond 90 calendar days and providing for adjournment of the House of Representatives and Senate.. Description: Extending the 2024 regular session of the Legislature beyond 90 calendar days and providing for adjournment of the House of Representatives and Senate.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.. Description: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Disapproving the designation of the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species in Kansas by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.. Description: Disapproving the designation of the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species in Kansas by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Urging the President of the United States to restore energy independence in the United States.. Description: Urging the President of the United States to restore energy independence in the United States.
In 2023, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2023 regular session of the legislature.. Description: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2023 regular session of the legislature.
In 2024, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the first adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2024 regular session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the first adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2024 regular session of the Legislature.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the Kansas kids lifetime combination hunting and fishing license.. Description: Establishing the Kansas kids lifetime combination hunting and fishing license.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Excluding hot water supply boilers that have a nominal water capacity not exceeding 120 gallons from the provisions of the boiler safety act; creating the elevator safety act to require safety standards, permit requirements, and insurance coverage for elevator contractors; requiring inspections of elevators and licensure for persons installing, repairing and inspecting elevators; creating an elevator safety advisory board; establishing duties for the state fire marshal.. Description: Excluding hot water supply boilers that have a nominal water capacity not exceeding 120 gallons from the provisions of the boiler safety act; creating the elevator safety act to require safety standards, permit requirements, and insurance coverage for elevator contractors; requiring inspections of elevators and licensure for persons installing, repairing and inspecting elevators; creating an elevator safety advisory board; establishing duties for the state fire marshal.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Appropriations for FY 2021, FY 2022, FY 2023 and FY 2024 for various state agencies.. Description: Appropriations for FY 2021, FY 2022, FY 2023 and FY 2024 for various state agencies.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the attorney general to coordinate training for law enforcement agencies on missing and murdered indigenous people.. Description: Providing for the attorney general to coordinate training for law enforcement agencies on missing and murdered indigenous people.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Permitting military surplus vehicles to register with the division of vehicles for road use.. Description: Permitting military surplus vehicles to register with the division of vehicles for road use.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the issuance of bonds for the construction of a state veterans home and expanding educational benefits of tuition and fees waiver for spouses and dependents of public safety officers and personnel who are injured or disabled while performing service-related duties.. Description: Authorizing the issuance of bonds for the construction of a state veterans home and expanding educational benefits of tuition and fees waiver for spouses and dependents of public safety officers and personnel who are injured or disabled while performing service-related duties.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating the state corporation commission's authority to regulate and determine responsibility for abandoned oil and gas wells and abolishing the well plugging assurance fund and transferring all assets and liabilities to the abandoned oil and gas well fund.. Description: Updating the state corporation commission's authority to regulate and determine responsibility for abandoned oil and gas wells and abolishing the well plugging assurance fund and transferring all assets and liabilities to the abandoned oil and gas well fund.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating a drug abuse treatment program for people on diversion and allowing county and district attorneys to enter into agreements with chief judges and community corrections for supervision, clarifying jurisdiction and supervision of offenders in a certified drug abuse treatment program, authorizing the Kansas sentencing commission to change risk assessment cut-off levels for participation in the certified drug abuse treatment program, modifying the criminal penalties for tampering with electronic monitoring equipment and increasing the criminal penalties for riot and incitement to riot in a correctional facility.. Description: Creating a drug abuse treatment program for people on diversion and allowing county and district attorneys to enter into agreements with chief judges and community corrections for supervision, clarifying jurisdiction and supervision of offenders in a certified drug abuse treatment program, authorizing the Kansas sentencing commission to change risk assessment cut-off levels for participation in the certified drug abuse treatment program, modifying the criminal penalties for tampering with electronic monitoring equipment and increasing the criminal penalties for riot and incitement to riot in a correctional facility.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for HB 2049 by Committee on Judiciary - Prohibiting a public agency from charging a fee for records requested for an audit by the legislative division of post audit.. Description: Substitute for HB 2049 by Committee on Judiciary - Prohibiting a public agency from charging a fee for records requested for an audit by the legislative division of post audit.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Removing the requirement that certain entities submit certain documents to the division of post audit.. Description: Removing the requirement that certain entities submit certain documents to the division of post audit.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing reciprocity for licenses to carry concealed handguns and creating a new class of concealed carry license for individuals 18 to 20 years of age, and creating the Kansas protection of firearm rights act to restore the right to possess a firearm upon expungement of certain convictions.. Description: Providing reciprocity for licenses to carry concealed handguns and creating a new class of concealed carry license for individuals 18 to 20 years of age, and creating the Kansas protection of firearm rights act to restore the right to possess a firearm upon expungement of certain convictions.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing certain KP&F tier II spousal and children's benefits for death resulting from a service-connected disability and enacting the Michael Wells memorial act.. Description: Providing certain KP&F tier II spousal and children's benefits for death resulting from a service-connected disability and enacting the Michael Wells memorial act.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the Kansas promise scholarship act to provide postsecondary educational scholarships for certain two-year associate degree programs, career and technical education certificates and other stand-alone programs.. Description: Creating the Kansas promise scholarship act to provide postsecondary educational scholarships for certain two-year associate degree programs, career and technical education certificates and other stand-alone programs.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for HB 2066 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Expanding the military spouse and service members expedited licensure law to all applicants who have established or intend to establish residency in Kansas.. Description: Substitute for HB 2066 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Expanding the military spouse and service members expedited licensure law to all applicants who have established or intend to establish residency in Kansas.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing certain private not-for-profit postsecondary educational institutions to recoup credit card fees by permitting a surcharge for credit card transactions in the same manner as municipal universities, community colleges, technical colleges and vocational educational schools.. Description: Allowing certain private not-for-profit postsecondary educational institutions to recoup credit card fees by permitting a surcharge for credit card transactions in the same manner as municipal universities, community colleges, technical colleges and vocational educational schools.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the criminal penalties for stalking a minor.. Description: Increasing the criminal penalties for stalking a minor.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2072 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Insurance - Providing for the Kansas corporation commission to authorize the securitization of certain public utility generating facilities, qualified extraordinary costs and issuance of securitized utility tariff bonds.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2072 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Insurance - Providing for the Kansas corporation commission to authorize the securitization of certain public utility generating facilities, qualified extraordinary costs and issuance of securitized utility tariff bonds.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2074 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Insurance - Enacting the technology-enabled fiduciary financial institution act, providing requirements, fiduciary powers, duties, functions and limitations for such financial institutions and the administration thereof by the state bank commissioner, creating an income and privilege tax credit for certain qualified distributions from technology-enabled fiduciary financial institutions and the joint committee on fiduciary financial institutions oversight.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2074 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Insurance - Enacting the technology-enabled fiduciary financial institution act, providing requirements, fiduciary powers, duties, functions and limitations for such financial institutions and the administration thereof by the state bank commissioner, creating an income and privilege tax credit for certain qualified distributions from technology-enabled fiduciary financial institutions and the joint committee on fiduciary financial institutions oversight.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing venue for an adoption when the state is the agency to be where the state agency or its subcontracting agency has an office.. Description: Allowing venue for an adoption when the state is the agency to be where the state agency or its subcontracting agency has an office.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending the Kansas closed case task force, providing for staff assistance and renaming the task force the Alvin Sykes cold case DNA task force, extending the Kansas criminal justice reform commission, limiting the commission's scope of study and adding a public defender, and authorizing the crime victims compensation board to waive application time restrictions for certain victims to receive compensation for mental health counseling and adding certain children to the definition of victim.. Description: Extending the Kansas closed case task force, providing for staff assistance and renaming the task force the Alvin Sykes cold case DNA task force, extending the Kansas criminal justice reform commission, limiting the commission's scope of study and adding a public defender, and authorizing the crime victims compensation board to waive application time restrictions for certain victims to receive compensation for mental health counseling and adding certain children to the definition of victim.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Suspending statutory speedy trial rights until May 1, 2023, in all criminal cases, providing guidelines for prioritizing trials and requiring the office of judicial administration to prepare and submit a report to the legislature in 2022 and 2023.. Description: Suspending statutory speedy trial rights until May 1, 2023, in all criminal cases, providing guidelines for prioritizing trials and requiring the office of judicial administration to prepare and submit a report to the legislature in 2022 and 2023.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Transferring duties concerning address confidentiality program (safe at home) and the registration of charitable organizations from the secretary of state to the attorney general, enacting the Kansas fights addiction act to establish a grant program for the purpose of preventing, reducing, treating and mitigating the effects of substance abuse and addiction and requiring posting of a human trafficking awareness notice approved by the attorney general in certain businesses and public places.. Description: Transferring duties concerning address confidentiality program (safe at home) and the registration of charitable organizations from the secretary of state to the attorney general, enacting the Kansas fights addiction act to establish a grant program for the purpose of preventing, reducing, treating and mitigating the effects of substance abuse and addiction and requiring posting of a human trafficking awareness notice approved by the attorney general in certain businesses and public places.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the students' right to know act to provide information on postsecondary education options.. Description: Creating the students' right to know act to provide information on postsecondary education options.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Limiting the review of certain rules and regulations by the director of the budget and requiring review of rules and regulations every five years.. Description: Limiting the review of certain rules and regulations by the director of the budget and requiring review of rules and regulations every five years.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending transfers from the expanded lottery act revenues fund to the university engineering initiative.. Description: Extending transfers from the expanded lottery act revenues fund to the university engineering initiative.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2102 by Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources - Updating egg repackaging requirements for retailers.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2102 by Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources - Updating egg repackaging requirements for retailers.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2104 by Committee on Assessment and Taxation - Extending certain budget due dates for schools and notice and hearing requirements when exceeding the revenue neutral rate for property tax purposes, changing time to request full and complete opinion from the state board tax appeals, requiring the state board of tax appeals to serve orders and notices by electronic means if requested by the party, prohibiting valuation increases of certain property in appeals, requiring appraisal directives to require compliance with uniform standards of professional appraisal practice, providing for notice and opportunity to be heard prior to removal from county appraiser eligibility list, providing notification when person no longer holds office of county appraiser, placing the burden of proof on the county appraiser in certain valuation and classification appeal hearings before the district court, requiring appraisal courses for appraisers to be courses approved by the Kansas real estate appraisal board, extending the time a state board of tax appeals member may continue to serve after such member's term expires and authorizing appointment of a member pro tempore under certain conditions.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2104 by Committee on Assessment and Taxation - Extending certain budget due dates for schools and notice and hearing requirements when exceeding the revenue neutral rate for property tax purposes, changing time to request full and complete opinion from the state board tax appeals, requiring the state board of tax appeals to serve orders and notices by electronic means if requested by the party, prohibiting valuation increases of certain property in appeals, requiring appraisal directives to require compliance with uniform standards of professional appraisal practice, providing for notice and opportunity to be heard prior to removal from county appraiser eligibility list, providing notification when person no longer holds office of county appraiser, placing the burden of proof on the county appraiser in certain valuation and classification appeal hearings before the district court, requiring appraisal courses for appraisers to be courses approved by the Kansas real estate appraisal board, extending the time a state board of tax appeals member may continue to serve after such member's term expires and authorizing appointment of a member pro tempore under certain conditions.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Decreasing the state rate for sales and use taxes for sales of food and food ingredients and providing for the levying of taxes by cities and counties and discontinuing the nonrefundable food sales tax credit.. Description: Decreasing the state rate for sales and use taxes for sales of food and food ingredients and providing for the levying of taxes by cities and counties and discontinuing the nonrefundable food sales tax credit.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the disclosure of personal information about a person's affiliation with an entity that is exempt from federal income taxation under section 501(c) of the federal internal revenue code and continuing in existence certain exceptions to the disclosure of public records under the open records act.. Description: Prohibiting the disclosure of personal information about a person's affiliation with an entity that is exempt from federal income taxation under section 501(c) of the federal internal revenue code and continuing in existence certain exceptions to the disclosure of public records under the open records act.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring insurance coverage for PANS and PANDAS by the state health care benefits program and requiring the state employee health care commission to submit an impact report on such coverage to the legislature.. Description: Requiring insurance coverage for PANS and PANDAS by the state health care benefits program and requiring the state employee health care commission to submit an impact report on such coverage to the legislature.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Permitting online advertisement and sales of abandoned property by self-storage rental unit operators; providing for the designation by occupants of an alternate contact and limiting claims for loss or damage of stored property to the property value limit provided in the rental agreement.. Description: Permitting online advertisement and sales of abandoned property by self-storage rental unit operators; providing for the designation by occupants of an alternate contact and limiting claims for loss or damage of stored property to the property value limit provided in the rental agreement.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing immunity from civil liability for COVID-19 claims for certain covered facilities, including adult care homes, community mental health centers, crisis intervention centers, community service providers and community developmental disability organizations.. Description: Providing immunity from civil liability for COVID-19 claims for certain covered facilities, including adult care homes, community mental health centers, crisis intervention centers, community service providers and community developmental disability organizations.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the senior care task force, a definition of financial exploitation and Kansas elder and dependent adult abuse multidisciplinary team coordinator and teams, requiring additional mandatory reporters, increasing investigation days for reports of abuse, neglect and financial exploitation of certain adults and directing the department for children and families to inform certain chief administrative officers of substantiated findings of such reports.. Description: Establishing the senior care task force, a definition of financial exploitation and Kansas elder and dependent adult abuse multidisciplinary team coordinator and teams, requiring additional mandatory reporters, increasing investigation days for reports of abuse, neglect and financial exploitation of certain adults and directing the department for children and families to inform certain chief administrative officers of substantiated findings of such reports.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the criminal penalty for mistreatment of a dependent adult or elder person when the victim is a resident of an adult care home, adding definitions related to defendants who abscond from supervision in the criminal procedure code and for parole and clarifying that bond agents seeking discharge as a surety are required to return the person released on bond to the court in the county where the complaint subject to the bond was filed, requiring the department of corrections to develop guidance to be used by parole officers when responding to violations of parole and postrelease supervision and that incentivize compliant behavior, and authorizing court services officers and community corrections officers to provide a certification of identification to offenders for use to obtain a new driver's license.. Description: Increasing the criminal penalty for mistreatment of a dependent adult or elder person when the victim is a resident of an adult care home, adding definitions related to defendants who abscond from supervision in the criminal procedure code and for parole and clarifying that bond agents seeking discharge as a surety are required to return the person released on bond to the court in the county where the complaint subject to the bond was filed, requiring the department of corrections to develop guidance to be used by parole officers when responding to violations of parole and postrelease supervision and that incentivize compliant behavior, and authorizing court services officers and community corrections officers to provide a certification of identification to offenders for use to obtain a new driver's license.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Clarifying the authority of healing arts school clinics to provide healing arts services.. Description: Clarifying the authority of healing arts school clinics to provide healing arts services.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the Kansas state department of education for FY 2021, FY 2022 and FY 2023; requiring a Kansas foster care children annual academic report card; authorizing limited remote learning; providing the criteria for identification of students eligible to receive at-risk programs and services; requiring boards of education to allocate sufficient school district moneys to improve student academic performance; authorizing school districts to pay tuition and fees for concurrent and dual enrollment programs; expanding student eligibility under the tax credit for low income students scholarship program; extending the high-density at-risk weighting; providing ACT college entrance exams and workkeys assessments to certain nonpublic school students.. Description: Making appropriations for the Kansas state department of education for FY 2021, FY 2022 and FY 2023; requiring a Kansas foster care children annual academic report card; authorizing limited remote learning; providing the criteria for identification of students eligible to receive at-risk programs and services; requiring boards of education to allocate sufficient school district moneys to improve student academic performance; authorizing school districts to pay tuition and fees for concurrent and dual enrollment programs; expanding student eligibility under the tax credit for low income students scholarship program; extending the high-density at-risk weighting; providing ACT college entrance exams and workkeys assessments to certain nonpublic school students.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the COVID-19 retail storefront property tax relief act to provide partial refunds to certain businesses impacted by COVID-19-related shutdowns and restrictions, discontinuing the first 15 days of the month sales and compensating use tax remittance requirements for certain retailers, providing countywide retailers' sales tax authority for Atchison county and delaying implementation of the exclusion of separately stated delivery charges from sales or selling price.. Description: Establishing the COVID-19 retail storefront property tax relief act to provide partial refunds to certain businesses impacted by COVID-19-related shutdowns and restrictions, discontinuing the first 15 days of the month sales and compensating use tax remittance requirements for certain retailers, providing countywide retailers' sales tax authority for Atchison county and delaying implementation of the exclusion of separately stated delivery charges from sales or selling price.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Making amendments regarding licensure to sell alcoholic liquor and cereal malt beverages, authorizing transfers of bulk alcoholic liquor by certain licensees and authorizing the sale of alcoholic liquor and cereal malt beverages on specified days and times and subject to certain conditions by licensees under the Kansas liquor control act and the club and drinking establishment act.. Description: Making amendments regarding licensure to sell alcoholic liquor and cereal malt beverages, authorizing transfers of bulk alcoholic liquor by certain licensees and authorizing the sale of alcoholic liquor and cereal malt beverages on specified days and times and subject to certain conditions by licensees under the Kansas liquor control act and the club and drinking establishment act.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the use of electronic poll books in elections and the approval of such books by the secretary of state, requiring all voting systems for elections to use individual voter-verified paper ballots with a distinctive watermark, requiring the secretary of state and local election officers to develop an affidavit to be signed by election workers regarding handling of completed ballots, requiring audits of any federal, statewide or state legislative race that is within 1% of the total votes cast and requiring randomized audits of elections procedures used in four counties in even-numbered years, requiring a county election officer to send a confirmation of address when there is no election-related activity for any four calendar year period and exempting poll workers from certain election crimes.. Description: Providing for the use of electronic poll books in elections and the approval of such books by the secretary of state, requiring all voting systems for elections to use individual voter-verified paper ballots with a distinctive watermark, requiring the secretary of state and local election officers to develop an affidavit to be signed by election workers regarding handling of completed ballots, requiring audits of any federal, statewide or state legislative race that is within 1% of the total votes cast and requiring randomized audits of elections procedures used in four counties in even-numbered years, requiring a county election officer to send a confirmation of address when there is no election-related activity for any four calendar year period and exempting poll workers from certain election crimes.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending the date that the sales tax exemption for certain cash rebates on sales or leases of new motor vehicles for sales tax purposes would apply, increasing the sales tax collection thresholds for payment by retailers, modifying the exemption for construction materials for certain educational institutions, defining nonprofit integrated community care organizations and providing a sales tax exemption therefor and providing a sales tax exemption for friends of hospice of Jefferson county.. Description: Extending the date that the sales tax exemption for certain cash rebates on sales or leases of new motor vehicles for sales tax purposes would apply, increasing the sales tax collection thresholds for payment by retailers, modifying the exemption for construction materials for certain educational institutions, defining nonprofit integrated community care organizations and providing a sales tax exemption therefor and providing a sales tax exemption for friends of hospice of Jefferson county.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Exempting the retail sale of electricity by public utilities for electric vehicle charging stations from the jurisdiction of the state corporation commission.. Description: Exempting the retail sale of electricity by public utilities for electric vehicle charging stations from the jurisdiction of the state corporation commission.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for department of health and environment response operations for water and soil pollutant release, discharge or escape.. Description: Providing for department of health and environment response operations for water and soil pollutant release, discharge or escape.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the joint committee on child welfare system oversight, providing certain exceptions to the confidentiality of state child death review board documents, requiring visual observation of an alleged victim of child abuse or neglect as part of an investigation, exempting the caregiver of a child in state out-of-home placement from the child care assistance 20-hour-per-week work requirement, permitting the secretary for children and families to license certain family foster homes where a former foster care youth with certain juvenile adjudications resides making permanent provisions for the advisory committee on trauma and the statewide trauma system regional council to conduct closed meetings and keep privileged records regarding trauma cases.. Description: Establishing the joint committee on child welfare system oversight, providing certain exceptions to the confidentiality of state child death review board documents, requiring visual observation of an alleged victim of child abuse or neglect as part of an investigation, exempting the caregiver of a child in state out-of-home placement from the child care assistance 20-hour-per-week work requirement, permitting the secretary for children and families to license certain family foster homes where a former foster care youth with certain juvenile adjudications resides making permanent provisions for the advisory committee on trauma and the statewide trauma system regional council to conduct closed meetings and keep privileged records regarding trauma cases.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending and repealing reapportionment census data laws to conform with 2019 amendments to the Kansas constitution and to remove certain obsolete provisions.. Description: Amending and repealing reapportionment census data laws to conform with 2019 amendments to the Kansas constitution and to remove certain obsolete provisions.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for HB 2166 by Committee on Transportation - Providing for the Braden's hope for childhood cancer, proud educator, delta sigma theta, Gadsden flag, love, Chloe foundation and alpha kappa alpha distinctive license plates and providing distinctive license plates for current and veteran members of the United States army, navy, marine corps, air force, coast guard and space force, modifying the requirements to begin production on distinctive license plates, requiring reporting by sponsoring organizations of distinctive license plates, allowing certain license plates issued by the division of vehicles to be personalized license plates and establishing a fee on firefighter distinctive license plates.. Description: Substitute for HB 2166 by Committee on Transportation - Providing for the Braden's hope for childhood cancer, proud educator, delta sigma theta, Gadsden flag, love, Chloe foundation and alpha kappa alpha distinctive license plates and providing distinctive license plates for current and veteran members of the United States army, navy, marine corps, air force, coast guard and space force, modifying the requirements to begin production on distinctive license plates, requiring reporting by sponsoring organizations of distinctive license plates, allowing certain license plates issued by the division of vehicles to be personalized license plates and establishing a fee on firefighter distinctive license plates.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Permitting concrete mixer trucks and requiring dump trucks to display license plates on the front of vehicles.. Description: Permitting concrete mixer trucks and requiring dump trucks to display license plates on the front of vehicles.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Modifying water usage calculations and fees for multi-year flex accounts and permitting alternative base average water use calculations and prorated terms.. Description: Modifying water usage calculations and fees for multi-year flex accounts and permitting alternative base average water use calculations and prorated terms.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Vacating certain blocks in the original town plat set aside for a college and a park in the city of Americus and vesting fee simple title in the city.. Description: Vacating certain blocks in the original town plat set aside for a college and a park in the city of Americus and vesting fee simple title in the city.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2183 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Creating the transparency in revenues underwriting elections act; prohibiting the receipt and expenditure of private moneys by election officials; directing the secretary of state to publish certain registered voter totals; relating to advance voting ballots by requiring signed statements for delivery of such ballots on behalf of a voter; limiting the number of such ballots that can be delivered; prohibiting the altering or backdating of the mailing date on such ballots; requiring a matching signature on such ballots; removing the secretary of state's authority to provide additional time for receipt of such ballots; prohibiting candidates for office from engaging in certain conduct related to advance voting ballots; creating the crime of false representation of an election official; and, expanding the crime of electioneering.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2183 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Creating the transparency in revenues underwriting elections act; prohibiting the receipt and expenditure of private moneys by election officials; directing the secretary of state to publish certain registered voter totals; relating to advance voting ballots by requiring signed statements for delivery of such ballots on behalf of a voter; limiting the number of such ballots that can be delivered; prohibiting the altering or backdating of the mailing date on such ballots; requiring a matching signature on such ballots; removing the secretary of state's authority to provide additional time for receipt of such ballots; prohibiting candidates for office from engaging in certain conduct related to advance voting ballots; creating the crime of false representation of an election official; and, expanding the crime of electioneering.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the first-time home buyer savings account act.. Description: Enacting the first-time home buyer savings account act.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for Substitute HB 2196 by Committee on Commerce - Changing provisions of the employment security law including creation of the unemployment compensation modernization and improvement council, development of a new unemployment insurance information technology system, provision of tax information to claimants, publication of trust fund data, the maximum benefit period, the charging of employer accounts for benefits paid, employer contribution rate determination and schedules, crediting of employer accounts for fraudulent or erroneous payments, transfer of federal COVID-19 moneys to the unemployment insurance trust fund, emergency expansion of the employment security board of review, providing for the my reemployment plan program and workforce training program availability to claimants, changes to the shared work compensation program and other unemployment trust fund provisions.. Description: Senate Substitute for Substitute HB 2196 by Committee on Commerce - Changing provisions of the employment security law including creation of the unemployment compensation modernization and improvement council, development of a new unemployment insurance information technology system, provision of tax information to claimants, publication of trust fund data, the maximum benefit period, the charging of employer accounts for benefits paid, employer contribution rate determination and schedules, crediting of employer accounts for fraudulent or erroneous payments, transfer of federal COVID-19 moneys to the unemployment insurance trust fund, emergency expansion of the employment security board of review, providing for the my reemployment plan program and workforce training program availability to claimants, changes to the shared work compensation program and other unemployment trust fund provisions.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2201 by Committee on Transportation - Decreasing the Eisenhower legacy transportation program alternate delivery project threshold, authorizing the usage of federal stimulus funds and KDOT bonding authority.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2201 by Committee on Transportation - Decreasing the Eisenhower legacy transportation program alternate delivery project threshold, authorizing the usage of federal stimulus funds and KDOT bonding authority.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the asbestos remediation fund for fees collected as part of the Kansas asbestos control program.. Description: Establishing the asbestos remediation fund for fees collected as part of the Kansas asbestos control program.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2208 by Committee on Public Health and Welfare - Establishing certification and funding for certified community behavioral health clinics, enacting the rural emergency hospital act to provide for the licensure of rural emergency hospitals, authorizing telemedicine waivers for out-of-state healthcare providers, reducing certain requirements for licensure by the behavioral sciences regulatory board and expanding out-of-state temporary permits to practice behavioral sciences professions.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2208 by Committee on Public Health and Welfare - Establishing certification and funding for certified community behavioral health clinics, enacting the rural emergency hospital act to provide for the licensure of rural emergency hospitals, authorizing telemedicine waivers for out-of-state healthcare providers, reducing certain requirements for licensure by the behavioral sciences regulatory board and expanding out-of-state temporary permits to practice behavioral sciences professions.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the secretary of administration on behalf of the department of corrections to convey land in Mitchell county to the city of Beloit.. Description: Authorizing the secretary of administration on behalf of the department of corrections to convey land in Mitchell county to the city of Beloit.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating the membership and responsibilities of the Kansas state employees health care commission and requiring the commission to make certain reports and recommendations to the legislature.. Description: Updating the membership and responsibilities of the Kansas state employees health care commission and requiring the commission to make certain reports and recommendations to the legislature.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Expanding the definition of "infectious disease" in certain statutes related to crimes in which bodily fluids may have been transmitted from one person to another.. Description: Expanding the definition of "infectious disease" in certain statutes related to crimes in which bodily fluids may have been transmitted from one person to another.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing the chief justice to suspend certain time limitations during a state of local disaster emergency, suspend certain verification requirements and authorize use of electronic audio-visual communication to expeditiously resolve cases, and extending the chief justice's authority to suspend time limitations during a disaster emergency until June 30, 2022.. Description: Allowing the chief justice to suspend certain time limitations during a state of local disaster emergency, suspend certain verification requirements and authorize use of electronic audio-visual communication to expeditiously resolve cases, and extending the chief justice's authority to suspend time limitations during a disaster emergency until June 30, 2022.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring law enforcement agencies to adopt a policy regarding submission of sexual assault evidence kits and allowing evidence collection at child advocacy centers or other facilities.. Description: Requiring law enforcement agencies to adopt a policy regarding submission of sexual assault evidence kits and allowing evidence collection at child advocacy centers or other facilities.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the definition of the crime of conducting a pyramid promotional scheme, providing for an exemption and defining key terms.. Description: Amending the definition of the crime of conducting a pyramid promotional scheme, providing for an exemption and defining key terms.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the Kansas affordable housing tax credit act, the Kansas housing investor tax credit act, the historic Kansas act, the Kansas rural home loan guarantee act, authorizing certain residential real property appraisals in rural counties to be performed without completing the sales comparison approach to value, allowing the use of bond proceeds under the Kansas rural housing incentive district act for residential vertical development and renovation of certain buildings within economically distressed urban areas and expanding eligibility for the child day care services assistance tax credit and providing a credit for employer payments to an organization providing access to employees for child day care services.. Description: Enacting the Kansas affordable housing tax credit act, the Kansas housing investor tax credit act, the historic Kansas act, the Kansas rural home loan guarantee act, authorizing certain residential real property appraisals in rural counties to be performed without completing the sales comparison approach to value, allowing the use of bond proceeds under the Kansas rural housing incentive district act for residential vertical development and renovation of certain buildings within economically distressed urban areas and expanding eligibility for the child day care services assistance tax credit and providing a credit for employer payments to an organization providing access to employees for child day care services.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Eliminating the dollar limitation for acceptance of gifts by donors to school districts or cities, or both, for library purposes.. Description: Eliminating the dollar limitation for acceptance of gifts by donors to school districts or cities, or both, for library purposes.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing tax credits for graduates of aerospace and aviation-related educational programs and employers of program graduates, school and classroom supplies purchased by teachers, contributions to community colleges and technical colleges, qualified railroad track maintenance expenditures of short line railroads and associated rail siding owners or lessees and expanding eligibility, amount and transferability of the research and development tax credit, providing homestead property tax refunds from the income tax refund fund to certain persons based on the increase in property tax over the base year property tax amount, providing for an additional personal income tax exemption for 100% disabled veterans, establishing the salt parity act to allow pass-through entities to elect to pay state income tax at the entity level, establishing a checkoff for contributions to the Kansas historic site fund, establishing a revenue neutral rate complaint process for tax levies, authorizing the county clerk to limit the amount of ad valorem taxes to be levied in certain circumstances, establishing a deadline for budgets to be filed with the director of accounts and reports, requiring roll call votes and publication of information to exceed the revenue neutral rate, classifying certain agritourism activities and zoos as land devoted to agricultural use, classifying land devoted to agriculture that is subject to the federal grassland conservation reserve program as grassland, establishing a property tax exemption for antique utility trailers, allowing for the proration of value when certain personal property is acquired or sold prior to September 1 of any tax year, providing for the exemption of inventory and work-in-progress machinery and equipment for telecommunications machinery and equipment, increasing the extent of exemption for residential property from the statewide school levy, providing for abatement or credit of property tax for buildings and improvements destroyed or substantially destroyed by natural disaster, providing a sales tax exemption for certain fencing and for reconstructing, repairing or replacing certain fencing damaged or destroyed by a wildfire, flood, tornado or other natural disaster, excluding separately stated delivery charges from sales or selling price, removing the expiration on manufacturer cash rebates on motor vehicles, providing countywide retailers' sales tax authority for Wilson county, requiring disclosure of distribution of revenues on countywide retailers' sales tax ballot proposals, validating the election held to approve a retailers' sales tax levy by the city of Latham, extending the time period for eligibility in the loan repayment program and the income tax credit for rural opportunity zones, enacting the Gage park improvement authority act and providing for the creation of the Gage park improvement authority and an election for the imposition of a countywide sales tax sales tax within the boundaries of Shawnee county.. Description: Providing tax credits for graduates of aerospace and aviation-related educational programs and employers of program graduates, school and classroom supplies purchased by teachers, contributions to community colleges and technical colleges, qualified railroad track maintenance expenditures of short line railroads and associated rail siding owners or lessees and expanding eligibility, amount and transferability of the research and development tax credit, providing homestead property tax refunds from the income tax refund fund to certain persons based on the increase in property tax over the base year property tax amount, providing for an additional personal income tax exemption for 100% disabled veterans, establishing the salt parity act to allow pass-through entities to elect to pay state income tax at the entity level, establishing a checkoff for contributions to the Kansas historic site fund, establishing a revenue neutral rate complaint process for tax levies, authorizing the county clerk to limit the amount of ad valorem taxes to be levied in certain circumstances, establishing a deadline for budgets to be filed with the director of accounts and reports, requiring roll call votes and publication of information to exceed the revenue neutral rate, classifying certain agritourism activities and zoos as land devoted to agricultural use, classifying land devoted to agriculture that is subject to the federal grassland conservation reserve program as grassland, establishing a property tax exemption for antique utility trailers, allowing for the proration of value when certain personal property is acquired or sold prior to September 1 of any tax year, providing for the exemption of inventory and work-in-progress machinery and equipment for telecommunications machinery and equipment, increasing the extent of exemption for residential property from the statewide school levy, providing for abatement or credit of property tax for buildings and improvements destroyed or substantially destroyed by natural disaster, providing a sales tax exemption for certain fencing and for reconstructing, repairing or replacing certain fencing damaged or destroyed by a wildfire, flood, tornado or other natural disaster, excluding separately stated delivery charges from sales or selling price, removing the expiration on manufacturer cash rebates on motor vehicles, providing countywide retailers' sales tax authority for Wilson county, requiring disclosure of distribution of revenues on countywide retailers' sales tax ballot proposals, validating the election held to approve a retailers' sales tax levy by the city of Latham, extending the time period for eligibility in the loan repayment program and the income tax credit for rural opportunity zones, enacting the Gage park improvement authority act and providing for the creation of the Gage park improvement authority and an election for the imposition of a countywide sales tax sales tax within the boundaries of Shawnee county.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adjusting the frequency of the KPERS actuarial experience study, providing a moratorium on KPERS death and long-term disability employer contributions, allowing the extension of certain DROP periods and conforming certain KPERS provisions with the federal CARES act.. Description: Adjusting the frequency of the KPERS actuarial experience study, providing a moratorium on KPERS death and long-term disability employer contributions, allowing the extension of certain DROP periods and conforming certain KPERS provisions with the federal CARES act.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing requirements for the effective disposal of industrial hemp and requiring industrial hemp processors to register with the state fire marshal.. Description: Establishing requirements for the effective disposal of industrial hemp and requiring industrial hemp processors to register with the state fire marshal.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Permitting the division of vehicles to collect emergency contact information for registration purposes and permitting law enforcement agencies to use such information in the case of an emergency.. Description: Permitting the division of vehicles to collect emergency contact information for registration purposes and permitting law enforcement agencies to use such information in the case of an emergency.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of K-67 highway as the COII Trenton J Brinkman memorial highway, designating bridges on U.S. highway 54 as the Max Zimmerman memorial bridge and the Jack Taylor memorial bridge, designating a bridge on U.S. highway 77 as the PFC Loren H Larson bridge, designating a bridge on U.S. highway 166 as the Tyler A Juden memorial bridge, designating a portion of U.S. highway 69 as the Senator Dennis Wilson memorial highway, designating a portion of K-7 as the Senator Bud Burke memorial highway and designating a portion of U.S. highway 77 as the CPL Allen E Oatney and SP4 Gene A Myers memorial highway.. Description: Designating a portion of K-67 highway as the COII Trenton J Brinkman memorial highway, designating bridges on U.S. highway 54 as the Max Zimmerman memorial bridge and the Jack Taylor memorial bridge, designating a bridge on U.S. highway 77 as the PFC Loren H Larson bridge, designating a bridge on U.S. highway 166 as the Tyler A Juden memorial bridge, designating a portion of U.S. highway 69 as the Senator Dennis Wilson memorial highway, designating a portion of K-7 as the Senator Bud Burke memorial highway and designating a portion of U.S. highway 77 as the CPL Allen E Oatney and SP4 Gene A Myers memorial highway.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the modification of election laws by agreement except as approved by the legislative coordinating council.. Description: Prohibiting the modification of election laws by agreement except as approved by the legislative coordinating council.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the monetary cap on irrevocable prearranged funeral agreements to $10,000.. Description: Increasing the monetary cap on irrevocable prearranged funeral agreements to $10,000.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Modifying the distribution of the levy on fire insurance business premiums to the state fire marshal fee fund, the emergency medical services operating fund and the fire service training program fund.. Description: Modifying the distribution of the levy on fire insurance business premiums to the state fire marshal fee fund, the emergency medical services operating fund and the fire service training program fund.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate substitute for HB 2279 by committee on public health and welfare - Amending the advanced practice registered nurse authorized scope of practice to permit the prescribing of drugs without a supervising physician.. Description: Senate substitute for HB 2279 by committee on public health and welfare - Amending the advanced practice registered nurse authorized scope of practice to permit the prescribing of drugs without a supervising physician.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Exempting municipal motor grader vehicle operators from Kansas uniform commercial drivers' license act requirements.. Description: Exempting municipal motor grader vehicle operators from Kansas uniform commercial drivers' license act requirements.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Changing requirements for service of process on nonresident drivers and clarifying service of process on certain business entities.. Description: Changing requirements for service of process on nonresident drivers and clarifying service of process on certain business entities.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring retention of fingerprints by the Kansas bureau of investigation for participation in the federal rap back program; imposing restrictions on surveillance by certain employees of the Kansas department of wildlife and parks on private property; expanding the jurisdiction and powers of law enforcement officers to include situations when an activity is observed leading the officer to reasonably suspect a person is committing, has committed or is about to commit a crime and reasonably believe that a person is in imminent danger of death or bodily injury without immediate action; allowing a search warrant to be executed within 240 hours from the time of issuance; and directing the Kansas department for children and families to share certain information with investigating law enforcement agencies.. Description: Requiring retention of fingerprints by the Kansas bureau of investigation for participation in the federal rap back program; imposing restrictions on surveillance by certain employees of the Kansas department of wildlife and parks on private property; expanding the jurisdiction and powers of law enforcement officers to include situations when an activity is observed leading the officer to reasonably suspect a person is committing, has committed or is about to commit a crime and reasonably believe that a person is in imminent danger of death or bodily injury without immediate action; allowing a search warrant to be executed within 240 hours from the time of issuance; and directing the Kansas department for children and families to share certain information with investigating law enforcement agencies.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating the entities who are subject to the pipeline safety program of the state corporation commission.. Description: Updating the entities who are subject to the pipeline safety program of the state corporation commission.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2313 by Committee on Assessment and Taxation - Providing for reimbursement of property taxes for certain business shutdowns or restrictions, allowing Kansas national guard and reservist members who are in good standing to receive a property tax exemption for up to two motor vehicles, authorizing continuation of the statewide levy for schools and the exemption of a portion of residential property from such levy, authorizing appointment by the governor of a member pro tempore when a vacancy on the state board of tax appeals exists and directing post audit study of the impact of non-profit and governmental entities competing against for-profit businesses.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2313 by Committee on Assessment and Taxation - Providing for reimbursement of property taxes for certain business shutdowns or restrictions, allowing Kansas national guard and reservist members who are in good standing to receive a property tax exemption for up to two motor vehicles, authorizing continuation of the statewide levy for schools and the exemption of a portion of residential property from such levy, authorizing appointment by the governor of a member pro tempore when a vacancy on the state board of tax appeals exists and directing post audit study of the impact of non-profit and governmental entities competing against for-profit businesses.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring electric public utilities to notify cities prior to construction of urban electric transmission lines.. Description: Requiring electric public utilities to notify cities prior to construction of urban electric transmission lines.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the modification of election laws other than by legislative process, requiring county election officials to maintain residential and mailing addresses for registered voters, requiring identification of the sender on third party solicitations to registered voters to file an application for an advance voting ballot and prohibiting such solicitations by nonresidents of this state, expanding the crime of election tampering and providing for the appointment of elected officials when vacancy is due to military service.. Description: Prohibiting the modification of election laws other than by legislative process, requiring county election officials to maintain residential and mailing addresses for registered voters, requiring identification of the sender on third party solicitations to registered voters to file an application for an advance voting ballot and prohibiting such solicitations by nonresidents of this state, expanding the crime of election tampering and providing for the appointment of elected officials when vacancy is due to military service.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2361 by Committee on Judiciary - Removing the requirement that all district court judges in Douglas county serve on the board of trustees of the law library, authorizing the supreme court to adopt rules establishing specialty court programs, creating the specialty court funding advisory committee and the specialty court resources fund, authorizing courts to order defendants to participate in specialty court programs and allowing expungement of certain convictions when defendants complete the requirements of such programs.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2361 by Committee on Judiciary - Removing the requirement that all district court judges in Douglas county serve on the board of trustees of the law library, authorizing the supreme court to adopt rules establishing specialty court programs, creating the specialty court funding advisory committee and the specialty court resources fund, authorizing courts to order defendants to participate in specialty court programs and allowing expungement of certain convictions when defendants complete the requirements of such programs.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the state corporation commission to regulate certain transmission line wire stringing activities.. Description: Authorizing the state corporation commission to regulate certain transmission line wire stringing activities.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Revising laws relating to operating an aircraft under the influence, including prescribing criminal and administrative penalties and providing for testing of blood, breath, urine or other bodily substances, and preliminary screening tests of breath or oral fluid; authorizing reinstatement of a driver's license for certain persons with an ignition interlock device restriction; requiring persons with an ignition interlock device restriction to complete the ignition interlock device program before driving privileges are fully reinstated; providing for reduced ignition interlock device program costs for certain persons; providing that the highway patrol has oversight of state certification of ignition interlock manufacturers and their service providers; modifying the criminal penalties for driving a commercial motor vehicle under the influence and driving under the influence; increasing the period of disqualification for certain offenses committed by a person with commercial driving privileges; and prohibiting prosecuting attorneys from concealing certain traffic violations from the CDLIS driver report.. Description: Revising laws relating to operating an aircraft under the influence, including prescribing criminal and administrative penalties and providing for testing of blood, breath, urine or other bodily substances, and preliminary screening tests of breath or oral fluid; authorizing reinstatement of a driver's license for certain persons with an ignition interlock device restriction; requiring persons with an ignition interlock device restriction to complete the ignition interlock device program before driving privileges are fully reinstated; providing for reduced ignition interlock device program costs for certain persons; providing that the highway patrol has oversight of state certification of ignition interlock manufacturers and their service providers; modifying the criminal penalties for driving a commercial motor vehicle under the influence and driving under the influence; increasing the period of disqualification for certain offenses committed by a person with commercial driving privileges; and prohibiting prosecuting attorneys from concealing certain traffic violations from the CDLIS driver report.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the peer-to-peer vehicle sharing act to provide insurance, liability, recordkeeping and consumer protection requirements for peer-to-peer vehicle sharing.. Description: Enacting the peer-to-peer vehicle sharing act to provide insurance, liability, recordkeeping and consumer protection requirements for peer-to-peer vehicle sharing.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing requirements for the payment and reimbursement of dental services by a dental benefit plan.. Description: Establishing requirements for the payment and reimbursement of dental services by a dental benefit plan.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prohibiting the issuance of a request for proposal or entering into a new contract for the administration and provision of benefits under the medical assistance program and removing the authority of the governor to prohibit attending or conducting certain religious services and worship services.. Description: Prohibiting the issuance of a request for proposal or entering into a new contract for the administration and provision of benefits under the medical assistance program and removing the authority of the governor to prohibit attending or conducting certain religious services and worship services.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Making permanent certain exceptions to the disclosure of public records under the open records act, creating exemptions in the open records act for cyber security assessments, plans and vulnerabilities, prohibiting the filing of certain liens or claims against real or personal property and providing for criminal penalties and authorizing local correctional or detention officers and administrative hearing officers to have identifying information restricted from public access on public websites that identify home addresses or home ownership.. Description: Making permanent certain exceptions to the disclosure of public records under the open records act, creating exemptions in the open records act for cyber security assessments, plans and vulnerabilities, prohibiting the filing of certain liens or claims against real or personal property and providing for criminal penalties and authorizing local correctional or detention officers and administrative hearing officers to have identifying information restricted from public access on public websites that identify home addresses or home ownership.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Changing the secretary of state's business filings provisions, including instituting biennial business report filings, authorizing the secretary of state to contract with private entities for printing and binding services, changing publication and price requirements for publications of the secretary of state and repealing certain obsolete statutes including blanket music license filing provisions.. Description: Changing the secretary of state's business filings provisions, including instituting biennial business report filings, authorizing the secretary of state to contract with private entities for printing and binding services, changing publication and price requirements for publications of the secretary of state and repealing certain obsolete statutes including blanket music license filing provisions.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for Substitute for HB 2397 by Committee on Ways and Means - Reconciling conflicting amendments to certain statutes.. Description: Senate Substitute for Substitute for HB 2397 by Committee on Ways and Means - Reconciling conflicting amendments to certain statutes.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the secretary of corrections to enter agreements for public-private partnerships for projects for new or renovated buildings at correctional institutions for education, skills-building and spiritual needs programs; establishing a nonprofit corporation to receive gifts, donations, grants and other moneys and engage in fundraising projects for funding such projects for education, skills-building and spiritual needs programs.. Description: Authorizing the secretary of corrections to enter agreements for public-private partnerships for projects for new or renovated buildings at correctional institutions for education, skills-building and spiritual needs programs; establishing a nonprofit corporation to receive gifts, donations, grants and other moneys and engage in fundraising projects for funding such projects for education, skills-building and spiritual needs programs.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the issuance of $500,000,000 of pension obligation bonds to finance a portion of the unfunded actuarial liability of KPERS.. Description: Authorizing the issuance of $500,000,000 of pension obligation bonds to finance a portion of the unfunded actuarial liability of KPERS.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the state historical society to convey certain real property to the Iowa Tribe of Kansas and Nebraska.. Description: Authorizing the state historical society to convey certain real property to the Iowa Tribe of Kansas and Nebraska.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2448 by Committee on Public Health and Welfare - Requiring able-bodied adults without dependents to complete an employment and training program in order to receive food assistance.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2448 by Committee on Public Health and Welfare - Requiring able-bodied adults without dependents to complete an employment and training program in order to receive food assistance.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2458 by Committee on Transportation - Limiting the liability of optometrists and ophthalmologists who report information to the division of vehicles relating to a person's vision.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2458 by Committee on Transportation - Limiting the liability of optometrists and ophthalmologists who report information to the division of vehicles relating to a person's vision.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Removing the standing committee membership requirements for members of the joint committee on state-tribal relations.. Description: Removing the standing committee membership requirements for members of the joint committee on state-tribal relations.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for HB 2466 by Committee on Education - Establishing the promoting advancement in computing knowledge act to increase the availability of computer science education in Kansas schools and the career technical education credentialing and student transitioning to employment success pilot program; also exempting national assessment providers from the student online personal protection act.. Description: Substitute for HB 2466 by Committee on Education - Establishing the promoting advancement in computing knowledge act to increase the availability of computer science education in Kansas schools and the career technical education credentialing and student transitioning to employment success pilot program; also exempting national assessment providers from the student online personal protection act.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the silver star medal, bronze star medal, city of Hutchinson and daughters of the American revolution distinctive license plates and four distinctive license plates for the Kansas department of wildlife and parks; authorizing the printing of the international symbol of access for disabled veteran distinctive license plates and parking privileges for certain physically disabled veterans; allowing veteran distinctive license plate applicants to provide a DD214 form, DD form 2 (Retired) or a Kansas veteran driver's license as proof of veteran status.. Description: Providing for the silver star medal, bronze star medal, city of Hutchinson and daughters of the American revolution distinctive license plates and four distinctive license plates for the Kansas department of wildlife and parks; authorizing the printing of the international symbol of access for disabled veteran distinctive license plates and parking privileges for certain physically disabled veterans; allowing veteran distinctive license plate applicants to provide a DD214 form, DD form 2 (Retired) or a Kansas veteran driver's license as proof of veteran status.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Renewing certain provisions of law authorizing expanded practice by certain healthcare professionals and suspending certain licensure and other requirements for adult care homes.. Description: Renewing certain provisions of law authorizing expanded practice by certain healthcare professionals and suspending certain licensure and other requirements for adult care homes.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of United States highway 166 as the SGT Evan S Parker memorial highway, a portion of U.S. highway 56 as the PFC Shane Austin memorial highway, a portion of United States highway 69 as the Senator Tom R Van Sickle memorial highway, a certain bridge on K-126 as the Dennis Crain memorial bridge, a portion of United States highway 69 as the AMM2c Walter Scott Brown memorial highway and bridges on K-66 highway as veterans memorial bridge.. Description: Designating a portion of United States highway 166 as the SGT Evan S Parker memorial highway, a portion of U.S. highway 56 as the PFC Shane Austin memorial highway, a portion of United States highway 69 as the Senator Tom R Van Sickle memorial highway, a certain bridge on K-126 as the Dennis Crain memorial bridge, a portion of United States highway 69 as the AMM2c Walter Scott Brown memorial highway and bridges on K-66 highway as veterans memorial bridge.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing KP&F participating service credit purchase for certain in-state nonfederal governmental employment.. Description: Authorizing KP&F participating service credit purchase for certain in-state nonfederal governmental employment.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending provisions of the technology-enabled fiduciary financial institutions act relating to out-of-state financial institutions, banks and trust companies conducting fidfin transactions, fees and assessments, examinations, disclosures to consumers and requiring such institutions to be mandatory reporters for purposes of elder abuse.. Description: Amending provisions of the technology-enabled fiduciary financial institutions act relating to out-of-state financial institutions, banks and trust companies conducting fidfin transactions, fees and assessments, examinations, disclosures to consumers and requiring such institutions to be mandatory reporters for purposes of elder abuse.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the state treasurer to determine account owners and designated beneficiaries for an ABLE savings account, adding who may open such an account and requiring compliance with the federal internal revenue code.. Description: Authorizing the state treasurer to determine account owners and designated beneficiaries for an ABLE savings account, adding who may open such an account and requiring compliance with the federal internal revenue code.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2492 by Committee on Ways and Means - Reconciling multiple amendments to certain statutes.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2492 by Committee on Ways and Means - Reconciling multiple amendments to certain statutes.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2495 by Committee on Judiciary - Requiring retention of fingerprints by the Kansas bureau of investigation for participation in the federal rap back program; imposing restrictions on surveillance by certain employees of the Kansas department of wildlife and parks on private property; expanding the jurisdiction and powers of law enforcement officers to include situations when an activity is observed leading the officer to reasonably suspect a person is committing, has committed or is about to commit a crime and reasonably believe that a person is in imminent danger of death or bodily injury without immediate action; allowing a search warrant to be executed within 240 hours from the time of issuance; and directing the Kansas department for children and families to share certain information with investigating law enforcement agencies.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2495 by Committee on Judiciary - Requiring retention of fingerprints by the Kansas bureau of investigation for participation in the federal rap back program; imposing restrictions on surveillance by certain employees of the Kansas department of wildlife and parks on private property; expanding the jurisdiction and powers of law enforcement officers to include situations when an activity is observed leading the officer to reasonably suspect a person is committing, has committed or is about to commit a crime and reasonably believe that a person is in imminent danger of death or bodily injury without immediate action; allowing a search warrant to be executed within 240 hours from the time of issuance; and directing the Kansas department for children and families to share certain information with investigating law enforcement agencies.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Modifying the definition of possession in the Kansas criminal code, modifying the elements of and making changes to the criminal penalties of abuse of a child, requiring a forfeiture of an appearance bond to be set aside in certain circumstances, permitting testimony to be presented using a two-way electronic audio-video communication device during a preliminary hearing, making changes to the process for evaluating and treating people who are undergoing evaluation for competency to stand trial and allowing mobile competency evaluations.. Description: Modifying the definition of possession in the Kansas criminal code, modifying the elements of and making changes to the criminal penalties of abuse of a child, requiring a forfeiture of an appearance bond to be set aside in certain circumstances, permitting testimony to be presented using a two-way electronic audio-video communication device during a preliminary hearing, making changes to the process for evaluating and treating people who are undergoing evaluation for competency to stand trial and allowing mobile competency evaluations.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Appropriations for FY 2022, FY 2023, and FY 2024, for various state agencies; 2022 omnibus bill; authorizing certain transfers and capital improvement projects.. Description: Appropriations for FY 2022, FY 2023, and FY 2024, for various state agencies; 2022 omnibus bill; authorizing certain transfers and capital improvement projects.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring the insurance department to hold a hearing in cases involving an order under the Kansas administrative procedure act.. Description: Requiring the insurance department to hold a hearing in cases involving an order under the Kansas administrative procedure act.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating schedules I, II, IV and V of the uniform controlled substances act and excluding FDA-approved drug products from the definition of marijuana.. Description: Updating schedules I, II, IV and V of the uniform controlled substances act and excluding FDA-approved drug products from the definition of marijuana.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Crediting docket fees to the state general fund instead of the judicial branch docket fee fund; crediting marriage license fees and drivers' license reinstatement fees to the state general fund instead of the judicial branch nonjudicial salary adjustment fund.. Description: Crediting docket fees to the state general fund instead of the judicial branch docket fee fund; crediting marriage license fees and drivers' license reinstatement fees to the state general fund instead of the judicial branch nonjudicial salary adjustment fund.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing technology-enabled fiduciary financial institution insurance companies within the captive insurance act and providing for the requirements and operations thereof.. Description: Authorizing technology-enabled fiduciary financial institution insurance companies within the captive insurance act and providing for the requirements and operations thereof.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the Kansas cotton boll weevil program and requiring the program to levy an assessment upon Kansas produced cotton and monitor and mitigate the risk of boll weevils; concerning the Kansas seed law and the commercial industrial hemp act; relating to labeling; seeds treated with certain substances; definitions; labeling; unlawful actions; certain registrations; inspections; live plant dealers; and testing services.. Description: Creating the Kansas cotton boll weevil program and requiring the program to levy an assessment upon Kansas produced cotton and monitor and mitigate the risk of boll weevils; concerning the Kansas seed law and the commercial industrial hemp act; relating to labeling; seeds treated with certain substances; definitions; labeling; unlawful actions; certain registrations; inspections; live plant dealers; and testing services.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending certain penalties, fees and maximum amounts of fees and the expiration dates of certain programs of the Kansas department of agriculture.. Description: Extending certain penalties, fees and maximum amounts of fees and the expiration dates of certain programs of the Kansas department of agriculture.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating the version of risk-based capital instructions in effect.. Description: Updating the version of risk-based capital instructions in effect.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2567 by Committee on Ways and Means - Making appropriations for the Kansas state department of education for FY 22, FY 23 and FY 24; enacting the every child can read act; authorizing course credits to be earned outside the classroom; making members of the Kansas state high school activities association mandatory reporters of child abuse and neglect; requiring school districts to consider certain assessments when budgeting for the following school year; authorizing part-time school district enrollment; establishing open enrollment requirements for school districts; amending the initial age of eligibility for the tax credit for low income students scholarship program; making changes to the virtual school act and authorizing additional virtual school state aid; removing federal impact aid from the determination of local foundation aid; amending the capital improvement state aid formula; requiring the state department of education to report on student achievement outcomes; amending the Kansas promise scholarship act; establishing requirements for certain nonacademic surveys and questionnaires; increasing educational benefits for relatives of deceased, injured or disabled public safety officers, military personnel and prisoners of war; and authorizing additional education programs under the Jonson county education research triangle authority act.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2567 by Committee on Ways and Means - Making appropriations for the Kansas state department of education for FY 22, FY 23 and FY 24; enacting the every child can read act; authorizing course credits to be earned outside the classroom; making members of the Kansas state high school activities association mandatory reporters of child abuse and neglect; requiring school districts to consider certain assessments when budgeting for the following school year; authorizing part-time school district enrollment; establishing open enrollment requirements for school districts; amending the initial age of eligibility for the tax credit for low income students scholarship program; making changes to the virtual school act and authorizing additional virtual school state aid; removing federal impact aid from the determination of local foundation aid; amending the capital improvement state aid formula; requiring the state department of education to report on student achievement outcomes; amending the Kansas promise scholarship act; establishing requirements for certain nonacademic surveys and questionnaires; increasing educational benefits for relatives of deceased, injured or disabled public safety officers, military personnel and prisoners of war; and authorizing additional education programs under the Jonson county education research triangle authority act.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the Kansas mortgage business act by providing for mortgage business work at remote locations, license and registration renewal or reinstatement procedures, surety bond requirements and evidence of solvency and net worth and requiring notice when adding or closing branch offices.. Description: Amending the Kansas mortgage business act by providing for mortgage business work at remote locations, license and registration renewal or reinstatement procedures, surety bond requirements and evidence of solvency and net worth and requiring notice when adding or closing branch offices.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing a time limitation for awarding compensation for mental health counseling and increasing certain compensation award amounts by the crime victims compensation board.. Description: Establishing a time limitation for awarding compensation for mental health counseling and increasing certain compensation award amounts by the crime victims compensation board.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Repealing the state general fund and conservation fee fund transfers to the abandoned oil and gas well fund.. Description: Repealing the state general fund and conservation fee fund transfers to the abandoned oil and gas well fund.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Exempting certain modifications on antique vehicles from vehicle identification number offense seizures and dispositions.. Description: Exempting certain modifications on antique vehicles from vehicle identification number offense seizures and dispositions.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Making certain antique vehicle titling procedures applicable to vehicles having a model year 60 years old or older.. Description: Making certain antique vehicle titling procedures applicable to vehicles having a model year 60 years old or older.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the rural population requirement maximum for the veterinary training program for rural Kansas and creating a food animal percentage requirement that may be fulfilled in lieu thereof.. Description: Increasing the rural population requirement maximum for the veterinary training program for rural Kansas and creating a food animal percentage requirement that may be fulfilled in lieu thereof.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Clarifying the time limitations for habeas corpus claims, requiring earlier notice of anticipated release from custody of a person who may be a sexually violent predator to the attorney general and a multidisciplinary team and specifying where such person will be detained during civil commitment proceedings.. Description: Clarifying the time limitations for habeas corpus claims, requiring earlier notice of anticipated release from custody of a person who may be a sexually violent predator to the attorney general and a multidisciplinary team and specifying where such person will be detained during civil commitment proceedings.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Removing provisions authorizing criminal restitution to be enforced as a civil judgment and authorizing judicial districts to contract for collection services for criminal restitution.. Description: Removing provisions authorizing criminal restitution to be enforced as a civil judgment and authorizing judicial districts to contract for collection services for criminal restitution.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating the Sandhill plum as the official state fruit.. Description: Designating the Sandhill plum as the official state fruit.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Changing law relating to employment including employment security law provisions regarding the employment security fund status and employer contribution rates and the definition of employment to conform with federal law, making revisions to the department of labor’s my reemployment plan program and enacting the Kansas targeted employment act to facilitate employment of persons with developmental disabilities through a tax credit incentive for employers.. Description: Changing law relating to employment including employment security law provisions regarding the employment security fund status and employer contribution rates and the definition of employment to conform with federal law, making revisions to the department of labor’s my reemployment plan program and enacting the Kansas targeted employment act to facilitate employment of persons with developmental disabilities through a tax credit incentive for employers.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prohibiting any municipality from preventing the enforcement of federal immigration laws, requiring municipal law enforcement agencies to provide written notice to each law enforcement officer of the officer's duty to cooperate with state and federal agencies in the enforcement of immigration laws and requiring any municipal identification card to state on its face that it is not valid for state identification.. Description: Prohibiting any municipality from preventing the enforcement of federal immigration laws, requiring municipal law enforcement agencies to provide written notice to each law enforcement officer of the officer's duty to cooperate with state and federal agencies in the enforcement of immigration laws and requiring any municipal identification card to state on its face that it is not valid for state identification.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing consumption of beer, wine or other alcoholic liquor on the Kansas state fairgrounds; increasing the number of temporary permits an applicant may receive from four to 12 permits per year; limiting what cities, counties or townships may charge for a temporary permit to not more than $25 per day; crediting a portion of moneys collected from the liquor drink tax and the liquor enforcement tax to the state fair capital improvements fund; requiring that licensed farm wineries be issued a cereal malt beverage retailer license if the statutory requirements for such retailer license are satisfied; authorizing retail liquor stores to sell and deliver alcoholic liquor and cereal malt beverages to a caterer, public venue, club or drinking establishment located in any adjacent county any county with a comer located within two miles measured along the adjacent county boundary; Increasing the percentage of alcohol by volume allowed to not more than 16% for domestic table wine and the domestic fortified wine threshold to more than 16% alcohol by volume.. Description: Allowing consumption of beer, wine or other alcoholic liquor on the Kansas state fairgrounds; increasing the number of temporary permits an applicant may receive from four to 12 permits per year; limiting what cities, counties or townships may charge for a temporary permit to not more than $25 per day; crediting a portion of moneys collected from the liquor drink tax and the liquor enforcement tax to the state fair capital improvements fund; requiring that licensed farm wineries be issued a cereal malt beverage retailer license if the statutory requirements for such retailer license are satisfied; authorizing retail liquor stores to sell and deliver alcoholic liquor and cereal malt beverages to a caterer, public venue, club or drinking establishment located in any adjacent county any county with a comer located within two miles measured along the adjacent county boundary; Increasing the percentage of alcohol by volume allowed to not more than 16% for domestic table wine and the domestic fortified wine threshold to more than 16% alcohol by volume.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2021 session.. Description: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2021 session.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing court services and community corrections officers to issue an identification certificate for use to obtain a replacement driver's license; increasing the criminal penalties for riot and incitement to riot in a correctional facility; modifying the criminal penalties for tampering with electronic monitoring equipment; clarifying supervision of offenders participating in the certified drug abuse treatment program; and authorizing the sentencing commission to determine risk levels for participation in the certified drug abuse treatment program.. Description: Authorizing court services and community corrections officers to issue an identification certificate for use to obtain a replacement driver's license; increasing the criminal penalties for riot and incitement to riot in a correctional facility; modifying the criminal penalties for tampering with electronic monitoring equipment; clarifying supervision of offenders participating in the certified drug abuse treatment program; and authorizing the sentencing commission to determine risk levels for participation in the certified drug abuse treatment program.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing notice and public hearing requirements prior to approval by a governing body to exceed its revenue neutral rate for property tax purposes and discontinuing the city and county tax lid, prohibiting valuation increase of real property solely as the result of normal repair, replacement or maintenance of existing structure, establishing a payment plan for the payment of delinquent or nondelinquent property taxes and establishing the taxpayer notification costs fund.. Description: Establishing notice and public hearing requirements prior to approval by a governing body to exceed its revenue neutral rate for property tax purposes and discontinuing the city and county tax lid, prohibiting valuation increase of real property solely as the result of normal repair, replacement or maintenance of existing structure, establishing a payment plan for the payment of delinquent or nondelinquent property taxes and establishing the taxpayer notification costs fund.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending certain provisions of the governmental response to the COVID-19 pandemic in Kansas and providing certain relief related to health, welfare, property and economic security during this public health emergency.. Description: Extending certain provisions of the governmental response to the COVID-19 pandemic in Kansas and providing certain relief related to health, welfare, property and economic security during this public health emergency.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the Kansas economic recovery loan deposit program, updating field of membership requirements of credit unions and allowing privilege tax deductions on agricultural real estate loans and single family residence loans.. Description: Enacting the Kansas economic recovery loan deposit program, updating field of membership requirements of credit unions and allowing privilege tax deductions on agricultural real estate loans and single family residence loans.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Removing the requirement that certain entities submit certain reports to the division of post audit.. Description: Removing the requirement that certain entities submit certain reports to the division of post audit.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 19 by Committee on Energy, Utilities and Telecommunications - Implementing the 988 suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline in Kansas.. Description: House Substitute for SB 19 by Committee on Energy, Utilities and Telecommunications - Implementing the 988 suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline in Kansas.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Approving election for sales tax authority for Cherokee county.. Description: Approving election for sales tax authority for Cherokee county.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prohibiting municipalities from imposing restrictions on customer's use of energy based upon source of energy.. Description: Prohibiting municipalities from imposing restrictions on customer's use of energy based upon source of energy.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 26 by Committee on Transportation - Updating motor carrier laws and the regulation of motor carriers by the state corporation commission.. Description: House Substitute for SB 26 by Committee on Transportation - Updating motor carrier laws and the regulation of motor carriers by the state corporation commission.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the Kansas storage tank act to extend the sunsets of certain funds and to increase certain liability and reimbursement amounts.. Description: Amending the Kansas storage tank act to extend the sunsets of certain funds and to increase certain liability and reimbursement amounts.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 28 by Committee on Insurance and Pensions - Enacting the pharmacy benefits manager licensure act and requiring licensure rather than registration of such entities.. Description: House Substitute for SB 28 by Committee on Insurance and Pensions - Enacting the pharmacy benefits manager licensure act and requiring licensure rather than registration of such entities.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for display show licenses under the vehicle dealers and manufacturers licensing act.. Description: Providing for display show licenses under the vehicle dealers and manufacturers licensing act.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Assigning seats in the Senate for the 2021 session.. Description: Assigning seats in the Senate for the 2021 session.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring the Kansas highway patrol to make multiple vehicle checks within a set time period for certain salvage vehicle pools and allowing salvage vehicle pools and dealers to apply for ownership documents for vehicles that are disclaimed by insurance companies, prohibiting the towing vehicles outside the state of Kansas without prior consent, requiring an interstate search of registered owners and lienholders prior to sale of vehicles less than 15 years old and requiring publication in the newspaper seven days prior to sale of vehicles and property at auction.. Description: Requiring the Kansas highway patrol to make multiple vehicle checks within a set time period for certain salvage vehicle pools and allowing salvage vehicle pools and dealers to apply for ownership documents for vehicles that are disclaimed by insurance companies, prohibiting the towing vehicles outside the state of Kansas without prior consent, requiring an interstate search of registered owners and lienholders prior to sale of vehicles less than 15 years old and requiring publication in the newspaper seven days prior to sale of vehicles and property at auction.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating producer licensing statutes pertaining to appointment, examinations, fees, licensing, renewal dates, continuing education, suspension, revocation and denial of licensure and reinstatement.. Description: Updating producer licensing statutes pertaining to appointment, examinations, fees, licensing, renewal dates, continuing education, suspension, revocation and denial of licensure and reinstatement.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the Kansas pesticide waste disposal program and implementing the provisions of 2011 executive reorganization order No. 40 relating to the Kansas department of agriculture's division of conservation.. Description: Establishing the Kansas pesticide waste disposal program and implementing the provisions of 2011 executive reorganization order No. 40 relating to the Kansas department of agriculture's division of conservation.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Changing Kansas department of agriculture division of animal health license, permit and registration renewal deadlines and allowing the animal health commissioner to recover the actual cost of official calfhood vaccination tags.. Description: Changing Kansas department of agriculture division of animal health license, permit and registration renewal deadlines and allowing the animal health commissioner to recover the actual cost of official calfhood vaccination tags.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Prescribing powers, duties and functions of the board of education of each school district, the governing body of each community college and the governing body of each technical college related to the COVID-19 health emergency, adding the vice president of the senate to the legislative coordinating council, modifying the procedure for the declaration and extension of a state of disaster emergency under the Kansas emergency management act, prohibiting certain actions by the governor related to the COVID-19 health emergency and revoking all executive orders related to such emergency on March 31, 2021, establishing judicial review for certain executive orders issued during a state of disaster emergency and certain actions taken by a local unit of government during a state of local disaster emergency, authorizing the legislature or the legislative coordinating council to revoke certain orders issued by the secretary of health and environment and limiting powers granted to local health officers related to certain orders.. Description: Prescribing powers, duties and functions of the board of education of each school district, the governing body of each community college and the governing body of each technical college related to the COVID-19 health emergency, adding the vice president of the senate to the legislative coordinating council, modifying the procedure for the declaration and extension of a state of disaster emergency under the Kansas emergency management act, prohibiting certain actions by the governor related to the COVID-19 health emergency and revoking all executive orders related to such emergency on March 31, 2021, establishing judicial review for certain executive orders issued during a state of disaster emergency and certain actions taken by a local unit of government during a state of local disaster emergency, authorizing the legislature or the legislative coordinating council to revoke certain orders issued by the secretary of health and environment and limiting powers granted to local health officers related to certain orders.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the Kansas taxpayer protection act requiring the signature and tax identification number of paid tax return preparers on income tax returns and authorizing actions to enjoin paid tax return preparers from engaging in certain conduct, exempting compensation attributable as a result of identity fraud, extending the dates when corporate returns are required to be filed, providing conformity with the federal return due date for returns other than corporate returns, providing a temporary withholding option for certain teleworking employees, establishing the Eisenhower foundation contribution credit and the friends of cedar crest association contribution credit, extending the time period and expanding eligibility for the single city port authority credit, extending the time period for eligibility in the loan repayment program and income tax credit related to rural opportunity zones and defining rural opportunity zone on the basis of population.. Description: Enacting the Kansas taxpayer protection act requiring the signature and tax identification number of paid tax return preparers on income tax returns and authorizing actions to enjoin paid tax return preparers from engaging in certain conduct, exempting compensation attributable as a result of identity fraud, extending the dates when corporate returns are required to be filed, providing conformity with the federal return due date for returns other than corporate returns, providing a temporary withholding option for certain teleworking employees, establishing the Eisenhower foundation contribution credit and the friends of cedar crest association contribution credit, extending the time period and expanding eligibility for the single city port authority credit, extending the time period for eligibility in the loan repayment program and income tax credit related to rural opportunity zones and defining rural opportunity zone on the basis of population.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring marketplace facilitators to collect and remit sales, compensating use and transient guest taxes and prepaid wireless 911 fees, removing clickthrough nexus provisions, providing for addition and subtraction modifications for the treatment of global intangible low-taxed income, business interest, capital contributions, FDIC premiums and business meals, expanding the expense deduction for income taxpayers and calculating the deduction amount, providing the ability to elect to itemize for individuals, providing an exemption of unemployment compensation income attributable as a result of identity fraud, removing the line for reporting compensating use tax from individual tax returns, extending the dates when corporate tax returns are required to be filed, increasing the Kansas standard deduction and providing for an extension of the corporate net operating loss carryforward period.. Description: Requiring marketplace facilitators to collect and remit sales, compensating use and transient guest taxes and prepaid wireless 911 fees, removing clickthrough nexus provisions, providing for addition and subtraction modifications for the treatment of global intangible low-taxed income, business interest, capital contributions, FDIC premiums and business meals, expanding the expense deduction for income taxpayers and calculating the deduction amount, providing the ability to elect to itemize for individuals, providing an exemption of unemployment compensation income attributable as a result of identity fraud, removing the line for reporting compensating use tax from individual tax returns, extending the dates when corporate tax returns are required to be filed, increasing the Kansas standard deduction and providing for an extension of the corporate net operating loss carryforward period.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the Sedgwick county urban area nuisance abatement act.. Description: Creating the Sedgwick county urban area nuisance abatement act.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Requiring posting of a human trafficking awareness notice approved by the attorney general in certain businesses and public places.. Description: Requiring posting of a human trafficking awareness notice approved by the attorney general in certain businesses and public places.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the crime of sexual extortion and requiring an offender to register under the Kansas offender registration act, prohibiting a court from requiring psychiatric or psychological examinations of an alleged victim of any crime, increasing criminal penalties for fleeing or attempting to elude a police officer when operating a stolen vehicle, committing certain driving violations or causing a collision involving another driver, defining proximate result for purposes of determining when a crime is committed partly within this state, removing the spousal exception from the crime of sexual battery and making fleeing or attempting to elude a police officer evidence of intent to commit theft of a vehicle.. Description: Creating the crime of sexual extortion and requiring an offender to register under the Kansas offender registration act, prohibiting a court from requiring psychiatric or psychological examinations of an alleged victim of any crime, increasing criminal penalties for fleeing or attempting to elude a police officer when operating a stolen vehicle, committing certain driving violations or causing a collision involving another driver, defining proximate result for purposes of determining when a crime is committed partly within this state, removing the spousal exception from the crime of sexual battery and making fleeing or attempting to elude a police officer evidence of intent to commit theft of a vehicle.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the standards for school-administered vision screenings for students, establishing the Kansas children's vision health and school readiness commission and relating to the powers and duties of the Kansas commission for the deaf and hard of hearing with regard to registration of interpreters, communication access services guidelines and adoption of rules and regulations.. Description: Amending the standards for school-administered vision screenings for students, establishing the Kansas children's vision health and school readiness commission and relating to the powers and duties of the Kansas commission for the deaf and hard of hearing with regard to registration of interpreters, communication access services guidelines and adoption of rules and regulations.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 63 by Committee on K-12 Education Budget - Enacting the back to school act to require school districts to provide a full-time, in person attendance option for all students beginning March 31, 2021, for school year 2020-2021.. Description: House Substitute for SB 63 by Committee on K-12 Education Budget - Enacting the back to school act to require school districts to provide a full-time, in person attendance option for all students beginning March 31, 2021, for school year 2020-2021.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the private and out-of-state postsecondary educational institution act to clarify the state board of regents' authority and provide additional student protections and institutional accountability.. Description: Amending the private and out-of-state postsecondary educational institution act to clarify the state board of regents' authority and provide additional student protections and institutional accountability.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enhancing the high performance incentive program by decoupling the KIT and KIR workforce training programs and by providing for the transferability of the tax credit.. Description: Enhancing the high performance incentive program by decoupling the KIT and KIR workforce training programs and by providing for the transferability of the tax credit.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the angel investor tax credit with respect to the definition of qualified securities, tax credit limitations and amounts, investor requirements and extending the date that credits may be allowed, and also amending the tax credit for expenses incurred to make a residence accessible to persons with a disability by increasing the credit.. Description: Amending the angel investor tax credit with respect to the definition of qualified securities, tax credit limitations and amounts, investor requirements and extending the date that credits may be allowed, and also amending the tax credit for expenses incurred to make a residence accessible to persons with a disability by increasing the credit.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Permitting funeral escorts to direct traffic for funeral processions and requiring drivers to yield the right-of-way and move over for authorized utility or telecommunication vehicles.. Description: Permitting funeral escorts to direct traffic for funeral processions and requiring drivers to yield the right-of-way and move over for authorized utility or telecommunication vehicles.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 69 by Committee on Transportation - Providing for the love, Chloe foundation distinctive license plate and establishing a fee on firefighter distinctive license plates.. Description: House Substitute for SB 69 by Committee on Transportation - Providing for the love, Chloe foundation distinctive license plate and establishing a fee on firefighter distinctive license plates.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the audiology and speech-language pathology interstate compact.. Description: Enacting the audiology and speech-language pathology interstate compact.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the Kansas rural housing incentive district act to permit bond funding for vertical residential renovation of older buildings in central business districts and by changing the definitions of an eligible city or county.. Description: Amending the Kansas rural housing incentive district act to permit bond funding for vertical residential renovation of older buildings in central business districts and by changing the definitions of an eligible city or county.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the revised uniform law on notarial acts and repealing the uniform law on notarial acts.. Description: Enacting the revised uniform law on notarial acts and repealing the uniform law on notarial acts.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the uniform fiduciary income and principal act (UFIPA).. Description: Enacting the uniform fiduciary income and principal act (UFIPA).
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 78 by Committee on Insurance and Pensions - Updating the national insurance commissioners credit for insurance reinsurance model law, codifying the national insurance commissioners credit for reinsurance model regulation and updating certain terms and definitions relating to the insurance holding company act, service contracts and surplus lines insurance. Eliminating certain requirements relating to the annual submittal of certain documents by out-of-state risk retention groups, extending the time frame to submit certain documents by professional employer organizations, abolishing the utilization review advisory committee and replacing it with URAC.. Description: House Substitute for SB 78 by Committee on Insurance and Pensions - Updating the national insurance commissioners credit for insurance reinsurance model law, codifying the national insurance commissioners credit for reinsurance model regulation and updating certain terms and definitions relating to the insurance holding company act, service contracts and surplus lines insurance. Eliminating certain requirements relating to the annual submittal of certain documents by out-of-state risk retention groups, extending the time frame to submit certain documents by professional employer organizations, abolishing the utilization review advisory committee and replacing it with URAC.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for Substitute for SB 84 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Authorizing sports wagering under the Kansas expanded lottery act and historical horse race machines under the Kansas parimutuel racing act.. Description: House Substitute for Substitute for SB 84 by Committee on Federal and State Affairs - Authorizing sports wagering under the Kansas expanded lottery act and historical horse race machines under the Kansas parimutuel racing act.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the Kansas extraordinary utility costs loan deposit program and the Kansas economic recovery loan deposit program and amending the city utility low-interest loan program by providing for electronic repayment of loans, cash basis exception, payment frequency, loan security and an ending date for making loans.. Description: Establishing the Kansas extraordinary utility costs loan deposit program and the Kansas economic recovery loan deposit program and amending the city utility low-interest loan program by providing for electronic repayment of loans, cash basis exception, payment frequency, loan security and an ending date for making loans.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 88 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Rural Development - Establishing the city utility low-interest loan program, allowing cities to apply to the state treasurer for loans from state unencumbered funds for extraordinary electric or natural gas costs incurred during the extreme winter weather event of February 2021.. Description: House Substitute for SB 88 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Rural Development - Establishing the city utility low-interest loan program, allowing cities to apply to the state treasurer for loans from state unencumbered funds for extraordinary electric or natural gas costs incurred during the extreme winter weather event of February 2021.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Exempting the transport of agricultural forage commodities from secured load requirements.. Description: Exempting the transport of agricultural forage commodities from secured load requirements.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 91 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Providing liability protection for businesses, municipalities and educational institutions that participate in high school work-based learning programs and providing that schools are responsible for injuries to students participating in such programs.. Description: House Substitute for SB 91 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Providing liability protection for businesses, municipalities and educational institutions that participate in high school work-based learning programs and providing that schools are responsible for injuries to students participating in such programs.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Exempting motor vehicle odometer reading recording requirements when such recording requirements are exempted by federal law and expanding the definitions of all-terrain vehicles and recreational off-highway vehicles.. Description: Exempting motor vehicle odometer reading recording requirements when such recording requirements are exempted by federal law and expanding the definitions of all-terrain vehicles and recreational off-highway vehicles.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 99 by Committee on Transportation - Increasing the bond amount required for a vehicle dealer license and providing for display show licenses under the vehicle dealers and manufacturers licensing act.. Description: House Substitute for SB 99 by Committee on Transportation - Increasing the bond amount required for a vehicle dealer license and providing for display show licenses under the vehicle dealers and manufacturers licensing act.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 101 by Committee on Transportation - Approving the operation and use of electric-assisted bicycles and regulating the use thereof.. Description: House Substitute for SB 101 by Committee on Transportation - Approving the operation and use of electric-assisted bicycles and regulating the use thereof.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Requiring earlier notice of anticipated release from custody of a person who may be a sexually violent predator to the attorney general and a multidisciplinary team and specifying where such person will be detained during civil commitment proceedings.. Description: Requiring earlier notice of anticipated release from custody of a person who may be a sexually violent predator to the attorney general and a multidisciplinary team and specifying where such person will be detained during civil commitment proceedings.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the Kansas power of attorney act regarding the form of a power of attorney and the duties of third parties relying and acting on a power of attorney.. Description: Amending the Kansas power of attorney act regarding the form of a power of attorney and the duties of third parties relying and acting on a power of attorney.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the dissolution of special districts and the assumption of responsibilities by a city or county.. Description: Providing for the dissolution of special districts and the assumption of responsibilities by a city or county.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the joint committee on child welfare system oversight.. Description: Establishing the joint committee on child welfare system oversight.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Modifying certain rules of evidence in the code of civil procedure related to authentication of records and documents.. Description: Modifying certain rules of evidence in the code of civil procedure related to authentication of records and documents.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 124 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Expanding STAR bonds by adding rural redevelopment projects and major business facilities, prohibiting public officials from employment with a developer, providing for public notice of hearings on city or county websites, posting of certain documents and links on websites, disclosure of names of developer, disclosure of state, federal and local tax incentives within a STAR bond district, changing certain project financing, investment and sales provisions, adding visitor tracking plan requirements and additional feasibility study requirements with oversight by the secretary, requiring approval by the secretary for real estate transfers, requiring district contiguity and extending the sunset date.. Description: House Substitute for SB 124 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Expanding STAR bonds by adding rural redevelopment projects and major business facilities, prohibiting public officials from employment with a developer, providing for public notice of hearings on city or county websites, posting of certain documents and links on websites, disclosure of names of developer, disclosure of state, federal and local tax incentives within a STAR bond district, changing certain project financing, investment and sales provisions, adding visitor tracking plan requirements and additional feasibility study requirements with oversight by the secretary, requiring approval by the secretary for real estate transfers, requiring district contiguity and extending the sunset date.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Modifying the eligibility requirements for restricted driving privileges, increasing the age for eligibility to renew drivers' licenses online to 65, allowing drivers' license renewal notices to be sent electronically, authorizing a waiver of traffic fines for manifest hardship situations and excluding the additional 90-day wait period for driver's license suspension for certain offenses.. Description: Modifying the eligibility requirements for restricted driving privileges, increasing the age for eligibility to renew drivers' licenses online to 65, allowing drivers' license renewal notices to be sent electronically, authorizing a waiver of traffic fines for manifest hardship situations and excluding the additional 90-day wait period for driver's license suspension for certain offenses.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the Kansas uniform directed trust act.. Description: Enacting the Kansas uniform directed trust act.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending certain department of wildlife, parks and tourism statutes by requiring coast guard-approved personal flotation devices as prescribed by the secretary of wildlife, parks and tourism in rules and regulations and updating the reference to the guidelines of the American fisheries society in the commercialization of wildlife statute.. Description: Amending certain department of wildlife, parks and tourism statutes by requiring coast guard-approved personal flotation devices as prescribed by the secretary of wildlife, parks and tourism in rules and regulations and updating the reference to the guidelines of the American fisheries society in the commercialization of wildlife statute.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating definitions and increasing maximum functional unit license and storage fees relating to grain and public warehouse laws.. Description: Updating definitions and increasing maximum functional unit license and storage fees relating to grain and public warehouse laws.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Defining and prohibiting certain deceptive lawsuit advertising practices and restricting the use or disclosure of protected health information to solicit individuals for legal services.. Description: Defining and prohibiting certain deceptive lawsuit advertising practices and restricting the use or disclosure of protected health information to solicit individuals for legal services.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Appropriations for FY 2021, FY 2022, and FY 2023, for various state agencies; authorizing the payment of certain claims against the state; authorizing certain transfers and capital improvement projects.. Description: Appropriations for FY 2021, FY 2022, and FY 2023, for various state agencies; authorizing the payment of certain claims against the state; authorizing certain transfers and capital improvement projects.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 167 by Committee on Transportation - Requiring drivers to yield the right-of-way and move over for authorized utility or telecommunication vehicles.. Description: House Substitute for SB 167 by Committee on Transportation - Requiring drivers to yield the right-of-way and move over for authorized utility or telecommunication vehicles.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the psychology interjurisdictional compact to provide for interjurisdictional authorization to practice telepsychology and temporary in-person, face-to-face psychology and enacting the physical therapy licensure compact and authorizing criminal history record checks in the physical therapy practice act.. Description: Enacting the psychology interjurisdictional compact to provide for interjurisdictional authorization to practice telepsychology and temporary in-person, face-to-face psychology and enacting the physical therapy licensure compact and authorizing criminal history record checks in the physical therapy practice act.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the crimes of trespassing on a critical infrastructure facility and criminal damage to a critical infrastructure facility and eliminating the crime of tampering with a pipeline.. Description: Creating the crimes of trespassing on a critical infrastructure facility and criminal damage to a critical infrastructure facility and eliminating the crime of tampering with a pipeline.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Enacting the rural emergency hospital act to provide for the licensure of rural emergency hospitals and establishing the rural hospital innovation grant program to assist rural hospitals in serving rural communities.. Description: Enacting the rural emergency hospital act to provide for the licensure of rural emergency hospitals and establishing the rural hospital innovation grant program to assist rural hospitals in serving rural communities.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for trust company charter conversions.. Description: Providing for trust company charter conversions.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Expanding the pharmacist scope of practice to include initiation of therapy for certain conditions, updating provisions of the prescription monitoring program act relating to program data, storage and access and increasing the membership of the advisory committee.. Description: Expanding the pharmacist scope of practice to include initiation of therapy for certain conditions, updating provisions of the prescription monitoring program act relating to program data, storage and access and increasing the membership of the advisory committee.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting a court from requiring psychiatric or psychological examinations of an alleged victim of any crime.. Description: Prohibiting a court from requiring psychiatric or psychological examinations of an alleged victim of any crime.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Transferring the authority for postsecondary driver's education programs and driver training schools to the department of revenue and authorizing the board of education of a school district to contract with transportation network companies to provide certain transportation services.. Description: Transferring the authority for postsecondary driver's education programs and driver training schools to the department of revenue and authorizing the board of education of a school district to contract with transportation network companies to provide certain transportation services.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Temporary rules of the Senate for the 2021 session.. Description: Temporary rules of the Senate for the 2021 session.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Enacting the back to school act to require school districts to provide a full-time, in person attendance option for all students beginning on March 26, 2021.. Description: Enacting the back to school act to require school districts to provide a full-time, in person attendance option for all students beginning on March 26, 2021.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for SB 238 by Committee on Public Health and Welfare - Requiring emergency medical services operators be overseen by medical directors or physicians; clarifying duties and functions of the state board of pharmacy; providing for confidentiality of investigations, inspections and audits; establishing fees on out-of-state facilities; defining telepharmacy and requiring the adoption of rules and regulations related thereto.. Description: Substitute for SB 238 by Committee on Public Health and Welfare - Requiring emergency medical services operators be overseen by medical directors or physicians; clarifying duties and functions of the state board of pharmacy; providing for confidentiality of investigations, inspections and audits; establishing fees on out-of-state facilities; defining telepharmacy and requiring the adoption of rules and regulations related thereto.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for SB 261 by Committee on Agriculture -- Prohibiting the use of identifiable meat terms on the labels of meat analogs when such labels do not include proper qualifying language to indicate that such products do not contain meat.. Description: Substitute for SB 261 by Committee on Agriculture -- Prohibiting the use of identifiable meat terms on the labels of meat analogs when such labels do not include proper qualifying language to indicate that such products do not contain meat.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for Substitute for SB 267 by Committee on Appropriations - Appropriations for FY 2022, FY 2023, FY 2024, FY 2025, FY 2026 and FY 2027 for various state agencies.. Description: House Substitute for Substitute for SB 267 by Committee on Appropriations - Appropriations for FY 2022, FY 2023, FY 2024, FY 2025, FY 2026 and FY 2027 for various state agencies.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adopting the permanent rules of the Senate for the 2021-2024 term.. Description: Adopting the permanent rules of the Senate for the 2021-2024 term.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring World War II Medal of Honor recipients. Description: Honoring World War II Medal of Honor recipients
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Continuing the governmental response to the COVID-19 pandemic in Kansas by extending the expanded use of telemedicine, the authority of the board of healing arts to grant certain temporary emergency licenses, the suspension of certain requirements related to medical care facilities and immunity from civil liability for certain healthcare providers and certain persons conducting business in this state for COVID-19 claims until March 31, 2022.. Description: Continuing the governmental response to the COVID-19 pandemic in Kansas by extending the expanded use of telemedicine, the authority of the board of healing arts to grant certain temporary emergency licenses, the suspension of certain requirements related to medical care facilities and immunity from civil liability for certain healthcare providers and certain persons conducting business in this state for COVID-19 claims until March 31, 2022.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for SB 300 by Committee on Judiciary - Amending the Kansas racketeer influenced and corrupt organization act to add a person who has engaged in identity theft or identity fraud to the definition of "covered person" and add identity theft and identity fraud to the definition of "racketeering activity.". Description: Substitute for SB 300 by Committee on Judiciary - Amending the Kansas racketeer influenced and corrupt organization act to add a person who has engaged in identity theft or identity fraud to the definition of "covered person" and add identity theft and identity fraud to the definition of "racketeering activity."
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the need to administer the COVID-19 vaccine.. Description: Recognizing the need to administer the COVID-19 vaccine.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the use and regulation of autonomous motor vehicles and establishing the autonomous vehicle advisory committee.. Description: Providing for the use and regulation of autonomous motor vehicles and establishing the autonomous vehicle advisory committee.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 5, 2021, as National Wear Red Day.. Description: Recognizing February 5, 2021, as National Wear Red Day.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the construction of a memorial honoring Kansas gold star families.. Description: Authorizing the construction of a memorial honoring Kansas gold star families.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Exempting certain business entities that provide health insurance in the state but are not subject to the jurisdiction of the commissioner of insurance from payment of the annual premium tax.. Description: Exempting certain business entities that provide health insurance in the state but are not subject to the jurisdiction of the commissioner of insurance from payment of the annual premium tax.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating certain investment limitation requirements to provide increased options for Kansas domiciled life insurance companies investing in equity interests and preferred stock.. Description: Updating certain investment limitation requirements to provide increased options for Kansas domiciled life insurance companies investing in equity interests and preferred stock.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Converting the conditional charter issued for the pilot program under the technology-enabled fiduciary financial institutions act to a full fiduciary financial institution charter.. Description: Converting the conditional charter issued for the pilot program under the technology-enabled fiduciary financial institutions act to a full fiduciary financial institution charter.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing considerations for in family law, adoption, foster care, guardianship and child in need of care proceedings for parents or prospective parents who are blind and updating the term "hearing impaired" to "hard of hearing" in statutes related to persons with hearing loss.. Description: Providing considerations for in family law, adoption, foster care, guardianship and child in need of care proceedings for parents or prospective parents who are blind and updating the term "hearing impaired" to "hard of hearing" in statutes related to persons with hearing loss.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing for the on-farm retail sale of milk and milk products, authorizing the secretary of agriculture to declare an imminent health hazard, extending certain milk and dairy license fees and establishing certain standards for milk.. Description: Allowing for the on-farm retail sale of milk and milk products, authorizing the secretary of agriculture to declare an imminent health hazard, extending certain milk and dairy license fees and establishing certain standards for milk.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 347 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Enacting the attracting powerful economic expansion act to provide for tax and other incentives to attract projects in specified industries, or for national corporate headquarters, that involve a capital investment of at least $1,000,000,000, providing for a reduction in the Kansas corporate income rate triggered by the first agreement under the act, limiting the number of agreements and requiring state finance council approval of agreements.. Description: House Substitute for SB 347 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Enacting the attracting powerful economic expansion act to provide for tax and other incentives to attract projects in specified industries, or for national corporate headquarters, that involve a capital investment of at least $1,000,000,000, providing for a reduction in the Kansas corporate income rate triggered by the first agreement under the act, limiting the number of agreements and requiring state finance council approval of agreements.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Exempting the practice of threading from the practice of cosmetology.. Description: Exempting the practice of threading from the practice of cosmetology.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for SB 355 by Committee on Redistricting - Proposing congressional redistricting map ad astra two.. Description: Substitute for SB 355 by Committee on Redistricting - Proposing congressional redistricting map ad astra two.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the public water supply project loan program's definition of "project" to remove the definition's current exclusion of projects that are related to the diversion or transportation of water acquired through a water transfer.. Description: Amending the public water supply project loan program's definition of "project" to remove the definition's current exclusion of projects that are related to the diversion or transportation of water acquired through a water transfer.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating a mechanism to seek relief from the Kansas offender registration act requirements for drug offenders, allowing expungement of offenses when such relief is granted and requiring registration as a sex offender for certain violations of the crimes of breach of privacy, internet trading in child pornography and aggravated internet trading in child pornography.. Description: Creating a mechanism to seek relief from the Kansas offender registration act requirements for drug offenders, allowing expungement of offenses when such relief is granted and requiring registration as a sex offender for certain violations of the crimes of breach of privacy, internet trading in child pornography and aggravated internet trading in child pornography.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring officers to file copies of receipts with the court when property is seized under a search warrant and providing requirements and procedures for destruction or disposition of dangerous drugs and return or disposition of weapons.. Description: Requiring officers to file copies of receipts with the court when property is seized under a search warrant and providing requirements and procedures for destruction or disposition of dangerous drugs and return or disposition of weapons.
In 2022, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing technology-enabled fiduciary financial institution insurance companies within the captive insurance act and providing for the requirements and operations thereof.. Description: Authorizing technology-enabled fiduciary financial institution insurance companies within the captive insurance act and providing for the requirements and operations thereof.
In 2022, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Requiring registration as a sex offender for certain violations of the crimes of breach of privacy, internet trading in child pornography and aggravated internet trading in child pornography.. Description: Requiring registration as a sex offender for certain violations of the crimes of breach of privacy, internet trading in child pornography and aggravated internet trading in child pornography.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Terminating the transfer of remaining unencumbered moneys in the securities act fee fund exceeding $50,000 to the state general fund.. Description: Terminating the transfer of remaining unencumbered moneys in the securities act fee fund exceeding $50,000 to the state general fund.
In 2022, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Adding maternity centers to the definition of healthcare provider for purposes of the healthcare insurance provider availability act.. Description: Adding maternity centers to the definition of healthcare provider for purposes of the healthcare insurance provider availability act.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for SB 400 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Insurance - Updating certain requirements and conditions relating to the creation, modification and termination of trusts in the Kansas uniform trust code and updating the definition of resident trust for tax purposes.. Description: Substitute for SB 400 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Insurance - Updating certain requirements and conditions relating to the creation, modification and termination of trusts in the Kansas uniform trust code and updating the definition of resident trust for tax purposes.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the state historical society to convey certain real property to the Shawnee Tribe.. Description: Authorizing the state historical society to convey certain real property to the Shawnee Tribe.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the criminal penalties for multiple thefts of mail; specifying that the crime of burglary includes, without authority, entering into or remaining within any locked or secured portion of any dwelling, building or other structure, with intent to commit another crime therein; providing guidance to determine how offenders under the supervision of two or more supervision agencies can have supervision consolidated into one agency; requiring an offender who raises error in such offender's criminal history calculation for the first time on appeal to show prejudicial error and authorizing the court to correct an illegal sentence while a direct appeal is pending; and transferring the responsibility to certify drug abuse treatment providers that participate in the certified drug abuse treatment program from the department of corrections to the Kansas sentencing commission.. Description: Increasing the criminal penalties for multiple thefts of mail; specifying that the crime of burglary includes, without authority, entering into or remaining within any locked or secured portion of any dwelling, building or other structure, with intent to commit another crime therein; providing guidance to determine how offenders under the supervision of two or more supervision agencies can have supervision consolidated into one agency; requiring an offender who raises error in such offender's criminal history calculation for the first time on appeal to show prejudicial error and authorizing the court to correct an illegal sentence while a direct appeal is pending; and transferring the responsibility to certify drug abuse treatment providers that participate in the certified drug abuse treatment program from the department of corrections to the Kansas sentencing commission.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing minimum and maximum permit renewal fees for certain solid waste disposal areas and processing facilities.. Description: Establishing minimum and maximum permit renewal fees for certain solid waste disposal areas and processing facilities.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing certain employees from the department of corrections to attend the Kansas law enforcement training center and including special agents of the department of corrections in the definition of law enforcement officer under the Kansas law enforcement training act.. Description: Allowing certain employees from the department of corrections to attend the Kansas law enforcement training center and including special agents of the department of corrections in the definition of law enforcement officer under the Kansas law enforcement training act.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Transferring a total of $1,125,000,000 from the state general fund to the Kansas public employees retirement fund during FY 2022 and FY 2023, allowing the state finance council to stop such FY 2023 transfers and eliminating certain level-dollar KPERS employer contribution payments.. Description: Transferring a total of $1,125,000,000 from the state general fund to the Kansas public employees retirement fund during FY 2022 and FY 2023, allowing the state finance council to stop such FY 2023 transfers and eliminating certain level-dollar KPERS employer contribution payments.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating exemptions in the open records act for records that contain captured license plate data or that pertain to the location of an automated license plate recognition system.. Description: Creating exemptions in the open records act for records that contain captured license plate data or that pertain to the location of an automated license plate recognition system.
In 2022, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Expanding law enforcement officers' jurisdiction to include situations when an illegal act is observed that the officer reasonably believes will jeopardize the safety of any person without immediate action.. Description: Expanding law enforcement officers' jurisdiction to include situations when an illegal act is observed that the officer reasonably believes will jeopardize the safety of any person without immediate action.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing when an occupational therapist may treat a patient without referral from a physician and requiring occupational therapists to maintain professional liability insurance.. Description: Establishing when an occupational therapist may treat a patient without referral from a physician and requiring occupational therapists to maintain professional liability insurance.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing restricted driver's license holders beginning at age 15 to drive to and from religious activities held by any religious organization and providing for the electronic renewal of nondriver's identification card.. Description: Allowing restricted driver's license holders beginning at age 15 to drive to and from religious activities held by any religious organization and providing for the electronic renewal of nondriver's identification card.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adopting the national association of insurance commissioner's amendments to the unfair trade practices act excluding commercial property and casualty insurance producers, brokers and insurers from prohibitions on giving rebates as an inducement to sales.. Description: Adopting the national association of insurance commissioner's amendments to the unfair trade practices act excluding commercial property and casualty insurance producers, brokers and insurers from prohibitions on giving rebates as an inducement to sales.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Sub for SB 450 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Insurance: Eliminating the crediting to the Kansas public employees retirement fund of 80% of the proceeds from the sale of surplus real estate, authorizing state educational institutions to sell and convey real property given to such state educational institutions as an endowment, bequest or gift and authorizing the state board of regents to adopt policies relating to such sale and conveyance.. Description: Sub for SB 450 by Committee on Financial Institutions and Insurance: Eliminating the crediting to the Kansas public employees retirement fund of 80% of the proceeds from the sale of surplus real estate, authorizing state educational institutions to sell and convey real property given to such state educational institutions as an endowment, bequest or gift and authorizing the state board of regents to adopt policies relating to such sale and conveyance.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring an individual to maintain enrollment on a tribal membership roll to receive a free permanent hunting license.. Description: Requiring an individual to maintain enrollment on a tribal membership roll to receive a free permanent hunting license.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring unlicensed employees in adult care homes to complete certain training requirements, reinstating the social worker applicant option for board-approved postgraduate supervised experience, allowing master's and clinical level licensees to take the baccalaureate addiction counselor test and requiring the behavioral sciences regulatory board to accept a master of social work degree from Fort Hays state university as from an accredited college or university.. Description: Requiring unlicensed employees in adult care homes to complete certain training requirements, reinstating the social worker applicant option for board-approved postgraduate supervised experience, allowing master's and clinical level licensees to take the baccalaureate addiction counselor test and requiring the behavioral sciences regulatory board to accept a master of social work degree from Fort Hays state university as from an accredited college or university.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing a permanent memorial commemorating the Kansas suffragist movement to be placed in the state capitol and establishing the Kansas suffragist memorial fund.. Description: Authorizing a permanent memorial commemorating the Kansas suffragist movement to be placed in the state capitol and establishing the Kansas suffragist memorial fund.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing criminal penalties for theft and criminal damage to property involving remote service units such as automated cash dispensing machines and automated teller machines.. Description: Increasing criminal penalties for theft and criminal damage to property involving remote service units such as automated cash dispensing machines and automated teller machines.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the north central Kansas down syndrome society distinctive license plate.. Description: Providing for the north central Kansas down syndrome society distinctive license plate.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for SB 563 by Committee on Redistricting - Proposing state senatorial redistricting plan liberty three, state representative redistricting plan free state 3F and state board of education redistricting plan apple seven.. Description: Substitute for SB 563 by Committee on Redistricting - Proposing state senatorial redistricting plan liberty three, state representative redistricting plan free state 3F and state board of education redistricting plan apple seven.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2021 session.. Description: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2021 session.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Assigning seats in the House of Representatives for the 2021 session.. Description: Assigning seats in the House of Representatives for the 2021 session.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Proposing the temporary rules of the House of Representatives for the 2021 session.. Description: Proposing the temporary rules of the House of Representatives for the 2021 session.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adopting permanent rules of the House of Representatives for the 2021-2022 biennium.. Description: Adopting permanent rules of the House of Representatives for the 2021-2022 biennium.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Urging the President of the United States to honor surviving World War II Medal of Honor recipients with designated state funerals.. Description: Urging the President of the United States to honor surviving World War II Medal of Honor recipients with designated state funerals.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Disapproving executive reorganization order no. 47 that relates to the newly named Kansas department of human services.. Description: Disapproving executive reorganization order no. 47 that relates to the newly named Kansas department of human services.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Supporting the United States Army Future Vertical Lift program.. Description: Supporting the United States Army Future Vertical Lift program.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the Kansas Army and Air National Guard.. Description: Honoring the Kansas Army and Air National Guard.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the house of representatives during the 2021 legislative session.. Description: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the house of representatives during the 2021 legislative session.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Music in Our Schools Month.. Description: Recognizing Music in Our Schools Month.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Strengthening the sister-state ties between the State of Kansas and Taiwan.. Description: Strengthening the sister-state ties between the State of Kansas and Taiwan.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Urging the legislative coordinating council to revoke an executive order issued by the governor related to mandating face coverings if such an executive order is issued while the legislature is adjourned.. Description: Urging the legislative coordinating council to revoke an executive order issued by the governor related to mandating face coverings if such an executive order is issued while the legislature is adjourned.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating May 3, 2021, as Michael Mosher Day.. Description: Designating May 3, 2021, as Michael Mosher Day.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Supporting the full development of the Heartland Flyer Extension.. Description: Supporting the full development of the Heartland Flyer Extension.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Condemning the recent attacks on the State of Israel.. Description: Condemning the recent attacks on the State of Israel.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2022 legislative session.. Description: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2022 legislative session.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the House of Representatives during the 2022 legislative session.. Description: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the House of Representatives during the 2022 legislative session.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring pregnancy maintenance resource centers in Kansas and across the United States.. Description: Honoring pregnancy maintenance resource centers in Kansas and across the United States.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the 2020 and 2022 Kansas Master Teachers.. Description: Congratulating and commending the 2020 and 2022 Kansas Master Teachers.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating the celebration of St. Patrick's Day. Description: Commemorating the celebration of St. Patrick's Day
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring and recognizing the life and career of Representative J. Russell Jennings.. Description: Honoring and recognizing the life and career of Representative J. Russell Jennings.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the 2021-2022 University of Kansas men's basketball team for winning the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Championship.. Description: Congratulating and commending the 2021-2022 University of Kansas men's basketball team for winning the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Championship.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the House of Representatives during the 2022 legislative session.. Description: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the House of Representatives during the 2022 legislative session.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing National Vending Day. Description: Recognizing National Vending Day
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring George Washington Carver.. Description: Honoring George Washington Carver.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.. Description: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating Marrietta Billinger's 100th birthday.. Description: Commemorating Marrietta Billinger's 100th birthday.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Supporting the United States Army Future Vertical Lift program.. Description: Supporting the United States Army Future Vertical Lift program.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing National Vending Day.. Description: Recognizing National Vending Day.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Assigning seats in the Senate during the 2021 session.. Description: Assigning seats in the Senate during the 2021 session.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Supporting the full development of an Amtrak passenger rail corridor between Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Newton, Kansas.. Description: Supporting the full development of an Amtrak passenger rail corridor between Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Newton, Kansas.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Urging the legislative coordinating council to revoke any executive order issued by the governor related to mandating face coverings if such an executive order is issued while the legislature is adjourned.. Description: Urging the legislative coordinating council to revoke any executive order issued by the governor related to mandating face coverings if such an executive order is issued while the legislature is adjourned.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating April 7, 2021, as Joey Weber Remembrance Day.. Description: Designating April 7, 2021, as Joey Weber Remembrance Day.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the Baldwin City High School girls wrestling team.. Description: Congratulating and commending the Baldwin City High School girls wrestling team.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing April as child abuse prevention month.. Description: Recognizing April as child abuse prevention month.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing 25 years of 529 Savings Plans.. Description: Recognizing 25 years of 529 Savings Plans.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2022 legislative session.. Description: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2022 legislative session.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Assigning seats in the Senate during the 2022 legislative session.. Description: Assigning seats in the Senate during the 2022 legislative session.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring pregnancy maintenance resource centers in Kansas and across the United States.. Description: Honoring pregnancy maintenance resource centers in Kansas and across the United States.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Kevin Willmott for his contributions to American film and education.. Description: Recognizing Kevin Willmott for his contributions to American film and education.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2022 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.. Description: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2022 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating February 10, 2022, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol.. Description: Designating February 10, 2022, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.. Description: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating February 2, 2022, as Envision Day.. Description: Designating February 2, 2022, as Envision Day.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the 2020 and 2022 Kansas Master Teachers.. Description: Congratulating and commending the 2020 and 2022 Kansas Master Teachers.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the University of Kansas men's basketball team on their 2022 NCAA Division I national championship.. Description: Congratulating and commending the University of Kansas men's basketball team on their 2022 NCAA Division I national championship.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Disapproving of the proposed amendments to the international health regulations of the world health organization offered by President Biden.. Description: Disapproving of the proposed amendments to the international health regulations of the world health organization offered by President Biden.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adopting joint rules for the House of Representatives and Senate for the 2021-2022 biennium.. Description: Adopting joint rules for the House of Representatives and Senate for the 2021-2022 biennium.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the bill of rights of the constitution of the state of Kansas to reserve to the people the right to regulate abortion through their elected state representatives and senators.. Description: Amending the bill of rights of the constitution of the state of Kansas to reserve to the people the right to regulate abortion through their elected state representatives and senators.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Proposing a constitutional amendment that provides for legislative oversight of rules and regulations adopted by executive branch agencies and officials.. Description: Proposing a constitutional amendment that provides for legislative oversight of rules and regulations adopted by executive branch agencies and officials.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Urging the United States Congress to reject the For the People Act of 2021.. Description: Urging the United States Congress to reject the For the People Act of 2021.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2021 regular session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2021 regular session of the Legislature.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.. Description: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for joint sessions of the Senate and the House of Representatives for hearing messages from the Governor and the Supreme Court.. Description: Providing for joint sessions of the Senate and the House of Representatives for hearing messages from the Governor and the Supreme Court.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Proposing a constitutional amendment requiring that a sheriff be elected in each county; exception.. Description: Proposing a constitutional amendment requiring that a sheriff be elected in each county; exception.
In 2022, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Applying to the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states.. Description: Applying to the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the growing problem of antisemitism in the United States.. Description: Recognizing the growing problem of antisemitism in the United States.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2022 regular session of the legislature.. Description: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2022 regular session of the legislature.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and the House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2022 regular session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and the House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2022 regular session of the Legislature.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending the 2022 regular session of the legislature beyond 90 calendar days and providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during such session.. Description: Extending the 2022 regular session of the legislature beyond 90 calendar days and providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during such session.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2022 regular session.. Description: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2022 regular session.
In 2022, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment sine die of the Senate and House of Representatives during the 2022 legislative session.. Description: Providing for the adjournment sine die of the Senate and House of Representatives during the 2022 legislative session.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.. Description: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the first adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2021 regular session of the legislature.. Description: Providing for the first adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2021 regular session of the legislature.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2021 regular session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2021 regular session of the Legislature.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Urging the Kansas Governor to end Federal Pandemic Unemployment Compensation in support of Kansas businesses.. Description: Urging the Kansas Governor to end Federal Pandemic Unemployment Compensation in support of Kansas businesses.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Creating the crime of sexual extortion and requiring an offender to register under the Kansas offender registration act.. Description: Creating the crime of sexual extortion and requiring an offender to register under the Kansas offender registration act.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the state fair board to use moneys in the state fair capital improvements fund for general operations for fiscal years 2021 and 2022.. Description: Authorizing the state fair board to use moneys in the state fair capital improvements fund for general operations for fiscal years 2021 and 2022.
In 2021, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Allowing consumption of beer and wine on the Kansas state fairgrounds and crediting a portion of moneys collected from the liquor enforcement tax to the state fair capital improvements fund.. Description: Allowing consumption of beer and wine on the Kansas state fairgrounds and crediting a portion of moneys collected from the liquor enforcement tax to the state fair capital improvements fund.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2021 session.. Description: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2021 session.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Assigning seats in the House of Representatives for the 2021 session.. Description: Assigning seats in the House of Representatives for the 2021 session.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2021 session.. Description: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2021 session.
In 2021, Kansas passed a bill titled: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.. Description: Informing the Governor that the two houses of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Enacting the governmental response to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic in Kansas and providing certain relief related to health, welfare, property and economic security during this public health emergency.. Description: Enacting the governmental response to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic in Kansas and providing certain relief related to health, welfare, property and economic security during this public health emergency.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2020 special session.. Description: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives for the 2020 special session.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for assignment of seats in the House of Representatives for the 2020 special session.. Description: Providing for assignment of seats in the House of Representatives for the 2020 special session.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2020 special session.. Description: Providing for the organization of the Senate for the 2020 special session.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the appointment of a committee to inform the governor that the legislature is organized and ready to receive communications during the 2020 special session.. Description: Providing for the appointment of a committee to inform the governor that the legislature is organized and ready to receive communications during the 2020 special session.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment of the 2020 special session.. Description: Providing for the adjournment of the 2020 special session.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the sunset and assessment rates for the remediation reimbursement program.. Description: Amending the sunset and assessment rates for the remediation reimbursement program.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2007 by Committee on Transportation - Authorizing certain toll projects for new projects or expanded capacity with approval from local units of government, the KTA and the state finance council; changing the requirement to fully fund toll projects solely through toll revenue.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2007 by Committee on Transportation - Authorizing certain toll projects for new projects or expanded capacity with approval from local units of government, the KTA and the state finance council; changing the requirement to fully fund toll projects solely through toll revenue.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for Substitute for HB 2018 by Committee on Utilities - Restricting cities and counties from imposing certain regulations and fees on a video service provider for the provision of communications service through a micro wireless facility.. Description: Senate Substitute for Substitute for HB 2018 by Committee on Utilities - Restricting cities and counties from imposing certain regulations and fees on a video service provider for the provision of communications service through a micro wireless facility.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Retirement and pensions; amending definition of "service-connected" in KP&F system; empowering KPERS board to develop procurement, contracting and travel policies and procedures; providing two-year waiting period for KPERS membership for certain positions in community developmental disability organizations; exempting positions employed by Kansas STARBASE program from working after retirement requirements; allowing waiver of working after retirement penalties and authorizing reimbursement of certain suspended retirement benefits; providing DROP membership to KBI agents and extending sunset date for DROP.. Description: Retirement and pensions; amending definition of "service-connected" in KP&F system; empowering KPERS board to develop procurement, contracting and travel policies and procedures; providing two-year waiting period for KPERS membership for certain positions in community developmental disability organizations; exempting positions employed by Kansas STARBASE program from working after retirement requirements; allowing waiver of working after retirement penalties and authorizing reimbursement of certain suspended retirement benefits; providing DROP membership to KBI agents and extending sunset date for DROP.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2034 by Committee on Judiciary - Requiring restitution be due immediately unless the court orders a payment plan.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2034 by Committee on Judiciary - Requiring restitution be due immediately unless the court orders a payment plan.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing uniformity in the issuance of citations for violations of the Kansas cereal malt beverage act by ABC; imposition of liquor enforcement tax.. Description: Providing uniformity in the issuance of citations for violations of the Kansas cereal malt beverage act by ABC; imposition of liquor enforcement tax.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Revoking spousal inheritance rights upon divorce.. Description: Revoking spousal inheritance rights upon divorce.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating laws concerning limited liability companies; exempting animal shelters from registration requirements as charitable organizations.. Description: Updating laws concerning limited liability companies; exempting animal shelters from registration requirements as charitable organizations.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Income tax credit for taxpayer purchases of certain goods and services from qualified vendors providing employment for blind or disabled individuals.. Description: Income tax credit for taxpayer purchases of certain goods and services from qualified vendors providing employment for blind or disabled individuals.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of United States highway 75 as the John Armstrong memorial highway and a bridge on United States highway 77 as the SGT Kevin A. Gilbertson memorial bridge.. Description: Designating a portion of United States highway 75 as the John Armstrong memorial highway and a bridge on United States highway 77 as the SGT Kevin A. Gilbertson memorial bridge.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the Kansas 911 act.. Description: Amending the Kansas 911 act.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending the repayment period for municipal loans for public water supply projects and clarifying the reinstatement requirements for rural water district forfeited benefit units.. Description: Extending the repayment period for municipal loans for public water supply projects and clarifying the reinstatement requirements for rural water district forfeited benefit units.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Changing the definition of school bus for purposes of the motor-fuel tax law.. Description: Changing the definition of school bus for purposes of the motor-fuel tax law.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing method for calculating cost of keeping civil prisoners in county jail.. Description: Providing method for calculating cost of keeping civil prisoners in county jail.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating state credit union statutes.. Description: Updating state credit union statutes.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the revised Kansas code for care of children to provide requirements for placement of a child in a qualified residential treatment program.. Description: Amending the revised Kansas code for care of children to provide requirements for placement of a child in a qualified residential treatment program.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amendments related to driving under the influence, including preliminary screening tests, implied consent advisories and test refusal.. Description: Amendments related to driving under the influence, including preliminary screening tests, implied consent advisories and test refusal.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for licensed pharmacists to administer certain drugs, authorizing certain business entities to hire physicians and chiropractors and requiring electronic prescriptions for opiates.. Description: Providing for licensed pharmacists to administer certain drugs, authorizing certain business entities to hire physicians and chiropractors and requiring electronic prescriptions for opiates.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the Kansas national guard educational assistance act.. Description: Amending the Kansas national guard educational assistance act.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring licensees operating a motor vehicle to promptly deliver driver's license upon demand by authorized persons.. Description: Requiring licensees operating a motor vehicle to promptly deliver driver's license upon demand by authorized persons.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adopting the Driver's Privacy Protection Act.. Description: Adopting the Driver's Privacy Protection Act.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Eliminating the marking requirements for certain truck and truck tractors.. Description: Eliminating the marking requirements for certain truck and truck tractors.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2137 by Committee on Judiciary - Reviewing and continuing expiring exceptions to the disclosure of public records under the open records act and eliminating a photograph record requirement in the scrap metal theft reduction act.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2137 by Committee on Judiciary - Reviewing and continuing expiring exceptions to the disclosure of public records under the open records act and eliminating a photograph record requirement in the scrap metal theft reduction act.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing sales tax authority for Dickinson, Finney, Jackson, Russell, Thomas and Wabaunsee counties; specifying certain county sales tax collection requirements of director of taxation; and providing a sales tax exemption for sales of certain coins or bullion.. Description: Providing sales tax authority for Dickinson, Finney, Jackson, Russell, Thomas and Wabaunsee counties; specifying certain county sales tax collection requirements of director of taxation; and providing a sales tax exemption for sales of certain coins or bullion.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring community colleges to publish certain taxpayer and student transparency data.. Description: Requiring community colleges to publish certain taxpayer and student transparency data.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2167 by Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources - Establishing a commercial industrial hemp program.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2167 by Committee on Agriculture and Natural Resources - Establishing a commercial industrial hemp program.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Increasing the rate and expanding the base of the hospital provider assessment and extending the quality care assessment imposed on skilled nursing care facilities.. Description: Increasing the rate and expanding the base of the hospital provider assessment and extending the quality care assessment imposed on skilled nursing care facilities.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending the sunset date of the state use law for five years.. Description: Extending the sunset date of the state use law for five years.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating accounting and reporting requirements of hedging transactions, risk-based capital instructions and enterprise risk reports and updating definitions for fraudulent insurance acts.. Description: Updating accounting and reporting requirements of hedging transactions, risk-based capital instructions and enterprise risk reports and updating definitions for fraudulent insurance acts.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the Kansas underground utility damage prevention act.. Description: Amending the Kansas underground utility damage prevention act.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Dissolving the White Clay watershed district no. 26, city of Atchison assumes obligations and amending the tax lid relating to the dissolution of any taxing subdivision.. Description: Dissolving the White Clay watershed district no. 26, city of Atchison assumes obligations and amending the tax lid relating to the dissolution of any taxing subdivision.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending the procedure for execution of a search warrant for electronically stored information.. Description: Amending the procedure for execution of a search warrant for electronically stored information.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating statutory references necessitated by 2012 executive reorganization order no. 41 related to administration of tuberculosis programs.. Description: Updating statutory references necessitated by 2012 executive reorganization order no. 41 related to administration of tuberculosis programs.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Reconciling amendments to certain statutes.. Description: Reconciling amendments to certain statutes.
In 2019, Kansas enrolled a bill titled: Establishing the unclaimed life insurance benefits act, updating certain definitions pertaining to unfair trade practices and association health plans, and providing for third party administrator fees, the purchase of cybersecurity insurance by the Kansas board of regents and certain healthcare benefits coverage.. Description: Establishing the unclaimed life insurance benefits act, updating certain definitions pertaining to unfair trade practices and association health plans, and providing for third party administrator fees, the purchase of cybersecurity insurance by the Kansas board of regents and certain healthcare benefits coverage.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing judges to waive or reduce driver's license reinstatement fees.. Description: Allowing judges to waive or reduce driver's license reinstatement fees.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2214 by Committee on Transportation - Providing for an increase in registration fees for electric and hybrid vehicles.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2214 by Committee on Transportation - Providing for an increase in registration fees for electric and hybrid vehicles.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Kansas state fair board is authorized to create a nonprofit corporation for the benefit of the state fair.. Description: Kansas state fair board is authorized to create a nonprofit corporation for the benefit of the state fair.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adopting economic development program evaluation and information disclosure regimes and expanding economic development incentive financing to address housing shortages.. Description: Adopting economic development program evaluation and information disclosure regimes and expanding economic development incentive financing to address housing shortages.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2225 by Committee on Transportation - Providing for an increase in permit fees for oversize or overweight vehicles and required registration for escort vehicle service operators.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2225 by Committee on Transportation - Providing for an increase in permit fees for oversize or overweight vehicles and required registration for escort vehicle service operators.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending oversight, administration and regulation of certain duties, responsibilities and activities of the insurance department relating to risk-based capital instructions, definition of long-term care insurance, conversion plans of reciprocals to mutual insurance companies, appointment and removal of securities commissioner and assessing penalties from excess lines and creating and authorizing certain transfers to the cancer research and public information trust fund for the university of Kansas medical center and changing the rate of the hospital provider assessment imposed by the department of health and environment and granting Wichita state university bonding authority for certain capital improvement projects.. Description: Amending oversight, administration and regulation of certain duties, responsibilities and activities of the insurance department relating to risk-based capital instructions, definition of long-term care insurance, conversion plans of reciprocals to mutual insurance companies, appointment and removal of securities commissioner and assessing penalties from excess lines and creating and authorizing certain transfers to the cancer research and public information trust fund for the university of Kansas medical center and changing the rate of the hospital provider assessment imposed by the department of health and environment and granting Wichita state university bonding authority for certain capital improvement projects.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing all-terrain vehicles to cross federal or state highways.. Description: Allowing all-terrain vehicles to cross federal or state highways.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing the Kansas closed case task force; creating the Kansas criminal justice reform commission; concerning criminal history record checks for entities providing care to children, the elderly or individuals with disabilities; creating a Kansas victim information and notification everyday (VINE) coordinator, a Kansas youth suicide prevention coordinator, and a crime victims compensation division within the office of the attorney general; legislative review of exceptions to disclosure of public records under the Kansas open records act; and changing tort claims fund obligations for claims involving alleged violations of the Kansas open meetings act and open records act.. Description: Establishing the Kansas closed case task force; creating the Kansas criminal justice reform commission; concerning criminal history record checks for entities providing care to children, the elderly or individuals with disabilities; creating a Kansas victim information and notification everyday (VINE) coordinator, a Kansas youth suicide prevention coordinator, and a crime victims compensation division within the office of the attorney general; legislative review of exceptions to disclosure of public records under the Kansas open records act; and changing tort claims fund obligations for claims involving alleged violations of the Kansas open meetings act and open records act.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for confidential communications of Kansas national guard members in peer support counseling sessions.. Description: Providing for confidential communications of Kansas national guard members in peer support counseling sessions.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Senate Substitute for HB 2585 by Committee on Utilities - Exempting certain public utilities from Kansas income taxation and allowing the state corporation commission to approve certain contract and reduced electric rates and associated cost recovery from all rate classes.. Description: Senate Substitute for HB 2585 by Committee on Utilities - Exempting certain public utilities from Kansas income taxation and allowing the state corporation commission to approve certain contract and reduced electric rates and associated cost recovery from all rate classes.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Eliminating the 30-day delay before offering state surplus property for sale to the general public.. Description: Eliminating the 30-day delay before offering state surplus property for sale to the general public.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Authorizing the transfer of $115,000,000 from the state general fund to the Kansas public employees retirement fund during fiscal year 2019.. Description: Authorizing the transfer of $115,000,000 from the state general fund to the Kansas public employees retirement fund during fiscal year 2019.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending public health provisions relating to behavioral sciences regulatory board professional licensure, naturopathic doctor scope of practice and adult care home licensure and receivership.. Description: Amending public health provisions relating to behavioral sciences regulatory board professional licensure, naturopathic doctor scope of practice and adult care home licensure and receivership.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 16 by Committee on K-12 Education Budget – Making appropriations for the department of education for FY 2019, 2020 and 2021; amending the Kansas school equity and enhancement act and other statutes related to education.. Description: House Substitute for SB 16 by Committee on K-12 Education Budget – Making appropriations for the department of education for FY 2019, 2020 and 2021; amending the Kansas school equity and enhancement act and other statutes related to education.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring class M driver's licenses when operating a motorcycle registered under a temporary permit.. Description: Requiring class M driver's licenses when operating a motorcycle registered under a temporary permit.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing a process for the attorney general to enter into diversion agreements; authorizing certain entities to access a criminal defendant's presentence investigation report; amending the crime of counterfeiting currency; clarifying the definition of comparable offense under the Kansas criminal code, the timing of claiming error on appeal, and the grounds for a motion to correct an illegal sentence; allowing use of certified drug abuse treatment programs for certain offenders convicted of unlawful cultivation or distribution of controlled substances; amending available sanctions for violation of condition of postrelease supervision; increasing criminal penalties for abuse of a child and involuntary manslaughter when the victim is under 6 years of age and making a presumption of unfitness against any parent convicted of either crime; exempting certain victims from being considered an aggressor or participant as a mitigating factor when considering a departure sentence; requiring law enforcement officers to provide information about timing of release from custody when an arrest is made following a domestic violence call.. Description: Providing a process for the attorney general to enter into diversion agreements; authorizing certain entities to access a criminal defendant's presentence investigation report; amending the crime of counterfeiting currency; clarifying the definition of comparable offense under the Kansas criminal code, the timing of claiming error on appeal, and the grounds for a motion to correct an illegal sentence; allowing use of certified drug abuse treatment programs for certain offenders convicted of unlawful cultivation or distribution of controlled substances; amending available sanctions for violation of condition of postrelease supervision; increasing criminal penalties for abuse of a child and involuntary manslaughter when the victim is under 6 years of age and making a presumption of unfitness against any parent convicted of either crime; exempting certain victims from being considered an aggressor or participant as a mitigating factor when considering a departure sentence; requiring law enforcement officers to provide information about timing of release from custody when an arrest is made following a domestic violence call.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending the judicial branch surcharge to fund the costs of non-judicial personnel; extending recognition of tribal court judgments pursuant to supreme court rules; amending the bonding and cost requirements for animals taken into custody under a violation of cruelty to animals.. Description: Extending the judicial branch surcharge to fund the costs of non-judicial personnel; extending recognition of tribal court judgments pursuant to supreme court rules; amending the bonding and cost requirements for animals taken into custody under a violation of cruelty to animals.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Removing expired warning provision for approach of an emergency vehicle traffic violation.. Description: Removing expired warning provision for approach of an emergency vehicle traffic violation.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 25 by Committee on Appropriations - Appropriations for FY 2019, FY 2020, FY 2021 and FY 2022 for various state agencies.. Description: House Substitute for SB 25 by Committee on Appropriations - Appropriations for FY 2019, FY 2020, FY 2021 and FY 2022 for various state agencies.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 27 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Providing for a maximum of 26 weeks of unemployment insurance benefits and compensation for the pre-payment waiting period.. Description: House Substitute for SB 27 by Committee on Commerce, Labor and Economic Development - Providing for a maximum of 26 weeks of unemployment insurance benefits and compensation for the pre-payment waiting period.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating an affirmative defense to the crime of possession of a controlled substance for possession of certain medical treatments; amending podiatrist qualifications.. Description: Creating an affirmative defense to the crime of possession of a controlled substance for possession of certain medical treatments; amending podiatrist qualifications.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Compensation for warranty services under the vehicle dealers and manufacturers licensing act.. Description: Compensation for warranty services under the vehicle dealers and manufacturers licensing act.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Clarifying that a violation of the statute requiring seat belt use is a traffic infraction.. Description: Clarifying that a violation of the statute requiring seat belt use is a traffic infraction.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating certain emergency medical services-related statutes.. Description: Updating certain emergency medical services-related statutes.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Eudora community library district act.. Description: Eudora community library district act.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Amending Kansas real estate commission licensing provisions for brokers and sales persons.. Description: Amending Kansas real estate commission licensing provisions for brokers and sales persons.
In 2019, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Amending podiatrist qualifications and scope of practice.. Description: Amending podiatrist qualifications and scope of practice.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Allowing lighting devices in transportation network company vehicles; regulating the operation of electric-assisted scooters; allowing for the installation of certain light screening material on windshields; allowing all-terrain and work-site utility vehicles to operate on a federal or state highway; requiring vehicles to stop for on-track train equipment.. Description: Allowing lighting devices in transportation network company vehicles; regulating the operation of electric-assisted scooters; allowing for the installation of certain light screening material on windshields; allowing all-terrain and work-site utility vehicles to operate on a federal or state highway; requiring vehicles to stop for on-track train equipment.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Appropriations for FY 2020, 2021 and 2022 for various state agencies.. Description: Appropriations for FY 2020, 2021 and 2022 for various state agencies.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Limiting the fees and agreements cities can require a wireless services provider to enter for the provision of wireless telecommunications service.. Description: Limiting the fees and agreements cities can require a wireless services provider to enter for the provision of wireless telecommunications service.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for SB 69 by Committee on Utilities - Requiring an electric rate study of certain electric utilities.. Description: Substitute for SB 69 by Committee on Utilities - Requiring an electric rate study of certain electric utilities.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Alcoholic liquor amendments relating to temporary permits, delivery of alcoholic liquors to consumers, common consumption areas and producer permits.. Description: Alcoholic liquor amendments relating to temporary permits, delivery of alcoholic liquors to consumers, common consumption areas and producer permits.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Eliminating the expiration of the postsecondary technical education authority and requiring a report to the legislature.. Description: Eliminating the expiration of the postsecondary technical education authority and requiring a report to the legislature.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring the department for children and families to offer services to children with sexual behavior problems and to such child's family.. Description: Requiring the department for children and families to offer services to children with sexual behavior problems and to such child's family.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Regulating assignment of rights or benefits to a residential contractor under a property and casualty insurance policy insuring residential real estate; enacting housing protections for victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, human trafficking or stalking.. Description: Regulating assignment of rights or benefits to a residential contractor under a property and casualty insurance policy insuring residential real estate; enacting housing protections for victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, human trafficking or stalking.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Updating the state banking code.. Description: Updating the state banking code.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Extending the tax credit under the center for entrepreneurship act to financial institutions and increasing the annual tax credit limit for all contributors.. Description: Extending the tax credit under the center for entrepreneurship act to financial institutions and increasing the annual tax credit limit for all contributors.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Establishing a minimum course duration for motor vehicle accident prevention courses.. Description: Establishing a minimum course duration for motor vehicle accident prevention courses.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Division of vehicles registering fleet vehicles.. Description: Division of vehicles registering fleet vehicles.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 102 by Committee on Judiciary - Allowing the chief justice of the Kansas supreme court to extend or suspend deadlines or time limitations to secure the health and safety of court users, staff and judicial officers.. Description: House Substitute for SB 102 by Committee on Judiciary - Allowing the chief justice of the Kansas supreme court to extend or suspend deadlines or time limitations to secure the health and safety of court users, staff and judicial officers.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Elections; cities; date for taking office.. Description: Elections; cities; date for taking office.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requiring at least nine safety drills to be conducted by schools each year including fire, tornado and crisis drills.. Description: Requiring at least nine safety drills to be conducted by schools each year including fire, tornado and crisis drills.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Substitute for Senate Bill 130 by the Committee on Ethics, Elections and Local Government—Permitting persons voting an advance ballot to correct a signature deficiency, permitting any county to allow voting at any polling place on election day, establishing June 1 as the filing deadline for municipalities where a primary is not required, providing flexibility for when township officers take the oath of office, providing flexibility for school districts for the election of officers and establishing the schedule for meetings and allowing the question of changing the method of election or voting plan to be held at any primary or general election as well as at a special election.. Description: Substitute for Senate Bill 130 by the Committee on Ethics, Elections and Local Government—Permitting persons voting an advance ballot to correct a signature deficiency, permitting any county to allow voting at any polling place on election day, establishing June 1 as the filing deadline for municipalities where a primary is not required, providing flexibility for when township officers take the oath of office, providing flexibility for school districts for the election of officers and establishing the schedule for meetings and allowing the question of changing the method of election or voting plan to be held at any primary or general election as well as at a special election.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 142 by House Committee on K-12 Education Budget - Authorizing the state board of education to grant waivers for school districts from the requirement to provide a minimum number of school hours during the school term.. Description: House Substitute for SB 142 by House Committee on K-12 Education Budget - Authorizing the state board of education to grant waivers for school districts from the requirement to provide a minimum number of school hours during the school term.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Cemetery district territory deannexed from the territory of Valley Center.. Description: Cemetery district territory deannexed from the territory of Valley Center.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 173 by Committee on Appropriations - Providing for the Eisenhower legacy transportation plan.. Description: House Substitute for SB 173 by Committee on Appropriations - Providing for the Eisenhower legacy transportation plan.
In 2019, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Making amendments to behavioral sciences regulatory board licensing for certain professions.. Description: Making amendments to behavioral sciences regulatory board licensing for certain professions.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Creating the AO-K to work program that allows certain adults to earn high school equivalency credentials by participating in career pathway oriented postsecondary classes.. Description: Creating the AO-K to work program that allows certain adults to earn high school equivalency credentials by participating in career pathway oriented postsecondary classes.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Allowing water rights that were certified after 2009 to be placed in multi-year flex accounts.. Description: Allowing water rights that were certified after 2009 to be placed in multi-year flex accounts.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 271 by Committee on Education - Creating the students' right to know act to disseminate information on postsecondary education; providing specific curriculum guidance for civics instruction.. Description: House Substitute for SB 271 by Committee on Education - Creating the students' right to know act to disseminate information on postsecondary education; providing specific curriculum guidance for civics instruction.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Eligibility requirements for restricted driving privileges and exclusion from the additional 90-day wait period.. Description: Eligibility requirements for restricted driving privileges and exclusion from the additional 90-day wait period.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying the authority of healing arts school clinics to provide healing arts services.. Description: Clarifying the authority of healing arts school clinics to provide healing arts services.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Providing motor vehicle disability placards for school districts, interlocal cooperatives, postsecondary educational institutions and department for aging and disability services institutions.. Description: Providing motor vehicle disability placards for school districts, interlocal cooperatives, postsecondary educational institutions and department for aging and disability services institutions.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: House Substitute for SB 285 by Committee on Agriculture - Amending the Kansas storage tank act to extend the sunsets of certain funds and increase certain reimbursement amounts.. Description: House Substitute for SB 285 by Committee on Agriculture - Amending the Kansas storage tank act to extend the sunsets of certain funds and increase certain reimbursement amounts.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Updating the version of risk-based capital instructions in effect.. Description: Updating the version of risk-based capital instructions in effect.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Updating how the securities commissioner may be appointed and removed.. Description: Updating how the securities commissioner may be appointed and removed.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Granting the commissioner of insurance flexibility in assessing certain excess lines coverage penalties.. Description: Granting the commissioner of insurance flexibility in assessing certain excess lines coverage penalties.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a process by which a reciprocal may convert to into a mutual insurance company.. Description: Establishing a process by which a reciprocal may convert to into a mutual insurance company.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the bond amount required for a vehicle dealer license.. Description: Increasing the bond amount required for a vehicle dealer license.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Exempting motor vehicle odometer reading recording requirements when such recording requirements are exempted by federal law.. Description: Exempting motor vehicle odometer reading recording requirements when such recording requirements are exempted by federal law.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the age for eligibility to renew drivers' licenses online to 65.. Description: Increasing the age for eligibility to renew drivers' licenses online to 65.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Amending the private and out-of-state postsecondary educational institution act clarify the state board of regents' authority and provide additional student protections and institutional accountability.. Description: Amending the private and out-of-state postsecondary educational institution act clarify the state board of regents' authority and provide additional student protections and institutional accountability.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Modifying the crimes of selling sexual relations, promoting the sale of sexual relations and buying sexual relations by changing terminology from "sexual relations" to "a sex act.". Description: Modifying the crimes of selling sexual relations, promoting the sale of sexual relations and buying sexual relations by changing terminology from "sexual relations" to "a sex act."
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Amending the capital improvement state aid schedule to exclude U.S.D. No. 207, Fort Leavenworth, and the students enrolled in a virtual school offered by a school district.. Description: Amending the capital improvement state aid schedule to exclude U.S.D. No. 207, Fort Leavenworth, and the students enrolled in a virtual school offered by a school district.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Requiring a Kansas foster care children annual academic report card.. Description: Requiring a Kansas foster care children annual academic report card.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Amendments related to driving under the influence concerning motorized bicycle drivers' licenses, ignition interlock devices and driving under the influence by any person less than 21 years of age.. Description: Amendments related to driving under the influence concerning motorized bicycle drivers' licenses, ignition interlock devices and driving under the influence by any person less than 21 years of age.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Requiring registration as a sex offender for certain violations of the crime of breach of privacy.. Description: Requiring registration as a sex offender for certain violations of the crime of breach of privacy.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Assignment of seats in the House of Representatives, 2019 session.. Description: Assignment of seats in the House of Representatives, 2019 session.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Temporary rules of the House of Representatives for the 2019 session.. Description: Temporary rules of the House of Representatives for the 2019 session.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Permanent rules of the House of Representatives for the 2019-2020 biennium.. Description: Permanent rules of the House of Representatives for the 2019-2020 biennium.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2019 Kansas teacher of the year team.. Description: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2019 Kansas teacher of the year team.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring Jacob Klemz of Washburn University men's cross country team.. Description: Honoring Jacob Klemz of Washburn University men's cross country team.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending Angela Hamilton of Sedgwick County EMS.. Description: Congratulating and commending Angela Hamilton of Sedgwick County EMS.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending 2018 Milken Educator Award winner Linda Dishman.. Description: Congratulating and commending 2018 Milken Educator Award winner Linda Dishman.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the Kansas Farm Bureau.. Description: Honoring the Kansas Farm Bureau.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 7, 2019, as JAG-K day at the capitol.. Description: Recognizing February 7, 2019, as JAG-K day at the capitol.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring Washburn Rural high school.. Description: Honoring Washburn Rural high school.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the 150th anniversary of Lindsborg, Kansas.. Description: Honoring the 150th anniversary of Lindsborg, Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: A resolution strengthening the sister-state relations between Kansas and Taiwan.. Description: A resolution strengthening the sister-state relations between Kansas and Taiwan.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing International Women's Day.. Description: Recognizing International Women's Day.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 20, 2019, as Kick Butts Day.. Description: Recognizing March 20, 2019, as Kick Butts Day.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Kansas Small Business Development Center's 2019 Businesses of the Year.. Description: Recognizing the Kansas Small Business Development Center's 2019 Businesses of the Year.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the 100th anniversary of the American Legion and its posts and members in Kansas.. Description: Honoring the 100th anniversary of the American Legion and its posts and members in Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requesting the federal government address water issues in the Arkansas River basis.. Description: Requesting the federal government address water issues in the Arkansas River basis.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Storytime Village, Inc. for its work in giving young Kansas children the opportunity for a better future through its literacy programs.. Description: Recognizing Storytime Village, Inc. for its work in giving young Kansas children the opportunity for a better future through its literacy programs.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Assignment of seats in the house of representatives, changes, 2019 session.. Description: Assignment of seats in the house of representatives, changes, 2019 session.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing World Down Syndrome Day in Kansas.. Description: Recognizing World Down Syndrome Day in Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring Korean War veterans from Kansas.. Description: Honoring Korean War veterans from Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing national service recognition day at the capitol.. Description: Recognizing national service recognition day at the capitol.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Rick Riggs' service to the State of Kansas.. Description: Recognizing Rick Riggs' service to the State of Kansas.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives in 2020.. Description: Providing for the organization of the House of Representatives in 2020.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the house of representatives for the 2020 session.. Description: Providing for changes in seat assignments in the house of representatives for the 2020 session.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending Wichita as a 2019 All-America City award winner.. Description: Congratulating and commending Wichita as a 2019 All-America City award winner.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2020 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.. Description: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2020 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating January 30, 2020, as Latina Leaders Day at the Capitol.. Description: Designating January 30, 2020, as Latina Leaders Day at the Capitol.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 7, 2020, as Wear Red Day.. Description: Recognizing February 7, 2020, as Wear Red Day.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Disapproving executive reorganization order no. 46 that establishes the Kansas energy office.. Description: Disapproving executive reorganization order no. 46 that establishes the Kansas energy office.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Disapproving executive reorganization order no. 44 that relates to the newly named Kansas department of human services.. Description: Disapproving executive reorganization order no. 44 that relates to the newly named Kansas department of human services.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 100th Anniversary of the League of Women Voters of the United States.. Description: Recognizing the 100th Anniversary of the League of Women Voters of the United States.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing September as Childhood Cancer Awareness Month.. Description: Recognizing September as Childhood Cancer Awareness Month.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring Agent Orange victims.. Description: Honoring Agent Orange victims.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the week of February 24, 2020, as National Public Schools Week.. Description: Recognizing the week of February 24, 2020, as National Public Schools Week.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the 30th anniversary of the Parents as Teachers program in Kansas.. Description: Honoring the 30th anniversary of the Parents as Teachers program in Kansas.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Kansas Small Business Development Center's 2020 Business of the Year.. Description: Recognizing the Kansas Small Business Development Center's 2020 Business of the Year.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Kansas' celebration of the 100th anniversary of the ratification of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America.. Description: Recognizing Kansas' celebration of the 100th anniversary of the ratification of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Organization of the Senate, 2019 session.. Description: Organization of the Senate, 2019 session.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Assignment of seats in Senate, 2019 session.. Description: Assignment of seats in Senate, 2019 session.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2019 Kansas teacher of the year team.. Description: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2019 Kansas teacher of the year team.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the members of Buhler High School's boys cross country team.. Description: Congratulating and commending the members of Buhler High School's boys cross country team.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending Angela Hamilton of Sedgwick County EMS.. Description: Congratulating and commending Angela Hamilton of Sedgwick County EMS.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Jack Whitson’s dedicated service to Park City.. Description: Recognizing Jack Whitson’s dedicated service to Park City.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 7, 2019, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol.. Description: Recognizing February 7, 2019, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the Kansas Farm Bureau.. Description: Honoring the Kansas Farm Bureau.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending 2018 Milken Educator Award winner Linda Dishman.. Description: Congratulating and commending 2018 Milken Educator Award winner Linda Dishman.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the individuals selected as award-winning educators in Kansas.. Description: Congratulating and commending the individuals selected as award-winning educators in Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Designating Baldwin City as the Quilt Capital of Kansas.. Description: Designating Baldwin City as the Quilt Capital of Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 1–7, 2019, as Resiliency Week in Kansas.. Description: Recognizing September 1–7, 2019, as Resiliency Week in Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring Washburn Rural high school.. Description: Honoring Washburn Rural high school.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the 150th anniversary of Lindsborg, Kansas.. Description: Honoring the 150th anniversary of Lindsborg, Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.. Description: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Kansas Athletic Trainers' Society and the profession of athletic training in Kansas.. Description: Recognizing the Kansas Athletic Trainers' Society and the profession of athletic training in Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending Dr. Kent and Olga Porter for their indomitable commitment and outstanding achievement in the restoration of the historic Stonehaven Farm.. Description: Congratulating and commending Dr. Kent and Olga Porter for their indomitable commitment and outstanding achievement in the restoration of the historic Stonehaven Farm.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Kansas Small Business Development Center's 2019 Businesses of the Year.. Description: Recognizing the Kansas Small Business Development Center's 2019 Businesses of the Year.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the 100th anniversary of the American Legion posts in Kansas.. Description: Honoring the 100th anniversary of the American Legion posts in Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Commemorating Mildred N. McCreight's 100th birthday.. Description: Commemorating Mildred N. McCreight's 100th birthday.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending Buhler High School's girls bowling team.. Description: Congratulating and commending Buhler High School's girls bowling team.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Storytime Village, Inc. for its work in giving young Kansas children the opportunity for a better future through its literacy programs.. Description: Recognizing Storytime Village, Inc. for its work in giving young Kansas children the opportunity for a better future through its literacy programs.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the 2019 Kansas Master Teachers.. Description: Congratulating and commending the 2019 Kansas Master Teachers.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the contributions of Altrusa International.. Description: Recognizing the contributions of Altrusa International.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing World Down Syndrome Day in Kansas.. Description: Recognizing World Down Syndrome Day in Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Boys & Girls Clubs across Kansas.. Description: Recognizing the Boys & Girls Clubs across Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Requesting the federal government address water issuess in the Arkansas river basin.. Description: Requesting the federal government address water issuess in the Arkansas river basin.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the Coffeyville Community College women's volleyball team for winning the 2018 NJCAA Division II National Championship.. Description: Congratulating and commending the Coffeyville Community College women's volleyball team for winning the 2018 NJCAA Division II National Championship.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing national service day at the capitol.. Description: Recognizing national service day at the capitol.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the 70th anniversary of the Kansas commission on disability concerns.. Description: Honoring the 70th anniversary of the Kansas commission on disability concerns.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing April as child abuse prevention month.. Description: Recognizing April as child abuse prevention month.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Merriam Park elementary and the Shawnee Mission school district's health partnership school-based clinic.. Description: Recognizing the Merriam Park elementary and the Shawnee Mission school district's health partnership school-based clinic.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the Washburn Rural high school girls basketball team.. Description: Honoring the Washburn Rural high school girls basketball team.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring men and women of the prince hall shriners.. Description: Honoring men and women of the prince hall shriners.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring men and women of the prince hall masons.. Description: Honoring men and women of the prince hall masons.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: honoring the 125th anniversary of Goodwill of Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas.. Description: honoring the 125th anniversary of Goodwill of Western Missouri and Eastern Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the Olathe Northwest High School Raven Dance Team for winning the 2019 National Dance Alliance high school national championship.. Description: Congratulating and commending the Olathe Northwest High School Raven Dance Team for winning the 2019 National Dance Alliance high school national championship.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring William Noble. Description: Honoring William Noble
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Tom Hedrick and his sports broadcasting career.. Description: Recognizing Tom Hedrick and his sports broadcasting career.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Rick Riggs' service to the State of Kansas.. Description: Recognizing Rick Riggs' service to the State of Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Raney L. Gilliland for his many years of service and dedication to the State of Kansas.. Description: Recognizing Raney L. Gilliland for his many years of service and dedication to the State of Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the 150th anniversary of Abilene, Kansas.. Description: Honoring the 150th anniversary of Abilene, Kansas.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the organization of the Senate in 2020.. Description: Providing for the organization of the Senate in 2020.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Change in assignment of seats in Senate during 2020 legislative session.. Description: Change in assignment of seats in Senate during 2020 legislative session.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Roy'ale Foundation.. Description: Recognizing the Roy'ale Foundation.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending Buhler High School's girls golf team.. Description: Congratulating and commending Buhler High School's girls golf team.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending Buhler High Schools boys cross country team.. Description: Congratulating and commending Buhler High Schools boys cross country team.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending Buhler High School girls cross country team.. Description: Congratulating and commending Buhler High School girls cross country team.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2020 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.. Description: Congratulating and commending the members of the 2020 Kansas Teacher of the Year team.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Dolores Huerta as an American civil rights and labor leader.. Description: Recognizing Dolores Huerta as an American civil rights and labor leader.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Wichita police department's homeless outreach team.. Description: Recognizing the Wichita police department's homeless outreach team.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 7, 2020, as Wear Red Day.. Description: Recognizing February 7, 2020, as Wear Red Day.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Congratulating and commending the individuals who have been selected as award-winning educators in Kansas.. Description: Congratulating and commending the individuals who have been selected as award-winning educators in Kansas.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: A resolution recognizing February 11, 2020, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol.. Description: A resolution recognizing February 11, 2020, as JAG-K Day at the Capitol.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing Black Legislative Day at the Capitol.. Description: Recognizing Black Legislative Day at the Capitol.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.. Description: Recognizing the members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the 100th Anniversary of the League of Women Voters of the United States.. Description: Recognizing the 100th Anniversary of the League of Women Voters of the United States.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring Agent Orange victims.. Description: Honoring Agent Orange victims.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: A resolution recognizing the week of February 24 , 2020, as National Public Schools Week.. Description: A resolution recognizing the week of February 24 , 2020, as National Public Schools Week.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Honoring the 30th anniversary of the Parents as Teachers program in Kansas.. Description: Honoring the 30th anniversary of the Parents as Teachers program in Kansas.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Recognizing the Kansas Small Business Development Center's 2020 Business of the Year.. Description: Recognizing the Kansas Small Business Development Center's 2020 Business of the Year.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Supporting the extension of Amtrak passenger rail service between Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and Newton, Kansas.. Description: Supporting the extension of Amtrak passenger rail service between Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and Newton, Kansas.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Joint session of the House of Representative and Senate to hear message of the Governor.. Description: Joint session of the House of Representative and Senate to hear message of the Governor.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2019 regular session of the Legislature.. Description: Adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2019 regular session of the Legislature.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adjournment of the 2019 regular session of the legislature and authority for Senate to meet prior to sine die adjournment under certain circumstances.. Description: Adjournment of the 2019 regular session of the legislature and authority for Senate to meet prior to sine die adjournment under certain circumstances.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Ratifying and providing for continuation of the May 9, 2019, state of disaster emergency declaration for certain Kansas counties.. Description: Ratifying and providing for continuation of the May 9, 2019, state of disaster emergency declaration for certain Kansas counties.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the appointment of a committee to inform the governor that the two houses of the legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.. Description: Providing for the appointment of a committee to inform the governor that the two houses of the legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for a joint session of the House of Representatives and Senate to hear a message from the Governor.. Description: Providing for a joint session of the House of Representatives and Senate to hear a message from the Governor.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2020 regular session of the Legislature.. Description: Providing for the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2020 regular session of the Legislature.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Ratifying and providing the continuation of the March 12, 2020, state of disaster emergency declaration for the state of Kansas, subject to limitations.. Description: Ratifying and providing the continuation of the March 12, 2020, state of disaster emergency declaration for the state of Kansas, subject to limitations.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Appointment of committee to inform the Governor that the two House of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.. Description: Appointment of committee to inform the Governor that the two House of the Legislature are organized and ready to receive communications.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Joint rules for the Senate and House of Representatives, 2019-2020 biennium.. Description: Joint rules for the Senate and House of Representatives, 2019-2020 biennium.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment; reapportionment, deleting requirement for adjustment of census data for military personnel and students.. Description: Constitutional amendment; reapportionment, deleting requirement for adjustment of census data for military personnel and students.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Condemning the reproductive health act of New York.. Description: Condemning the reproductive health act of New York.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: First adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2019 regular session of the Legislature.. Description: First adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2019 regular session of the Legislature.
In 2019, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adjournment of 2019 Legislature until May 1, 2019.. Description: Adjournment of 2019 Legislature until May 1, 2019.
In 2020, Kansas engrossed a bill titled: Amending the bill of rights of the constitution of the state of Kansas to reserve to the people the right to regulate abortion through their elected state representatives and senators.. Description: Amending the bill of rights of the constitution of the state of Kansas to reserve to the people the right to regulate abortion through their elected state representatives and senators.
In 2020, Kansas passed a bill titled: Adjournment of the Senate and the House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2020 regular session of the Legislature; extending such session beyond 90 calendar days.. Description: Adjournment of the Senate and the House of Representatives for a period of time during the 2020 regular session of the Legislature; extending such session beyond 90 calendar days.
