Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Louisiana:
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to occupations and professions. Description: Provides relative to occupations and professions
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for pharmacy record audits. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for pharmacy record audits. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the "Mystic Krewe of Femme Fatale" specialty license plate. Description: Creates the "Mystic Krewe of Femme Fatale" specialty license plate
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for a flat rate for purposes of calculating income tax for individuals, estates, and trusts, increases the standard deduction, and modifies or repeals certain income tax deductions and credits (Item #5 and 6) (RE1 DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for a flat rate for purposes of calculating income tax for individuals, estates, and trusts, increases the standard deduction, and modifies or repeals certain income tax deductions and credits (Item #5 and 6) (RE1 DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a flat rate for purposes of calculating corporate income tax and terminates certain corporate income tax exemptions, deductions, and credits (Item #4) (EN SEE FISC NOTE RV See Note). Description: Provides for a flat rate for purposes of calculating corporate income tax and terminates certain corporate income tax exemptions, deductions, and credits (Item #4) (EN SEE FISC NOTE RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals the corporation franchise tax and limits eligibility of certain credits to be claimed against corporation franchise tax (Item #3) (EN -$574,000,000 RV See Note). Description: Repeals the corporation franchise tax and limits eligibility of certain credits to be claimed against corporation franchise tax (Item #3) (EN -$574,000,000 RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2024-2025 (Items #18, 21, and 23). Description: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2024-2025 (Items #18, 21, and 23)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires school systems to provide a salary increase for teachers and other school employees using savings attributable to the state's payment of certain unfunded accrued liability of the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana (Item #2) (EN GF EX See Note). Description: Requires school systems to provide a salary increase for teachers and other school employees using savings attributable to the state's payment of certain unfunded accrued liability of the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana (Item #2) (EN GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Calls a special statewide election on March 29, 2025, for submitting proposed constitutional amendments to the state's electors (Item #22) (EN +$3,281,010 GF EX See Note). Description: Calls a special statewide election on March 29, 2025, for submitting proposed constitutional amendments to the state's electors (Item #22) (EN +$3,281,010 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Revises Article VII of the Constitution of La. (Items #1, 2, 7, and 14) (EN DECREASE RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Revises Article VII of the Constitution of La. (Items #1, 2, 7, and 14) (EN DECREASE RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Levies sales and use taxes on certain digital products and services (Items #8 and 13) (EN +$37,000,000 RV See Note). Description: Levies sales and use taxes on certain digital products and services (Items #8 and 13) (EN +$37,000,000 RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to horizontal well exemption (Item #9) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to horizontal well exemption (Item #9) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the rate of the state sales and use tax and for exemptions, exclusions, credits, and rebates claimed against sales and use taxes; and provides for a flat rate of income tax for individuals, estates, and trusts, increases the standard deduction, and modifies or repeals certain income tax deductions and credits (Items #5, 6, and 8) (EN SEE FISC NOTE RV See Note). Description: Provides for the rate of the state sales and use tax and for exemptions, exclusions, credits, and rebates claimed against sales and use taxes; and provides for a flat rate of income tax for individuals, estates, and trusts, increases the standard deduction, and modifies or repeals certain income tax deductions and credits (Items #5, 6, and 8) (EN SEE FISC NOTE RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the homestead exemption, special assessment level, and other property tax exemptions for purposes of determining ad valorem taxation of certain property (Items #1 and 10) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the homestead exemption, special assessment level, and other property tax exemptions for purposes of determining ad valorem taxation of certain property (Items #1 and 10) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Relative to finances of the state (Items #16 and 21) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Relative to finances of the state (Items #16 and 21) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Limits the amount of money that may be appropriated in a fiscal year (Item #14) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Limits the amount of money that may be appropriated in a fiscal year (Item #14) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the secretary of the Department of Revenue to annually estimate revenue derived from aviation fuel collections (Items #8 and 11) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Requires the secretary of the Department of Revenue to annually estimate revenue derived from aviation fuel collections (Items #8 and 11) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the administration of the Oilfield Site Restoration Fund (Item #16) (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for the administration of the Oilfield Site Restoration Fund (Item #16) (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the leasing of state property for energy-related purposes (Item #17) (EN +$38,175 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for the leasing of state property for energy-related purposes (Item #17) (EN +$38,175 SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to evidentiary presumptions in personal injury claims. Description: Provides relative to evidentiary presumptions in personal injury claims
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to provide for jurisdiction of courts. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (Item #20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Constitutional amendment to provide for jurisdiction of courts. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (Item #20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to provide relative to offenses to which special juvenile procedures are not applicable. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (Item #19) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Constitutional amendment to provide relative to offenses to which special juvenile procedures are not applicable. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (Item #19) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to provide for elections to fill newly-created judgeships and judicial vacancies and for exceptions as to courts of limited or specialized jurisdictions. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (Item #20) (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Constitutional amendment to provide for elections to fill newly-created judgeships and judicial vacancies and for exceptions as to courts of limited or specialized jurisdictions. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (Item #20) (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for legislative continuances and extensions of time for legislators and legislative employees. (Item #20) (gov sig). Description: Provides for legislative continuances and extensions of time for legislators and legislative employees. (Item #20) (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for legislative continuances and extensions of time for legislators and legislative employees. (Item #20) (gov sig). Description: Provides for legislative continuances and extensions of time for legislators and legislative employees. (Item #20) (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened or organized and is prepared to transact business.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened or organized and is prepared to transact business.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Wednesday, November 6, 2024, at 3:45 p.m.. Description: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Wednesday, November 6, 2024, at 3:45 p.m.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the ordinary operating expenses of state government for Fiscal Year 2024-2025. Description: Provides for the ordinary operating expenses of state government for Fiscal Year 2024-2025
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the comprehensive Capital Outlay budget. Description: Provides for the comprehensive Capital Outlay budget
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Omnibus Bond Act. Description: Provides for the Omnibus Bond Act
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an increase in wireless service charges for 911 services provided by the Terrebonne Parish Communications District (EN +$588,000 LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for an increase in wireless service charges for 911 services provided by the Terrebonne Parish Communications District (EN +$588,000 LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to types of payment accepted at public events at public postsecondary education institutions (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV). Description: Provides relative to types of payment accepted at public events at public postsecondary education institutions (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the board of the South Cameron Consolidated Waterworks District No. 1 in Cameron Parish. Description: Provides relative to the board of the South Cameron Consolidated Waterworks District No. 1 in Cameron Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits the use of an appeals process for certain students who fail to pass state-administered tests required for high school graduation. Description: Prohibits the use of an appeals process for certain students who fail to pass state-administered tests required for high school graduation
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for survivor benefits of members of the District Attorneys' Retirement System (RE NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides for survivor benefits of members of the District Attorneys' Retirement System (RE NO IMPACT APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to interest on investment accounts maintained by the board of trustees of the District Attorneys' Retirement System (EN DECREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to interest on investment accounts maintained by the board of trustees of the District Attorneys' Retirement System (EN DECREASE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of nonconsensual disclosure of a private image. Description: Provides relative to the crime of nonconsensual disclosure of a private image
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN +$16,600 FC SG EX). Description: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN +$16,600 FC SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the reemployment of retired police officers of the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides for the reemployment of retired police officers of the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes service of process by commercial courier. Description: Authorizes service of process by commercial courier
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the prescription of actions for violation of building restrictions. Description: Provides relative to the prescription of actions for violation of building restrictions
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for liability relative to experimental or emergency use vaccinations (RE NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for liability relative to experimental or emergency use vaccinations (RE NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the jury commission for Red River Parish. Description: Provides relative to the jury commission for Red River Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes service of process by commercial courier. Description: Authorizes service of process by commercial courier
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to benefits of the Clerks' of Court Retirement and Relief Fund (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides relative to benefits of the Clerks' of Court Retirement and Relief Fund (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the optional retirement plan and defined benefit plan for the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana (EN SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE APV). Description: Provides relative to the optional retirement plan and defined benefit plan for the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana (EN SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the reemployment of retired bus drivers of the Louisiana School Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to the reemployment of retired bus drivers of the Louisiana School Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN +$21,235 FC SG EX). Description: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN +$21,235 FC SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to contributions to and the administration of the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE APV). Description: Provides relative to contributions to and the administration of the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the certification of Montessori teachers. Description: Provides relative to the certification of Montessori teachers
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that no person shall be required to receive a COVID-19 vaccine as a condition of enrollment or attendance at any public or nonpublic school. Description: Provides that no person shall be required to receive a COVID-19 vaccine as a condition of enrollment or attendance at any public or nonpublic school
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires that communication issued about immunization requirements include exemption information and applies exemptions not only to students seeking to enter school but also to students attending school. Description: Requires that communication issued about immunization requirements include exemption information and applies exemptions not only to students seeking to enter school but also to students attending school
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to requirements for enactment of appropriations. Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to requirements for enactment of appropriations
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for the limited extension of regular sessions for specific purposes (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for the limited extension of regular sessions for specific purposes (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the qualifications for the office of police chief in the village of Pine Prairie. Description: Provides for the qualifications for the office of police chief in the village of Pine Prairie
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the fees for the Alexandria City Marshal in criminal matters. Description: Increases the fees for the Alexandria City Marshal in criminal matters
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Act No. 470 of the 2022 Regular Session as "The Jean and Elise Act". Description: Designates Act No. 470 of the 2022 Regular Session as "The Jean and Elise Act"
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to simple burglary. Description: Provides relative to simple burglary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Council on Peace Officer Standards and Training. Description: Provides relative to the Council on Peace Officer Standards and Training
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the unauthorized use of sperm, ovum, or embryo. Description: Provides relative to the unauthorized use of sperm, ovum, or embryo
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to National Guard death and disability benefits (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to National Guard death and disability benefits (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits the retail sale of nitrous oxide. Description: Prohibits the retail sale of nitrous oxide
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the certification by the Council on Peace Officer Standards and Training of the New Orleans inspector general and his investigators. Description: Provides for the certification by the Council on Peace Officer Standards and Training of the New Orleans inspector general and his investigators
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides an exception to the crime of illegal carrying of weapons for certain persons. Description: Provides an exception to the crime of illegal carrying of weapons for certain persons
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the display of the Ten Commandments in schools. Description: Requires the display of the Ten Commandments in schools
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to filing financial disclosure statements after qualifying for office. Description: Provides relative to filing financial disclosure statements after qualifying for office
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the jury commission for the parishes of Ascension, Assumption, and St. James. Description: Provides relative to the jury commission for the parishes of Ascension, Assumption, and St. James
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides qualifications for title insurance producers. Description: Provides qualifications for title insurance producers
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the disposition of certain local sales and use taxes at the Angola State Penitentiary Prison Rodeo (EN -$23,460 LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the disposition of certain local sales and use taxes at the Angola State Penitentiary Prison Rodeo (EN -$23,460 LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes initial proposals for charter schools with corporate partners to be made to the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education as Type 2 charter school proposals (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Authorizes initial proposals for charter schools with corporate partners to be made to the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education as Type 2 charter school proposals (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of solicitation on certain highways and streets. Description: Provides relative to the crime of solicitation on certain highways and streets
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes transportation network companies to provide nonemergency medical transportation services through the state Medicaid program (EN GF EX See Note). Description: Authorizes transportation network companies to provide nonemergency medical transportation services through the state Medicaid program (EN GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fees collected by the Louisiana Board of Chiropractic Examiners (EN +$138,250 SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to fees collected by the Louisiana Board of Chiropractic Examiners (EN +$138,250 SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the state health officer to require commercial body art facilities to disclose regulatory status and health risks posed by certain body art products and services. Description: Requires the state health officer to require commercial body art facilities to disclose regulatory status and health risks posed by certain body art products and services
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to liability arising from COVID-19 vaccinations. Description: Provides relative to liability arising from COVID-19 vaccinations
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for venue for actions involving certain insurers. Description: Provides for venue for actions involving certain insurers
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the number of employees in the registrar of voters office in certain parishes (EN +$522,132 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the number of employees in the registrar of voters office in certain parishes (EN +$522,132 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Act No. 460 of the 2023 Regular Session as "The Remy Mann Act". Description: Designates Act No. 460 of the 2023 Regular Session as "The Remy Mann Act"
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to access to birth certificates (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to access to birth certificates (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to birth certificates and state identification for children leaving custody of the office of juvenile justice (EN +$7,001 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to birth certificates and state identification for children leaving custody of the office of juvenile justice (EN +$7,001 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the use of a consent agenda by certain school boards and parish governing authorities. Description: Provides for the use of a consent agenda by certain school boards and parish governing authorities
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to contradictory bail hearings for certain persons (EG INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to contradictory bail hearings for certain persons (EG INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to jurisdiction of city and parish courts over eviction proceedings. Description: Provides relative to jurisdiction of city and parish courts over eviction proceedings
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates an Employee Insurance Fund for the LaSalle Parish Sheriff's Office. Description: Creates an Employee Insurance Fund for the LaSalle Parish Sheriff's Office
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires certain public bodies to broadcast meetings live via television or the internet (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Requires certain public bodies to broadcast meetings live via television or the internet (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals certain reporting requirements from the district courts to the judicial administrator of the supreme court (EN -$218,000 RV See Note). Description: Repeals certain reporting requirements from the district courts to the judicial administrator of the supreme court (EN -$218,000 RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows a public servant and related persons to obtain advertisements from a governmental entity subject to the same terms and conditions available to similarly situated members of the public. Description: Allows a public servant and related persons to obtain advertisements from a governmental entity subject to the same terms and conditions available to similarly situated members of the public
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the assessment of penalties on lobbyists for failure to timely file required reports (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the assessment of penalties on lobbyists for failure to timely file required reports (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits certain types of discipline of students in elementary and secondary schools. Description: Prohibits certain types of discipline of students in elementary and secondary schools
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the review of agency rules (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the review of agency rules (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the consideration of student achievement in literacy and math in the evaluation of local school superintendents. Description: Provides for the consideration of student achievement in literacy and math in the evaluation of local school superintendents
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that public institutions of postsecondary education furnish public records without charge to student media organizations affiliated with the institution (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Provides that public institutions of postsecondary education furnish public records without charge to student media organizations affiliated with the institution (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an expanded annual canvass of registered voters (EN +$336,108 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for an expanded annual canvass of registered voters (EN +$336,108 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain pre-dispute arbitration agreements in the workplace. Description: Provides relative to certain pre-dispute arbitration agreements in the workplace
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the duration of unemployment compensation benefits and provides for extended benefits (EN +$81,550 FF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the duration of unemployment compensation benefits and provides for extended benefits (EN +$81,550 FF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals the termination date relative to the Louisiana Fortify Homes Program (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Repeals the termination date relative to the Louisiana Fortify Homes Program (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of certain names and pronouns for students. Description: Provides relative to the use of certain names and pronouns for students
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to discussion of sexual orientation and gender identity in public schools. Description: Provides relative to discussion of sexual orientation and gender identity in public schools
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for consent of a legal representative of a minor who contracts with certain parties. Description: Provides for consent of a legal representative of a minor who contracts with certain parties
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the prospective and retroactive application of the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act. Description: Provides for the prospective and retroactive application of the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the penalties for battery of a bus operator (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to the penalties for battery of a bus operator (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the penalties for the crime of simple obstruction of a highway of commerce (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Provides relative to the penalties for the crime of simple obstruction of a highway of commerce (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to possession of a firearm by a felon (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to possession of a firearm by a felon (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of molestation of a juvenile (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Provides relative to the crime of molestation of a juvenile (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for payment of horse racing purses. Description: Provides for payment of horse racing purses
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the regulation of fuel used in agricultural machinery and fishery equipment. Description: Provides relative to the regulation of fuel used in agricultural machinery and fishery equipment
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of Highway 175 in Mansfield, Louisiana, in DeSoto Parish as the "Jerius Marshall Highway" and a portion of Highway 133 in Start, Louisiana, in Richland Parish as the "Luke Letlow Memorial Highway". Description: Designates a portion of Highway 175 in Mansfield, Louisiana, in DeSoto Parish as the "Jerius Marshall Highway" and a portion of Highway 133 in Start, Louisiana, in Richland Parish as the "Luke Letlow Memorial Highway"
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Children's Cabinet Advisory Board. Description: Provides relative to the Children's Cabinet Advisory Board
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of nonconsensual disclosure of a private image (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the crime of nonconsensual disclosure of a private image (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to proof of disability requirements for an airport parking exemption for disabled veterans. Description: Provides relative to proof of disability requirements for an airport parking exemption for disabled veterans
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the abolition of the office of police chief in the town of Martin. Description: Provides for the abolition of the office of police chief in the town of Martin
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the term of certain lease agreements entered into by the Iberia Economic Development Authority. Description: Provides for the term of certain lease agreements entered into by the Iberia Economic Development Authority
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the state superintendent to provide for a chief operating officer to make recommendations relative to the financial practices of local school systems failing to comply with the MFP's minimum instructional expenditure requirement (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Authorizes the state superintendent to provide for a chief operating officer to make recommendations relative to the financial practices of local school systems failing to comply with the MFP's minimum instructional expenditure requirement (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits issuance of property insurance policies relative to unimproved land and replacement costs of improvements on immovable property. Description: Prohibits issuance of property insurance policies relative to unimproved land and replacement costs of improvements on immovable property
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to group health insurance coverage for retired employees of the Sabine Parish District Attorney's Office (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to group health insurance coverage for retired employees of the Sabine Parish District Attorney's Office (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to board appointments for the Sabine River Authority. Description: Provides relative to board appointments for the Sabine River Authority
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to administrative adjudication procedures in the city of Slidell. Description: Provides relative to administrative adjudication procedures in the city of Slidell
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Removes certain restrictions on the disposal of immovable property by the governing authority of Slidell. Description: Removes certain restrictions on the disposal of immovable property by the governing authority of Slidell
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the sale of certain alcoholic beverages in the town of Winnsboro. Description: Provides for the sale of certain alcoholic beverages in the town of Winnsboro
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Delta Agriculture Research and Sustainability District. Description: Provides relative to the Delta Agriculture Research and Sustainability District
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the membership of the board of commissioners of the North Lafourche Conservation, Levee and Drainage District. Description: Provides for the membership of the board of commissioners of the North Lafourche Conservation, Levee and Drainage District
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a Community Development District in St. Tammany Parish. Description: Provides relative to a Community Development District in St. Tammany Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to special education (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to special education (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for expired and inactive real estate license requirements. Description: Provides for expired and inactive real estate license requirements
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for fair claims processing. (7/1/24). Description: Provides for fair claims processing. (7/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires a recreation or meal period for minors under sixteen years of age. Description: Requires a recreation or meal period for minors under sixteen years of age
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to nondisclosure agreements. Description: Provides relative to nondisclosure agreements
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an increase in membership to the investment advisory board of the Cameron Parish Sheriff's Office. Description: Provides for an increase in membership to the investment advisory board of the Cameron Parish Sheriff's Office
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to marijuana paraphernalia (EN DECREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to marijuana paraphernalia (EN DECREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to penalties for a person convicted of a sex offense (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to penalties for a person convicted of a sex offense (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to penalties for unlawful use of an unmanned aircraft system. Description: Provides relative to penalties for unlawful use of an unmanned aircraft system
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to liability and damages resulting from carbon sequestration. Description: Provides relative to liability and damages resulting from carbon sequestration
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to disclosure and remittance of revenues in excess of certain contractual amounts in certain circumstances for certain contractors with the state's Office of Group Benefits (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV). Description: Provides relative to disclosure and remittance of revenues in excess of certain contractual amounts in certain circumstances for certain contractors with the state's Office of Group Benefits (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of approaching a peace officer lawfully engaged in law enforcement duties (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Creates the crime of approaching a peace officer lawfully engaged in law enforcement duties (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to disciplinary proceedings for students and student organizations at public postsecondary education institutions. Description: Provides relative to disciplinary proceedings for students and student organizations at public postsecondary education institutions
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the unlawful posting of criminal activity for notoriety and publicity. Description: Provides relative to the unlawful posting of criminal activity for notoriety and publicity
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the membership of gravity drainage district boards of commissioners in Ascension Parish. Description: Provides for the membership of gravity drainage district boards of commissioners in Ascension Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Ferriday Downtown Entertainment District. Description: Creates the Ferriday Downtown Entertainment District
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of New Roads Public Housing Authority. Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of New Roads Public Housing Authority
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to police services in the village of Calvin. Description: Provides relative to police services in the village of Calvin
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for creation of Castle Manor Security and Improvement District in New Orleans. Description: Provides for creation of Castle Manor Security and Improvement District in New Orleans
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to maximum penalties for violations of ordinances in Jefferson Parish. Description: Provides relative to maximum penalties for violations of ordinances in Jefferson Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the classified police service in the city of Kenner. Description: Provides relative to the classified police service in the city of Kenner
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires local elected school board members to meet certain criteria prior to qualifying. Description: Requires local elected school board members to meet certain criteria prior to qualifying
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for civilian investigators to oversee taped statements of protected persons. Description: Provides for civilian investigators to oversee taped statements of protected persons
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Early Childhood Care and Education Commission. Description: Provides relative to the Early Childhood Care and Education Commission
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Louisiana Department of Health. Description: Re-creates the Louisiana Department of Health
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the transfer of a prescription or prescription information for controlled substances between pharmacies in conformance with federal regulations. Description: Authorizes the transfer of a prescription or prescription information for controlled substances between pharmacies in conformance with federal regulations
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the re-creation of the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism. Description: Provides relative to the re-creation of the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to past payments of workers' compensation premiums. Description: Provides relative to past payments of workers' compensation premiums
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits execution of any procurement contract that would cause the total number of all-electric vehicles in the state fleet to exceed three percent (EG SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Prohibits execution of any procurement contract that would cause the total number of all-electric vehicles in the state fleet to exceed three percent (EG SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of theft of USPS mail (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Creates the crime of theft of USPS mail (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds substances to the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substances Law. Description: Adds substances to the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substances Law
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the definition of the crime of racketeering (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides for the definition of the crime of racketeering (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the commitment of certain persons who are found not guilty by reason of insanity (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the commitment of certain persons who are found not guilty by reason of insanity (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to additional penalties for certain domestic violence offenses (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to additional penalties for certain domestic violence offenses (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Anti-Skimming Act. Description: Provides relative to the Anti-Skimming Act
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to notification procedures in certain circumstances. Description: Provides relative to notification procedures in certain circumstances
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of negligent homicide (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to the crime of negligent homicide (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to monetary instrument abuse (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to monetary instrument abuse (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the classified police service in Morgan City. Description: Provides relative to the classified police service in Morgan City
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes Caddo Parish Fire District No. Four to levy a sales and use tax. Description: Authorizes Caddo Parish Fire District No. Four to levy a sales and use tax
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for publication of polling locations (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides for publication of polling locations (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to recall petitions (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to recall petitions (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits ownership of any animal by a person who has been convicted of cruelty to animals. Description: Prohibits ownership of any animal by a person who has been convicted of cruelty to animals
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Tall Timbers Crime Prevention and Improvement District in New Orleans. Description: Creates the Tall Timbers Crime Prevention and Improvement District in New Orleans
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the penalties for public bribery (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Increases the penalties for public bribery (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for continuous revisions relative to civil procedure. Description: Provides for continuous revisions relative to civil procedure
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to changes for post conviction relief procedures. Description: Provides relative to changes for post conviction relief procedures
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to warranty for negotiable instruments and depository and collecting banks. Description: Provides relative to warranty for negotiable instruments and depository and collecting banks
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the dollar amount for the exception to public bid law applicable to the purchase of vehicles by local government units. Description: Increases the dollar amount for the exception to public bid law applicable to the purchase of vehicles by local government units
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for evaluations in child custody proceedings (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Provides for evaluations in child custody proceedings (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Faubourg Marigny Security and Improvement District in Orleans Parish. Description: Provides relative to the Faubourg Marigny Security and Improvement District in Orleans Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to agriculture land protection against foreign adversaries (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to agriculture land protection against foreign adversaries (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Weights and Measures Law (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Weights and Measures Law (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expands the purpose of the Steve Carter Literacy Program to include educational services in math (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Expands the purpose of the Steve Carter Literacy Program to include educational services in math (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the municipal civil service system for the city of Zachary. Description: Provides relative to the municipal civil service system for the city of Zachary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to criminal penalties for accepting overpayment of unemployment benefits. Description: Provides relative to criminal penalties for accepting overpayment of unemployment benefits
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the provision of cardiac health information to student athletes and their parents. Description: Provides relative to the provision of cardiac health information to student athletes and their parents
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to cancer screenings for certain firefighters and fire service employees (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to cancer screenings for certain firefighters and fire service employees (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to examinations and certain adopted handbooks. Description: Provides relative to examinations and certain adopted handbooks
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to appointments to the Shreveport Downtown Development Authority. Description: Provides relative to appointments to the Shreveport Downtown Development Authority
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the classified police service in the city of Leesville. Description: Provides relative to the classified police service in the city of Leesville
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides penalties for failure to comply with certain directives issued by the commissioner of insurance (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides penalties for failure to comply with certain directives issued by the commissioner of insurance (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Reduces the severance tax rate for oil over a certain period of time and specifies the severance tax rate for oil produced from certain wells (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Reduces the severance tax rate for oil over a certain period of time and specifies the severance tax rate for oil produced from certain wells (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds computer science as a high school graduation requirement and requires teacher preparation programs to include computer science education (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Adds computer science as a high school graduation requirement and requires teacher preparation programs to include computer science education (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to benefits, products, and services by governmental entities. Description: Provides relative to benefits, products, and services by governmental entities
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to core curriculum requirements for initial eligibility for a Taylor Opportunity Program for Students award (RE NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to core curriculum requirements for initial eligibility for a Taylor Opportunity Program for Students award (RE NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to numeracy education to students in kindergarten through third grade (EN +$2,500,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to numeracy education to students in kindergarten through third grade (EN +$2,500,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the confidentiality of certain records. Description: Provides relative to the confidentiality of certain records
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of simple escape while participating in a home incarceration program. Description: Provides relative to the crime of simple escape while participating in a home incarceration program
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the application and fee required by the Orleans Parish assessor for a tax exemption. Description: Provides relative to the application and fee required by the Orleans Parish assessor for a tax exemption
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the parish hospital service district in New Orleans. Description: Provides relative to the parish hospital service district in New Orleans
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Pressburg East Neighborhood Improvement and Security District in New Orleans. Description: Provides relative to the Pressburg East Neighborhood Improvement and Security District in New Orleans
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits smoking in an automobile when a minor is present. Description: Prohibits smoking in an automobile when a minor is present
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a certain portion of Louisiana Highway 383. Description: Designates a certain portion of Louisiana Highway 383
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Removes the ten year lease provision and the associated exceptions for airport facilities. Description: Removes the ten year lease provision and the associated exceptions for airport facilities
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires that a commercial driver's curriculum offered by an educational institution or agency include human trafficking training. Description: Requires that a commercial driver's curriculum offered by an educational institution or agency include human trafficking training
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Agricultural Finance Authority. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Agricultural Finance Authority
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the division of election integrity within the Department of State (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for the division of election integrity within the Department of State (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Revenue Sharing Distribution for Fiscal Year 2024-2025. Description: Provides for the Revenue Sharing Distribution for Fiscal Year 2024-2025
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Shreveport I-20 Economic Development District. Description: Creates the Shreveport I-20 Economic Development District
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries. Description: Re-creates the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to sale of property in Caddo Parish (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to sale of property in Caddo Parish (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the transfer of certain state property in Webster Parish. Description: Provides for the transfer of certain state property in Webster Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to the disposition of funds derived from alternative energy production in the coastal area (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to the disposition of funds derived from alternative energy production in the coastal area (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to cosmetology licensing requirements. Description: Provides relative to cosmetology licensing requirements
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the office of juvenile justice to report if a juvenile is placed in custody for the adjustment of SNAP benefits (EN SEE FISC NOTE). Description: Requires the office of juvenile justice to report if a juvenile is placed in custody for the adjustment of SNAP benefits (EN SEE FISC NOTE)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the disposition of funds derived from alternative energy production in the coastal area (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the disposition of funds derived from alternative energy production in the coastal area (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Shreveport Healthcare and Innovation District. Description: Creates the Shreveport Healthcare and Innovation District
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits discontinuation of cable service without prior notice. Description: Prohibits discontinuation of cable service without prior notice
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to compensation of personnel running charitable gaming events. Description: Provides with respect to compensation of personnel running charitable gaming events
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to employment discrimination against certain employees being treated with medical marijuana. Description: Provides relative to employment discrimination against certain employees being treated with medical marijuana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the ancillary expenses of state government. Description: Provides for the ancillary expenses of state government
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends prescription on tort actions. Description: Extends prescription on tort actions
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to deadlines for financial disclosures required of members and certain employees of the Gaming Control Board and of the gaming enforcement division (RE1 +87,533 FC SG RV). Description: Provides relative to deadlines for financial disclosures required of members and certain employees of the Gaming Control Board and of the gaming enforcement division (RE1 +87,533 FC SG RV)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Removes the helmet requirement for certain motorcycle operators. Description: Removes the helmet requirement for certain motorcycle operators
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the reporting of federal funds and grants or programs to the Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for the reporting of federal funds and grants or programs to the Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to notice of the reason for changes to polling places (EN +$32,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to notice of the reason for changes to polling places (EN +$32,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals certain student instruction and teacher training requirements and authorizes the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to adopt policies requiring the inclusion of certain topics in such instruction and training (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Repeals certain student instruction and teacher training requirements and authorizes the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to adopt policies requiring the inclusion of certain topics in such instruction and training (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to student discipline. Description: Provides relative to student discipline
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a travel allowance for members of the governing authority of East Baton Rouge Parish. Description: Provides relative to a travel allowance for members of the governing authority of East Baton Rouge Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to occupational diseases for the division of state police (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to occupational diseases for the division of state police (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to timber harvesting operations. Description: Provides relative to timber harvesting operations
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the salaries of assistant district attorneys. Description: Provides relative to the salaries of assistant district attorneys
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the Health Care Employment Reinvestment Opportunity (H.E.R.O.) Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE). Description: Provides with respect to the Health Care Employment Reinvestment Opportunity (H.E.R.O.) Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the Louisiana Sickle Cell Commission. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the Louisiana Sickle Cell Commission
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the Orleans Parish School Board to be notified of certain agreements that affect property taxes levied in Orleans Parish. Description: Requires the Orleans Parish School Board to be notified of certain agreements that affect property taxes levied in Orleans Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes school boards to provide for chaplains to serve in public schools as employees or on a volunteer basis (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Authorizes school boards to provide for chaplains to serve in public schools as employees or on a volunteer basis (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to mandatory reporters of child abuse. Description: Provides relative to mandatory reporters of child abuse
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Litigation Financing Disclosure Act. Description: Creates the Litigation Financing Disclosure Act
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to direct action against an insurer. Description: Provides relative to direct action against an insurer
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to acceptable payment types at air carrier airports. Description: Provides relative to acceptable payment types at air carrier airports
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to arboricultural and utility arboricultural examination and license renewal requirements. Description: Provides relative to arboricultural and utility arboricultural examination and license renewal requirements
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes drivers of certain two-wheeled vehicles to proceed through a red light under certain circumstances. Description: Authorizes drivers of certain two-wheeled vehicles to proceed through a red light under certain circumstances
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the use of state property for seafood research. Description: Authorizes the use of state property for seafood research
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the final payment after termination of employment. Description: Provides relative to the final payment after termination of employment
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the use of golf carts on certain highways in the municipalities of Church Point, Lake Arthur, and Westlake. Description: Provides for the use of golf carts on certain highways in the municipalities of Church Point, Lake Arthur, and Westlake
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the renaming of road lighting districts and the allocation of funding. Description: Provides for the renaming of road lighting districts and the allocation of funding
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for time limitations for prosecution of third degree rape. Description: Provides for time limitations for prosecution of third degree rape
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to central bank digital currency. Description: Provides relative to central bank digital currency
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates an additional judgeship for the 23rd Judicial District Court (EN +$462,884 EX See Note). Description: Creates an additional judgeship for the 23rd Judicial District Court (EN +$462,884 EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to colorectal cancer screening (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to colorectal cancer screening (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires schools to provide information regarding tutorship to the parents of certain students at Individualized Education Program (IEP) meetings (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Requires schools to provide information regarding tutorship to the parents of certain students at Individualized Education Program (IEP) meetings (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires in-service training for school nurses on caring for students with sickle cell disease (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requires in-service training for school nurses on caring for students with sickle cell disease (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to real estate. Description: Provides relative to real estate
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the month of April as Native Plant Month in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes the month of April as Native Plant Month in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals environmental docket for the 24th JDC. Description: Repeals environmental docket for the 24th JDC
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to patient wait time for the provision of emergency care (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to patient wait time for the provision of emergency care (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to veterans' service offices (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Provides relative to veterans' service offices (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to facility need review (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV). Description: Provides relative to facility need review (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires disclosure of available discounts relative to homeowners' and motor vehicle liability insurance policies. Description: Requires disclosure of available discounts relative to homeowners' and motor vehicle liability insurance policies
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the regulation of medical marijuana. Description: Provides relative to the regulation of medical marijuana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to electronic filings (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to electronic filings (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Department of Transportation and Development spending. Description: Provides relative to Department of Transportation and Development spending
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals obsolete hunting license provisions. Description: Repeals obsolete hunting license provisions
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Limits liability of operators of motor vehicles for harm caused to certain persons who are injured while illegally blocking a road or highway. Description: Limits liability of operators of motor vehicles for harm caused to certain persons who are injured while illegally blocking a road or highway
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the grace period applicable to penalties for lapse of compulsory motor vehicle liability security (EN -$216,125 RV See Note). Description: Extends the grace period applicable to penalties for lapse of compulsory motor vehicle liability security (EN -$216,125 RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to survivors' education benefits (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to survivors' education benefits (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to live event ticketing. Description: Provides relative to live event ticketing
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Citizens Property Insurance Corporation. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Citizens Property Insurance Corporation
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to compensation for members of the Allen Parish Libraries Board of Control. Description: Provides relative to compensation for members of the Allen Parish Libraries Board of Control
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Medicaid and private insurance coverage for perimenopausal and menopausal care (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to Medicaid and private insurance coverage for perimenopausal and menopausal care (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires support services for individuals with dementia (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requires support services for individuals with dementia (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Underground Utilities and Facilities Damage Prevention Law. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Underground Utilities and Facilities Damage Prevention Law
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the New Orleans City Park Improvement Association and New Orleans City Park Police. Description: Provides relative to the New Orleans City Park Improvement Association and New Orleans City Park Police
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for transmission of information relative to the Department of Insurance. Description: Provides for transmission of information relative to the Department of Insurance
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to lifetime combination hunting and fishing licenses (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV). Description: Provides relative to lifetime combination hunting and fishing licenses (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds drugs prescribed for certain ocular conditions to the listing of prescription drugs exempt from local sales and use taxes (EN DECREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Adds drugs prescribed for certain ocular conditions to the listing of prescription drugs exempt from local sales and use taxes (EN DECREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Department of Revenue (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Re-creates the Department of Revenue (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to support and service animals. Description: Provides relative to support and service animals
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to delivery of judgment of interdiction. Description: Provides relative to delivery of judgment of interdiction
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to harassment of hunters, trappers, and fishermen on lands and waters managed by the state. Description: Provides relative to harassment of hunters, trappers, and fishermen on lands and waters managed by the state
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to exemption from requirements regarding selection of professional services contracts (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to exemption from requirements regarding selection of professional services contracts (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the procedure for returning excess campaign contributions. Description: Provides for the procedure for returning excess campaign contributions
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the financial security of surviving spouses and dependent children of deceased firemen in certain circumstances (EN +$250,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the financial security of surviving spouses and dependent children of deceased firemen in certain circumstances (EN +$250,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to expungement of criminal records (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to expungement of criminal records (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to NEMT providers (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to NEMT providers (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reduces severance tax rates on oil and gas produced from inactive wells and orphan wells (EN -$900,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Reduces severance tax rates on oil and gas produced from inactive wells and orphan wells (EN -$900,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to sickle cell disease management and treatment plan for students diagnosed with sickle cell disease (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to sickle cell disease management and treatment plan for students diagnosed with sickle cell disease (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires each public school governing authority to use a uniform 10-point grading scale. Description: Requires each public school governing authority to use a uniform 10-point grading scale
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides exceptions to the Code of Governmental Ethics. Description: Provides exceptions to the Code of Governmental Ethics
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits the use of imported seafood in food served at schools (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Prohibits the use of imported seafood in food served at schools (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the office of motor vehicles to accept proof of vehicle insurance from another state. Description: Requires the office of motor vehicles to accept proof of vehicle insurance from another state
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the "LSU Baseball National Champions" specialty license plate. Description: Creates the "LSU Baseball National Champions" specialty license plate
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to annual financial reports on state and local court funding and expenses. Description: Provides with respect to annual financial reports on state and local court funding and expenses
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to compensation of commissioners of ambulance service districts in Allen Parish. Description: Provides relative to compensation of commissioners of ambulance service districts in Allen Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to salary increases for clerks of court (EN +$352,127 LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to salary increases for clerks of court (EN +$352,127 LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to association documents of planned communities. Description: Provides relative to association documents of planned communities
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to confidentiality of records in cases involving certain protected persons. Description: Provides relative to confidentiality of records in cases involving certain protected persons
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to bond forfeiture. Description: Provides relative to bond forfeiture
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to notifications of public meetings and duties of public bodies and the commissioner of administration relative thereto (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to notifications of public meetings and duties of public bodies and the commissioner of administration relative thereto (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Increases the driver's license fee and the specific portion directed to the litter abatement fund (RE +$3,900,000 SD RV See Note). Description: Increases the driver's license fee and the specific portion directed to the litter abatement fund (RE +$3,900,000 SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Department of Public Safety and Corrections. Description: Re-creates the Department of Public Safety and Corrections
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of theft (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to the crime of theft (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Eliminates the statute of limitations to prosecute the crime of molestation of a juvenile. Description: Eliminates the statute of limitations to prosecute the crime of molestation of a juvenile
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the administration of medication at school. Description: Provides relative to the administration of medication at school
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the regulation window tinting for patrol vehicles owned by the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries. Description: Provides relative to the regulation window tinting for patrol vehicles owned by the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Allows full size trawl gear for bait shrimp on permitted vessels. Description: Allows full size trawl gear for bait shrimp on permitted vessels
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the confidentiality of documents related to local and parish economic development projects. Description: Provides for the confidentiality of documents related to local and parish economic development projects
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Dept. of Veterans Affairs. Description: Provides relative to the Dept. of Veterans Affairs
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Department of Justice. Description: Re-creates the Department of Justice
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain witness fees. Description: Provides relative to certain witness fees
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the sale of raw milk (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the sale of raw milk (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requires energy utility providers to provide whole-building data to certain property owners upon request. Description: Requires energy utility providers to provide whole-building data to certain property owners upon request
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Coroner's Operational Fund for St. Mary Parish. Description: Provides relative to the Coroner's Operational Fund for St. Mary Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires signage for wetland assimilation projects. Description: Requires signage for wetland assimilation projects
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for digital transaction providers (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for digital transaction providers (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the delivery of absentee ballots by a person other than the voter. Description: Provides for the delivery of absentee ballots by a person other than the voter
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to income tax withholding on gaming winnings (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to income tax withholding on gaming winnings (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to qualifications of early voting election commissioners (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to qualifications of early voting election commissioners (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to blockchain and digital asset regulation. Description: Provides relative to blockchain and digital asset regulation
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to eminent domain. Description: Provides relative to eminent domain
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the merger of cemetery trust funds. Description: Provides for the merger of cemetery trust funds
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to special identification cards for children. Description: Provides relative to special identification cards for children
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to facility need review for certain healthcare providers (EG +$535,824 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to facility need review for certain healthcare providers (EG +$535,824 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to constructive surrender. Description: Provides relative to constructive surrender
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to truant children. Description: Provides relative to truant children
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to prohibited transactions with the agency of a legislator and of an appointed board or commission member. Description: Provides relative to prohibited transactions with the agency of a legislator and of an appointed board or commission member
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to electronic bonds. Description: Provides relative to electronic bonds
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative voter registration applications collected through registration drives. Description: Provides relative voter registration applications collected through registration drives
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the unlawful entry of a critical infrastructure (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to the unlawful entry of a critical infrastructure (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to medical and surgical treatments of cancer (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Provides relative to medical and surgical treatments of cancer (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to mandatory binding arbitration with respect to property insurance policies. Description: Provides relative to mandatory binding arbitration with respect to property insurance policies
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to uninsured motorists and certain policy forms. Description: Provides relative to uninsured motorists and certain policy forms
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Revises certain bid requirements for applicable projects by the Department of Transportation and Development. Description: Revises certain bid requirements for applicable projects by the Department of Transportation and Development
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits government restriction of choice regarding vehicles. Description: Prohibits government restriction of choice regarding vehicles
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to carbon dioxide sequestration. Description: Provides relative to carbon dioxide sequestration
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for civil penalties against an interactive computer service that books short-term rentals of property that is not in compliance with local ordinances. Description: Provides for civil penalties against an interactive computer service that books short-term rentals of property that is not in compliance with local ordinances
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to marshals and constables. Description: Provides relative to marshals and constables
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for unfair or deceptive trade practices relative to reports of adjusters. Description: Provides for unfair or deceptive trade practices relative to reports of adjusters
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits the use of genetic information relative to life and long-term care insurance. Description: Prohibits the use of genetic information relative to life and long-term care insurance
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the election of a collective bargaining representative. Description: Provides relative to the election of a collective bargaining representative
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to billing for services by the New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board. Description: Provides relative to billing for services by the New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to veterans cemeteries burial fees. Description: Provides relative to veterans cemeteries burial fees
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the position of director of medical affairs of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Description: Establishes the position of director of medical affairs of the Department of Veterans Affairs
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the determination of the average weekly wage (RE1 DECREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the determination of the average weekly wage (RE1 DECREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the booting of motor vehicles parked on private property. Description: Provides relative to the booting of motor vehicles parked on private property
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Increases the in-house cap for construction projects by the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Increases the in-house cap for construction projects by the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reallocates money received from fur trapping licenses (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Reallocates money received from fur trapping licenses (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in St. Martin parish. Description: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in St. Martin parish
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to pedestrians walking on highways during certain periods of the day. Description: Provides relative to pedestrians walking on highways during certain periods of the day
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for eligibility of charter boat fishing guides for the Fisherman's Gear Compensation Fund. Description: Provides for eligibility of charter boat fishing guides for the Fisherman's Gear Compensation Fund
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Amends the elements of nonconsensual disclosure of a private image. Description: Amends the elements of nonconsensual disclosure of a private image
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for increased penalties for certain traffic-control signal violations. Description: Provides for increased penalties for certain traffic-control signal violations
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to saltwater and charter fishing licenses and fees (EN DECREASE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to saltwater and charter fishing licenses and fees (EN DECREASE SD EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Regional Transit Authority. Description: Provides relative to the Regional Transit Authority
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the Louisiana Educational Television Authority (LETA) to include funds for French language educational programming in its annual budget request to the division of administration. Description: Requires the Louisiana Educational Television Authority (LETA) to include funds for French language educational programming in its annual budget request to the division of administration
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Revises the membership and duties of the Dual Enrollment Framework Task Force. Description: Revises the membership and duties of the Dual Enrollment Framework Task Force
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the Twenty-Fifth Judicial District Court to hold certain sessions of court west of the Mississippi River. Description: Authorizes the Twenty-Fifth Judicial District Court to hold certain sessions of court west of the Mississippi River
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the disposition of certain records for seventeen year old offenders. Description: Provides relative to the disposition of certain records for seventeen year old offenders
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to contracts for garbage collection in parishes and municipalities. Description: Provides relative to contracts for garbage collection in parishes and municipalities
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to an injury producing the permanent total disability of an employee (RE SEE FISC NOTE EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to an injury producing the permanent total disability of an employee (RE SEE FISC NOTE EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Protective Order Registry. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Protective Order Registry
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Local Healthcare Provider Participation Program (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV). Description: Provides relative to the Local Healthcare Provider Participation Program (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allocates revenue collected from waterfowl licenses to the Duck Stamp Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV). Description: Allocates revenue collected from waterfowl licenses to the Duck Stamp Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the New Orleans Regional Business Park. Description: Provides relative to the New Orleans Regional Business Park
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a Lafitte Greenway Economic Development District. Description: Provides for a Lafitte Greenway Economic Development District
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the boundaries of the New Orleans Exhibition Hall Authority Economic Growth and Development District. Description: Provides relative to the boundaries of the New Orleans Exhibition Hall Authority Economic Growth and Development District
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of housing authorities. Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of housing authorities
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to renovation of public historic buildings (RE NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to renovation of public historic buildings (RE NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for educational criteria for state employees. Description: Provides for educational criteria for state employees
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the change of party affiliation prior to the close of registration. Description: Provides for the change of party affiliation prior to the close of registration
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain designated labor organization activities in employment contracts. Description: Provides relative to certain designated labor organization activities in employment contracts
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to container sizes for beverages of high alcohol content. Description: Provides relative to container sizes for beverages of high alcohol content
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the Orleans Parish Communications District. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the Orleans Parish Communications District
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to justices of the peace in Plaquemines Parish. Description: Provides relative to justices of the peace in Plaquemines Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits social media companies from collecting data to use for targeted advertising to minors. Description: Prohibits social media companies from collecting data to use for targeted advertising to minors
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Back on Track Youth Pilot Program (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Creates the Back on Track Youth Pilot Program (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to pharmacist authorization to dispense HIV pre-exposure and post-exposure prophylaxis. Description: Provides relative to pharmacist authorization to dispense HIV pre-exposure and post-exposure prophylaxis
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to bankruptcy. Description: Provides relative to bankruptcy
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides requirements and restrictions on the ability to witness election documents. Description: Provides requirements and restrictions on the ability to witness election documents
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for school choice with respect to foreign language immersion (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for school choice with respect to foreign language immersion (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the Louisiana Workforce Investment Council. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the Louisiana Workforce Investment Council
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits a commercial learner's permit or driver's license if not cleared by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse. Description: Prohibits a commercial learner's permit or driver's license if not cleared by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to workplace violence in healthcare settings. Description: Provides relative to workplace violence in healthcare settings
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to residency requirements for employees of the New Orleans sewerage and water board (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to residency requirements for employees of the New Orleans sewerage and water board (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the election of home rule charter commissions. Description: Provides relative to the election of home rule charter commissions
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to psychologists. Description: Provides relative to psychologists
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to adjudications and judicial review of adjudications (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to adjudications and judicial review of adjudications (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to sick leave banks for teachers, bus operators, and other school employees. Description: Provides relative to sick leave banks for teachers, bus operators, and other school employees
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes principals to notify the parents of any child assigned to the classroom of an uncertified teacher, teacher with a non-standard certificate, or teacher authorized to teach without certification. Description: Authorizes principals to notify the parents of any child assigned to the classroom of an uncertified teacher, teacher with a non-standard certificate, or teacher authorized to teach without certification
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to stock emergency medications. Description: Provides relative to stock emergency medications
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to claims of pharmacies and pharmacists. Description: Provides relative to claims of pharmacies and pharmacists
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to hearings and delivery of notices. Description: Provides relative to hearings and delivery of notices
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to locksmith licensing. Description: Provides relative to locksmith licensing
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Women's Safety and Protection Act (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Creates the Women's Safety and Protection Act (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the appraisal process and employment of umpires. Description: Provides for the appraisal process and employment of umpires
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to homeowners' insurance and termination of certain policies. Description: Provides relative to homeowners' insurance and termination of certain policies
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides a voluntary process for pipeline crossing disputes. Description: Provides a voluntary process for pipeline crossing disputes
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the ratemaking system utilized by insurers and rating organizations relative to rate filings. Description: Provides relative to the ratemaking system utilized by insurers and rating organizations relative to rate filings
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to actuarial reviews of healthcare legislation (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to actuarial reviews of healthcare legislation (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to broadband. Description: Provides relative to broadband
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to accident reporting and access to medical records and information related to claims. Description: Provides relative to accident reporting and access to medical records and information related to claims
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to geoscientist license fees (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides with respect to geoscientist license fees (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to vapor products (EN NO IMPACT SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to vapor products (EN NO IMPACT SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the State Licensing Board for Contractors. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the State Licensing Board for Contractors
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for reporting requirements and contribution limits applicable to candidates and political committees participating in an additional election following a tie vote or court ordered elections following an election contest. Description: Provides for reporting requirements and contribution limits applicable to candidates and political committees participating in an additional election following a tie vote or court ordered elections following an election contest
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to responsibilities of parents and schools with respect to truant children. Description: Provides relative to responsibilities of parents and schools with respect to truant children
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the coroner of St. Tammany Parish. Description: Provides relative to the coroner of St. Tammany Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the governing authority of certain parishes to distribute sales and use tax revenue collected on the sale of admission tickets to certain events. Description: Authorizes the governing authority of certain parishes to distribute sales and use tax revenue collected on the sale of admission tickets to certain events
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes Caddo Parish Fire District No. Six to levy a sales and use tax. Description: Authorizes Caddo Parish Fire District No. Six to levy a sales and use tax
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to entities practicing as licensed private security businesses. Description: Provides relative to entities practicing as licensed private security businesses
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the refusal of an operator of a motor vehicle to provide identification to an officer. Description: Provides relative to the refusal of an operator of a motor vehicle to provide identification to an officer
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates specialty license plates. Description: Creates specialty license plates
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Updates standards for surveying and mapping. Description: Updates standards for surveying and mapping
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the Housing Authority of New Orleans. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the Housing Authority of New Orleans
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes students enrolled in home study programs to participate in public school activities. Description: Authorizes students enrolled in home study programs to participate in public school activities
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Moves responsibility for the collection of the electric and hybrid vehicle fee from the Department of Revenue to the office of motor vehicles. Description: Moves responsibility for the collection of the electric and hybrid vehicle fee from the Department of Revenue to the office of motor vehicles
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to student instruction requirements (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to student instruction requirements (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the bridge on Louisiana Highway 648 over Bayou Lafourche as the "Austin Bush Memorial Bridge". Description: Designates the bridge on Louisiana Highway 648 over Bayou Lafourche as the "Austin Bush Memorial Bridge"
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the city of Monroe to expropriate property by declaration. Description: Authorizes the city of Monroe to expropriate property by declaration
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to insurance fraud. Description: Provides relative to insurance fraud
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to automated speed enforcement devices. Description: Provides relative to automated speed enforcement devices
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Commemorative Pet Stamp Program (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Commemorative Pet Stamp Program (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the authorized uses and lease of certain public property in Orleans and Jefferson Parish. Description: Provides relative to the authorized uses and lease of certain public property in Orleans and Jefferson Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to third-party liability requirements arising for prior authorizations and state claim inquiries. Description: Provides relative to third-party liability requirements arising for prior authorizations and state claim inquiries
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to notifications prior to administrative revocation of a license (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to notifications prior to administrative revocation of a license (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases certain penalties relative to certain prohibited actions regarding tax sale property (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Increases certain penalties relative to certain prohibited actions regarding tax sale property (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Names the Lake Borgne Surge Barrier after President George W. Bush. Description: Names the Lake Borgne Surge Barrier after President George W. Bush
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to charter boat fishing guide licensing. Description: Provides relative to charter boat fishing guide licensing
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to judicial security (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to judicial security (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to managing general agents. Description: Provides relative to managing general agents
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to victim notification (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Provides relative to victim notification (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes a local governing authority to adopt ordinances to address blighted property with purported collector's automobiles. Description: Authorizes a local governing authority to adopt ordinances to address blighted property with purported collector's automobiles
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for filing of administrative proceedings before the Ethics Adjudicatory Board for enforcement of certain violations of the Campaign Finance Disclosure Act. Description: Provides for filing of administrative proceedings before the Ethics Adjudicatory Board for enforcement of certain violations of the Campaign Finance Disclosure Act
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a seafood importer license for wholesale/retail dealers and retail dealers (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Establishes a seafood importer license for wholesale/retail dealers and retail dealers (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes revisions to the system of laws providing for elections (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Makes revisions to the system of laws providing for elections (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to auctioneers. Description: Provides relative to auctioneers
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the office of motor vehicles reinstatement fees for no insurance (EG DECREASE RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the office of motor vehicles reinstatement fees for no insurance (EG DECREASE RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the office of motor vehicles to process reinstatements in person at all field locations (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV). Description: Requires the office of motor vehicles to process reinstatements in person at all field locations (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to bear hunting. Description: Provides relative to bear hunting
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to pipeline servitudes. Description: Provides relative to pipeline servitudes
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the licensing of "PACE" program providers (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV). Description: Provides relative to the licensing of "PACE" program providers (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to training requirements for local government officials. Description: Provides relative to training requirements for local government officials
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Melrose East Crime Prevention District in East Baton Rouge Parish. Description: Provides relative to the Melrose East Crime Prevention District in East Baton Rouge Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Louisiana Music Commission within the Department of Culture Recreation and Tourism (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Establishes the Louisiana Music Commission within the Department of Culture Recreation and Tourism (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates an overweight permit to transport earthen material for government funded levee projects (EN +$50,000 SD EX See Note). Description: Creates an overweight permit to transport earthen material for government funded levee projects (EN +$50,000 SD EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the suspension, revocation, renewal, and cancellation of licenses. Description: Provides relative to the suspension, revocation, renewal, and cancellation of licenses
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to broadband. Description: Provides relative to broadband
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Insurance Regulatory Sandbox Act (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Creates the Insurance Regulatory Sandbox Act (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to controversion of benefits, preliminary determination hearings, disputed claims, and penalties and attorney fees (RE DECREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to controversion of benefits, preliminary determination hearings, disputed claims, and penalties and attorney fees (RE DECREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the pharmacy benefit managers quality incentive program (RE SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Creates the pharmacy benefit managers quality incentive program (RE SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Removes requirements that charter schools meet a certain threshold with respect to the number of students with exceptionalities and economically disadvantaged students relative to its total student enrollment. Description: Removes requirements that charter schools meet a certain threshold with respect to the number of students with exceptionalities and economically disadvantaged students relative to its total student enrollment
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Grambling State University World Famed Tiger Marching Band specialty license plate. Description: Creates the Grambling State University World Famed Tiger Marching Band specialty license plate
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the practice of land surveying and the practice of engineering. Description: Provides relative to the practice of land surveying and the practice of engineering
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for universal recognition of occupational licenses. Description: Provides for universal recognition of occupational licenses
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals certain provisions of law referring to inheritance taxes (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Repeals certain provisions of law referring to inheritance taxes (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to distribution of fentanyl under certain circumstances (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to distribution of fentanyl under certain circumstances (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to clemency procedures (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to clemency procedures (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to initial eligibility requirements for the M.J. Foster Promise Program (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX). Description: Provides relative to initial eligibility requirements for the M.J. Foster Promise Program (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the availability of certain education and training services for adjudicated children (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for the availability of certain education and training services for adjudicated children (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits a person from engaging in picketing at the residence or dwelling of an individual (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Prohibits a person from engaging in picketing at the residence or dwelling of an individual (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Department of Transportation and Development. Description: Re-creates the Department of Transportation and Development
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain officers, employees, and positions in the classified fire and police civil service (EN DECREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to certain officers, employees, and positions in the classified fire and police civil service (EN DECREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the assessment of penalties for failure to timely file required reports. Description: Provides relative to the assessment of penalties for failure to timely file required reports
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to part-time reemployment of retirees in the Municipal Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to part-time reemployment of retirees in the Municipal Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates and provides for the LA GATOR Scholarship Program, a universal school choice program (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates and provides for the LA GATOR Scholarship Program, a universal school choice program (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Bossier Parish Retired Employees Insurance Fund. Description: Provides relative to the Bossier Parish Retired Employees Insurance Fund
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to imported seafood safety fees (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to imported seafood safety fees (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to membership in the Sheriffs' Pension and Relief Fund (EN DECREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to membership in the Sheriffs' Pension and Relief Fund (EN DECREASE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to licensure of plumbers. Description: Provides relative to licensure of plumbers
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for student age requirements for barber college admissions. Description: Provides for student age requirements for barber college admissions
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to filing fees for the Complex Litigation Section Pilot Program in the 19th JDC (EN +$120,000 LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to filing fees for the Complex Litigation Section Pilot Program in the 19th JDC (EN +$120,000 LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the Houma-Terrebonne Airport Commission to appoint and commission peace officers. Description: Authorizes the Houma-Terrebonne Airport Commission to appoint and commission peace officers
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to state capitol complex and the allocation of space in the state capitol. Description: Provides relative to state capitol complex and the allocation of space in the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the judicial expense fund for the 19th JDC. Description: Provides relative to the judicial expense fund for the 19th JDC
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Regional Transit Authority. Description: Provides relative to the Regional Transit Authority
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain municipalities to create tax increment financing districts. Description: Authorizes certain municipalities to create tax increment financing districts
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts students who attain certain scores on the English and math sections of the ACT from end-of-course testing and allows career diploma students to take WorkKeys or the Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery in lieu of the ACT. Description: Exempts students who attain certain scores on the English and math sections of the ACT from end-of-course testing and allows career diploma students to take WorkKeys or the Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery in lieu of the ACT
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to federal election guidance and funding. Description: Provides relative to federal election guidance and funding
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to educational benefits for beneficiaries of qualified veterans (EN +$100,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to educational benefits for beneficiaries of qualified veterans (EN +$100,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides a limited exception for the schedule of a statewide elected official. Description: Provides a limited exception for the schedule of a statewide elected official
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to custodian liability for public records requests. Description: Provides relative to custodian liability for public records requests
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to child support guidelines. Description: Provides relative to child support guidelines
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the schedule of basic child support obligations. Description: Provides for the schedule of basic child support obligations
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to operating a vehicle while intoxicated. Description: Provides relative to operating a vehicle while intoxicated
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits the imposition of penalties via unmanned automated speed enforcement devices in a school zone in certain circumstances. Description: Prohibits the imposition of penalties via unmanned automated speed enforcement devices in a school zone in certain circumstances
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the definition of "commercial sexual activity" within the crime of trafficking of children for sexual purposes. Description: Provides relative to the definition of "commercial sexual activity" within the crime of trafficking of children for sexual purposes
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the extension of existing fiscal intermediary services contracts (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the extension of existing fiscal intermediary services contracts (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Appropriates funds for the expenses of the judiciary for Fiscal Year 2024-2025. Description: Appropriates funds for the expenses of the judiciary for Fiscal Year 2024-2025
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2023-2024. Description: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2023-2024
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to liability for damages caused by livestock. Description: Provides relative to liability for damages caused by livestock
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to liability for commercial motor vehicles. Description: Provides relative to liability for commercial motor vehicles
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the transfer, deposit, and use of monies among state funds. Description: Provides for the transfer, deposit, and use of monies among state funds
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to evidence in child custody cases. Description: Provides relative to evidence in child custody cases
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Relative to the Hurricane Ida Recovery Fund (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Relative to the Hurricane Ida Recovery Fund (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to court reporter fees in the Fourteenth Judicial District (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to court reporter fees in the Fourteenth Judicial District (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals the effectiveness provision of the insurance fraud investigation unit within the Department of Public Safety and Corrections. Description: Repeals the effectiveness provision of the insurance fraud investigation unit within the Department of Public Safety and Corrections
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals the termination provision of the Sledge Jeansonne Louisiana Insurance Fraud Prevention Act (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Repeals the termination provision of the Sledge Jeansonne Louisiana Insurance Fraud Prevention Act (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to criminal adjudications (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Provides relative to criminal adjudications (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires a political subdivision or agency negotiate a fair and reasonable contract with the most highly qualified firm for architectural and engineering professional services (EN SEE FISC NOTE EX). Description: Requires a political subdivision or agency negotiate a fair and reasonable contract with the most highly qualified firm for architectural and engineering professional services (EN SEE FISC NOTE EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for revenue reductions from free and discounted recreational hunting and fishing licenses (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for revenue reductions from free and discounted recreational hunting and fishing licenses (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits a hospital service district from using "construction management at risk" for projects estimated to cost less than two million dollars (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Prohibits a hospital service district from using "construction management at risk" for projects estimated to cost less than two million dollars (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Renames the Robinson Canal Bridge to the Lapeyrouse Bridge. Description: Renames the Robinson Canal Bridge to the Lapeyrouse Bridge
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Louisiana Governor's Mansion Advisory Commission. Description: Provides for the Louisiana Governor's Mansion Advisory Commission
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for calling a limited constitutional convention (RR INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for calling a limited constitutional convention (RR INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the use of dogs to retrieve mortally wounded deer. Description: Authorizes the use of dogs to retrieve mortally wounded deer
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to interruption of prescription and venue. Description: Provides relative to interruption of prescription and venue
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for membership on the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board. Description: Provides for membership on the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes service award eligibility for all qualified firefighters. Description: Establishes service award eligibility for all qualified firefighters
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Regulates the operation of abandoned cemeteries. Description: Regulates the operation of abandoned cemeteries
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the organization, duties, and responsibilities of the Dept. of Energy and Natural Resources (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides for the organization, duties, and responsibilities of the Dept. of Energy and Natural Resources (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes changes to the Louisiana Crawfish Promotion and Research Board. Description: Makes changes to the Louisiana Crawfish Promotion and Research Board
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to prescribing, administering, and dispensing of drugs for off-label use. Description: Provides relative to prescribing, administering, and dispensing of drugs for off-label use
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain federally-regulated information (EG SEE FISC NOTE). Description: Provides relative to certain federally-regulated information (EG SEE FISC NOTE)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to residential contractor fraud (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to residential contractor fraud (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the burden of proof when the justification of self-defense is raised. Description: Provides relative to the burden of proof when the justification of self-defense is raised
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the illegal carrying of weapons. Description: Provides relative to the illegal carrying of weapons
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to penalties for the unlawful disruption of the operation of a school (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to penalties for the unlawful disruption of the operation of a school (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to dump trucks (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV). Description: Provides relative to dump trucks (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to sales and use tax rebates on the sale of certain communications and data center equipment (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to sales and use tax rebates on the sale of certain communications and data center equipment (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the professional organization of medical psychologists. Description: Provides relative to the professional organization of medical psychologists
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana State Interagency Coordinating Council for EarlySteps. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana State Interagency Coordinating Council for EarlySteps
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds Tianeptine to Schedule I of the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substance Law. Description: Adds Tianeptine to Schedule I of the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substance Law
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to in vitro fertilization. Description: Provides relative to in vitro fertilization
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to electric vehicle charging technology and equipment networks. Description: Provides relative to electric vehicle charging technology and equipment networks
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to purse supplements. Description: Provides relative to purse supplements
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides that certain non-debt-forming concession agreements and other obligations are not deemed as debt requiring approval of the State Bond Commission (RE1 +$129,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides that certain non-debt-forming concession agreements and other obligations are not deemed as debt requiring approval of the State Bond Commission (RE1 +$129,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Raises the limit on the value of claims approved by the Board of Tax Appeals that are to be paid from current tax collections (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Raises the limit on the value of claims approved by the Board of Tax Appeals that are to be paid from current tax collections (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to step therapy or fail first protocols (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to step therapy or fail first protocols (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the members of the Louisiana State Racing Commission (EN +$26,000 LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the members of the Louisiana State Racing Commission (EN +$26,000 LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to civil liability protection for local governments concerning events on the Mississippi River levee. Description: Provides relative to civil liability protection for local governments concerning events on the Mississippi River levee
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations for the expenses of the legislature for Fiscal Year 2024-2025. Description: Makes appropriations for the expenses of the legislature for Fiscal Year 2024-2025
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to procurement of information technology (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to procurement of information technology (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to reporting on federal and state funding of mental health services (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to reporting on federal and state funding of mental health services (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the creation and use of the Marine Finfish Stock Enhancement Fund. Description: Provides for the creation and use of the Marine Finfish Stock Enhancement Fund
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to budgets adopted by library boards of control. Description: Provides relative to budgets adopted by library boards of control
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to healthcare outcomes for patient's suffering with behavioral health issues. Description: Provides relative to healthcare outcomes for patient's suffering with behavioral health issues
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of tax lien property fraud (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Creates the crime of tax lien property fraud (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the penalties for malfeasance in office (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Increases the penalties for malfeasance in office (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the office of surgeon general within the Louisiana Department of Health (EN GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the office of surgeon general within the Louisiana Department of Health (EN GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for exemption to wildlife rehabilitation program rules. Description: Provides for exemption to wildlife rehabilitation program rules
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides that the secretary of state shall be responsible for voting system maintenance and repair (EGF NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides that the secretary of state shall be responsible for voting system maintenance and repair (EGF NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expands the class of parishes eligible for a waiver of a matching funds requirement for capital outlay projects (EN DECREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Expands the class of parishes eligible for a waiver of a matching funds requirement for capital outlay projects (EN DECREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to regional economic development organizations. Description: Provides relative to regional economic development organizations
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes, with limitations, public postsecondary education management boards to establish and increase student tuition and mandatory fees (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Authorizes, with limitations, public postsecondary education management boards to establish and increase student tuition and mandatory fees (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for adoption of a medical fee reimbursement schedule for workers' compensation (RE +$200,000 SD EX See Note). Description: Provides for adoption of a medical fee reimbursement schedule for workers' compensation (RE +$200,000 SD EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the drug division probation program (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the drug division probation program (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to virtual social work supervision. Description: Provides relative to virtual social work supervision
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the practice of audiology and speech-language pathology. Description: Provides for the practice of audiology and speech-language pathology
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to standards for psychiatric hospitals and residential substance abuse facilities (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to standards for psychiatric hospitals and residential substance abuse facilities (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires continuing education for the treatment of sickle cell disease for physicians and physician assistants. Description: Requires continuing education for the treatment of sickle cell disease for physicians and physician assistants
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for procedures for the collection of delinquent ad valorem taxes and statutory impositions, tax auctions, tax auction certificates, and the redemption of certain property (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for procedures for the collection of delinquent ad valorem taxes and statutory impositions, tax auctions, tax auction certificates, and the redemption of certain property (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to behavioral health services for students (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to behavioral health services for students (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to elections (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to elections (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to electronic monitoring. Description: Provides relative to electronic monitoring
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fire departments and public safety departments or agencies entering into an agreement with group purchasing organizations (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Provides relative to fire departments and public safety departments or agencies entering into an agreement with group purchasing organizations (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to required insurance coverage applicable to trucks transporting waste. Description: Provides relative to required insurance coverage applicable to trucks transporting waste
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the renewal of truck registrations. Description: Provides with respect to the renewal of truck registrations
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the Council for the Development of French in Louisiana. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the Council for the Development of French in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to microbreweries. Description: Provides with respect to microbreweries
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows the provision of data relative to sickle cell disease (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Allows the provision of data relative to sickle cell disease (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the "Jefferson Parish Bicentennial" specialty license plate. Description: Creates the "Jefferson Parish Bicentennial" specialty license plate
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the Bayou Bienvenue bridge on Louisiana Highway 47 in Chalmette, Louisiana, as the "Senator Samuel B. Nunez Crossing". Description: Designates the Bayou Bienvenue bridge on Louisiana Highway 47 in Chalmette, Louisiana, as the "Senator Samuel B. Nunez Crossing"
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Social Work Licensure Compact (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Social Work Licensure Compact (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Safe Haven Law. Description: Provides relative to the Safe Haven Law
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the formation and administration of decentralized unincorporated nonprofit associations. Description: Provides relative to the formation and administration of decentralized unincorporated nonprofit associations
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Remote Patient Monitoring Program Law (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Remote Patient Monitoring Program Law (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Hope for Louisiana Patients Law (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Hope for Louisiana Patients Law (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Crime Victims Services Bureau within the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Crime Victims Services Bureau within the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the position of museum director for the Louisiana State Museum. Description: Provides relative to the position of museum director for the Louisiana State Museum
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires school-level reporting by public schools and postsecondary education institutions on programs related to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging and requires the state Department of Education and the Board of Regents to submit summary reports to certain legislative committees (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requires school-level reporting by public schools and postsecondary education institutions on programs related to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging and requires the state Department of Education and the Board of Regents to submit summary reports to certain legislative committees (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Permits jurors to donate their per diem compensation to the Capital Area Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Permits jurors to donate their per diem compensation to the Capital Area Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA) (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes revisions to the Campaign Finance Disclosure Act (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Makes revisions to the Campaign Finance Disclosure Act (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits discrimination against students on the basis of vaccination status. Description: Prohibits discrimination against students on the basis of vaccination status
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Horticulture Commission. Description: Provides relative to the Horticulture Commission
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for transparency for utility bills. Description: Provides for transparency for utility bills
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that Act No. 84 of the 2023 Regular Session of the Legislature shall be known and may be cited as "Armani's Law". Description: Provides that Act No. 84 of the 2023 Regular Session of the Legislature shall be known and may be cited as "Armani's Law"
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Limits the determination of fair market value of certain real property by an assessor under certain circumstances (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Limits the determination of fair market value of certain real property by an assessor under certain circumstances (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 171 as the "Claude 'Buddy' Leach Memorial Highway". Description: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 171 as the "Claude 'Buddy' Leach Memorial Highway"
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to requirements for private training and driving instructor schools. Description: Provides relative to requirements for private training and driving instructor schools
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to reporting requirements for political subdivisions associated with outstanding judgments (EN +$84,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to reporting requirements for political subdivisions associated with outstanding judgments (EN +$84,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to certain permits required by parishes and municipalities. Description: Provides with respect to certain permits required by parishes and municipalities
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to cosmetology. Description: Provides relative to cosmetology
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to retail florists and wholesale florists. Description: Provides with respect to retail florists and wholesale florists
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to landowner liability for carbon dioxide sequestration. Description: Provides relative to landowner liability for carbon dioxide sequestration
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes special prestige license plates for certain Louisiana schools. Description: Establishes special prestige license plates for certain Louisiana schools
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to healthcare services provided to patients with sickle cell disease (EG INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to healthcare services provided to patients with sickle cell disease (EG INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the issuance of bonds to finance deferred maintenance projects included in the College and University Deferred Maintenance and Capital Improvement Program (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Authorizes the issuance of bonds to finance deferred maintenance projects included in the College and University Deferred Maintenance and Capital Improvement Program (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a specialty license plate for the St. Edmund Catholic School Bluejays. Description: Creates a specialty license plate for the St. Edmund Catholic School Bluejays
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to towing vehicle and axle weight limits. Description: Provides relative to towing vehicle and axle weight limits
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to consumable hemp products. Description: Provides relative to consumable hemp products
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to life safety and property protection and conveyance devices. Description: Provides relative to life safety and property protection and conveyance devices
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Employee Secret Ballot Protection Act. Description: Creates the Employee Secret Ballot Protection Act
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits insurers and third parties from sharing driver information without the driver's consent. Description: Prohibits insurers and third parties from sharing driver information without the driver's consent
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the creation of a mental health transition pilot program (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Provides relative to the creation of a mental health transition pilot program (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the preparation, verification, tabulation, and counting of absentee by mail and early voting ballots. Description: Provides relative to the preparation, verification, tabulation, and counting of absentee by mail and early voting ballots
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to reemployment of retirees in the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to reemployment of retirees in the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to justice of the peace courts and constables in Avoyelles Parish. Description: Provides relative to justice of the peace courts and constables in Avoyelles Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to billing for services provided by the sewerage and water board of New Orleans. Description: Provides relative to billing for services provided by the sewerage and water board of New Orleans
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes unitization for carbon dioxide sequestration. Description: Authorizes unitization for carbon dioxide sequestration
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the reemployment of retirees of the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana in critical shortage positions (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides for the reemployment of retirees of the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana in critical shortage positions (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to liability insurance for arborists. Description: Provides relative to liability insurance for arborists
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain judicial proceedings conducted by remote technology (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to certain judicial proceedings conducted by remote technology (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the vapor product and alternative nicotine product directory. Description: Provides relative to the vapor product and alternative nicotine product directory
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Ports and Waterways Investment Commission (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Creates the Louisiana Ports and Waterways Investment Commission (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows the Louisiana State Board of Medical Examiners to grant certain temporary permits and licenses. Description: Allows the Louisiana State Board of Medical Examiners to grant certain temporary permits and licenses
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provide relative to the limitation of liability for recreational landowners. Description: Provide relative to the limitation of liability for recreational landowners
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to qualifications for library directors. Description: Provides relative to qualifications for library directors
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to visitation policies at certain healthcare facilities and requires such facilities to allow in-person visitation. Description: Provides relative to visitation policies at certain healthcare facilities and requires such facilities to allow in-person visitation
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for official journals for the state and political subdivisions and for publishing legal notices (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides for official journals for the state and political subdivisions and for publishing legal notices (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to compensation for assistance with veterans benefits. Description: Provides relative to compensation for assistance with veterans benefits
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the resignation from labor organizations dues for teachers and other school employees and public employees. Description: Provides relative to the resignation from labor organizations dues for teachers and other school employees and public employees
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to public retirement system proxy voting on shareholder sponsored proposals (RE SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE FC). Description: Provides relative to public retirement system proxy voting on shareholder sponsored proposals (RE SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE FC)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to transfers of service credit between systems. (6/30/24) (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides relative to transfers of service credit between systems. (6/30/24) (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Municipal Employees' Retirement System. (6/30/24) (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Municipal Employees' Retirement System. (6/30/24) (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the deferred retirement of a member of the Louisiana Assessors' Retirement Fund. (gov sig) (EN SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE APV). Description: Provides relative to the deferred retirement of a member of the Louisiana Assessors' Retirement Fund. (gov sig) (EN SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to retirement allowances of the Registrars of Voters Employees' Retirement System. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides relative to retirement allowances of the Registrars of Voters Employees' Retirement System. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of unlawful dissemination or sale of images of another created by artificial intelligence. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Creates the crime of unlawful dissemination or sale of images of another created by artificial intelligence. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for reporting of escapes from juvenile institutions. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for reporting of escapes from juvenile institutions. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the recognition of separate legal personalities among affiliated corporations and other business entities. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for the recognition of separate legal personalities among affiliated corporations and other business entities. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Traumatic Head and Spinal Cord Injury Trust Fund. (See Act) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Traumatic Head and Spinal Cord Injury Trust Fund. (See Act) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits an elected official who has been removed from office from filling the vacancy created by the removal. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Prohibits an elected official who has been removed from office from filling the vacancy created by the removal. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the governing authority of the St. George Fire Protection District to create the competitive position of deputy fire chief. (gov sig) (RE NO IMPACT EX See Note). Description: Provides for the governing authority of the St. George Fire Protection District to create the competitive position of deputy fire chief. (gov sig) (RE NO IMPACT EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for expert testimony. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for expert testimony. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds Tianeptine to Schedule I of the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substance Law. (8/1/24). Description: Adds Tianeptine to Schedule I of the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substance Law. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates scholarships for spouses of police officers killed or disabled in performance of duty and police officers injured in performance of duty. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Creates scholarships for spouses of police officers killed or disabled in performance of duty and police officers injured in performance of duty. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Planned Community Act. (See Act). Description: Provides for the Planned Community Act. (See Act)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Removes certain limitations on the release and dissemination of mug shots. (8/1/24). Description: Removes certain limitations on the release and dissemination of mug shots. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requires heating and air conditioning on school buses. (gov sig) (RE1 INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Requires heating and air conditioning on school buses. (gov sig) (RE1 INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the licensing and regulation of virtual currency businesses. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the licensing and regulation of virtual currency businesses. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the allocation of community property following a petition for divorce. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the allocation of community property following a petition for divorce. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to annual financial disclosure statements by certain elected officials and public servants. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to annual financial disclosure statements by certain elected officials and public servants. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases survivor benefits for dependent children of firemen and law enforcement officers. (8/1/24) (EN +$200,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Increases survivor benefits for dependent children of firemen and law enforcement officers. (8/1/24) (EN +$200,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for small succession procedures. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for small succession procedures. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to theft from a porch or other unenclosed portion of a residence or inhabited dwelling. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to theft from a porch or other unenclosed portion of a residence or inhabited dwelling. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to coordinated retail robbery offenses. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to coordinated retail robbery offenses. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for funding of certain insurance costs for retirees of the West Feliciana Parish Sheriff's Office. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for funding of certain insurance costs for retirees of the West Feliciana Parish Sheriff's Office. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provide with respect to the Course Choice Program. (7/1/25) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provide with respect to the Course Choice Program. (7/1/25) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for continuous revisions to the Children's Code. (8/1/24) (EN LF EX See Note). Description: Provides for continuous revisions to the Children's Code. (8/1/24) (EN LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to seafood safety. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to seafood safety. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that part of the Children's Code's purpose is to promote public safety. (8/1/24). Description: Provides that part of the Children's Code's purpose is to promote public safety. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for carrying of concealed firearms by qualified retired law enforcement officers. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for carrying of concealed firearms by qualified retired law enforcement officers. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 11 in St. Tammany Parish as the "Jimmy Buffett 'Changes in Latitude' Memorial Crossing". (8/1/24) (EN +$1,100 SG EX See Note). Description: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 11 in St. Tammany Parish as the "Jimmy Buffett 'Changes in Latitude' Memorial Crossing". (8/1/24) (EN +$1,100 SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates portions of certain highways. (8/1/24) (EN +$4,460 SG EX See Note). Description: Designates portions of certain highways. (8/1/24) (EN +$4,460 SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Alzheimer's and Related Dementias Advisory Council within the Louisiana Department of Health. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Creates the Alzheimer's and Related Dementias Advisory Council within the Louisiana Department of Health. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to charter schools, the chartering process by types and corporate partnerships. (gov sig) (EGF SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Provides relative to charter schools, the chartering process by types and corporate partnerships. (gov sig) (EGF SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for health insurance coverage of genetic testing for diseases and other medical conditions. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for health insurance coverage of genetic testing for diseases and other medical conditions. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the revocation of beneficiary designation for certain assets. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the revocation of beneficiary designation for certain assets. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits certain persons from wagering on sports events. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Prohibits certain persons from wagering on sports events. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to filing financial disclosure statements after qualifying for office. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to filing financial disclosure statements after qualifying for office. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 15 in Franklin Parish as the "Lainey Wilson Highway". (8/1/24) (EN +$1,100 SG EX See Note). Description: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 15 in Franklin Parish as the "Lainey Wilson Highway". (8/1/24) (EN +$1,100 SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires CPR/AED training for coaches in Louisiana. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Requires CPR/AED training for coaches in Louisiana. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to post-birth information. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to post-birth information. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the administration of medication to students by certain practitioners. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the administration of medication to students by certain practitioners. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the practice of psychology. (8/1/24) (EN +$44,925 SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the practice of psychology. (8/1/24) (EN +$44,925 SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for patient's right to prompt coverage. (gov sig) (EN SG RV See Note). Description: Provides for patient's right to prompt coverage. (gov sig) (EN SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to occupational licenses. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Provides relative to occupational licenses. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for full or limited continuing tutorship. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for full or limited continuing tutorship. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to seafood safety. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to seafood safety. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the classification of factory-built homes. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the classification of factory-built homes. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for changes to the Water Sector Program. (gov sig) (EN +$1,523,090 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for changes to the Water Sector Program. (gov sig) (EN +$1,523,090 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recreates Dept. of Energy and Natural Resources. (6/30/24). Description: Recreates Dept. of Energy and Natural Resources. (6/30/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of Interstate 55 in Tangipahoa Parish as the "Trooper Hung Le Memorial Highway". (8/1/24) (EN +$3,360 SG EX See Note). Description: Designates a portion of Interstate 55 in Tangipahoa Parish as the "Trooper Hung Le Memorial Highway". (8/1/24) (EN +$3,360 SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for parish overdose fatality review panels. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Provides for parish overdose fatality review panels. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in Allen Parish. (8/1/24). Description: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in Allen Parish. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts students with dyslexia from certain literacy examinations and provides for alternative progress monitoring tests. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Exempts students with dyslexia from certain literacy examinations and provides for alternative progress monitoring tests. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates and provides for the Community Sewerage System Infrastructure Sustainability Act. (1/1/25) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Creates and provides for the Community Sewerage System Infrastructure Sustainability Act. (1/1/25) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for electronic filing and record retention. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for electronic filing and record retention. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the filiation of children. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the filiation of children. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to authorize the legislature, by law, to establish additional courts enacted by a two-thirds vote. (2/3 - CA12s1(A)) (EG1 SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Constitutional amendment to authorize the legislature, by law, to establish additional courts enacted by a two-thirds vote. (2/3 - CA12s1(A)) (EG1 SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to eliminate judge's discretion to grant bail for certain offenses after conviction. (2/3 - CA12s1(A)). Description: Constitutional amendment to eliminate judge's discretion to grant bail for certain offenses after conviction. (2/3 - CA12s1(A))
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for trusts for minors and persons with disabilities. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for trusts for minors and persons with disabilities. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for prescribed burning by non-certified prescribed burn managers. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for prescribed burning by non-certified prescribed burn managers. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the state chemist. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the state chemist. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for motion for judgment on offer of judgment. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for motion for judgment on offer of judgment. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To change the makeup of the board of the Jimmy D. Long School for Math, Science, and the Arts. (gov sig). Description: To change the makeup of the board of the Jimmy D. Long School for Math, Science, and the Arts. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an increase in licensing fees for private investigators. (2/3-CA7s2.1(A)) (8/1/24). Description: Provides for an increase in licensing fees for private investigators. (2/3-CA7s2.1(A)) (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes creation of a tax increment financing district for parishes of a certain size for economic development purposes. (gov sig). Description: Authorizes creation of a tax increment financing district for parishes of a certain size for economic development purposes. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the creation of the Delmont Neighborhood Crime Prevention District. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the creation of the Delmont Neighborhood Crime Prevention District. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the creation of the Brookstown Neighborhood Association Crime Prevention District. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the creation of the Brookstown Neighborhood Association Crime Prevention District. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the deadline for post-conviction DNA testing. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Extends the deadline for post-conviction DNA testing. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Safe Haven Law. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the Safe Haven Law. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the administrative procedures for approving or certifying certain plats in Lafayette Parish. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the administrative procedures for approving or certifying certain plats in Lafayette Parish. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to strayed animals. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to strayed animals. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits use of a handheld wireless telecommunications device by a person when operating a motor vehicle upon any public roadway in this state. (8/1/24) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Prohibits use of a handheld wireless telecommunications device by a person when operating a motor vehicle upon any public roadway in this state. (8/1/24) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to horse racing breeder awards. (8/1/24) (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to horse racing breeder awards. (8/1/24) (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to ranked-choice voting and instant runoff voting. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to ranked-choice voting and instant runoff voting. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for policing of the Port of Delcambre, Twin Parish Port District. (gov sig). Description: Provides for policing of the Port of Delcambre, Twin Parish Port District. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of interpreters in court proceedings. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for the appointment of interpreters in court proceedings. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to livestock found at large. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to livestock found at large. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of possession of or carrying a concealed weapon by a person convicted of certain felonies. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the crime of possession of or carrying a concealed weapon by a person convicted of certain felonies. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to obesity treatment. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to obesity treatment. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of possessing, trafficking, or importing a child sex doll. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Creates the crime of possessing, trafficking, or importing a child sex doll. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to expropriation. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to expropriation. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for certain assets and transactions subject to the Uniform Commercial Code. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for certain assets and transactions subject to the Uniform Commercial Code. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to supplemental pay to certain law enforcement officers whose agency is headquartered in Lake Charles. (8/1/24) (EN +$64,800 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to supplemental pay to certain law enforcement officers whose agency is headquartered in Lake Charles. (8/1/24) (EN +$64,800 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides the Louisiana Insurance Guaranty Association and the Louisiana Citizens Property Insurance Cooperation exceptions from liability for certain property insurance claims.. Description: Provides the Louisiana Insurance Guaranty Association and the Louisiana Citizens Property Insurance Cooperation exceptions from liability for certain property insurance claims.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to meat and poultry inspection.. Description: Provides relative to meat and poultry inspection.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the expungement of felony convictions. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the expungement of felony convictions. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Agricultural Meteorology Program.. Description: Creates the Agricultural Meteorology Program.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment that provides relative to tax sales. (2/3-CA13s1(A)) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Constitutional amendment that provides relative to tax sales. (2/3-CA13s1(A)) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the jurisdictional limits for the city courts located in the 15th judicial district. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the jurisdictional limits for the city courts located in the 15th judicial district. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the employment or acceptance of volunteer chaplains in public schools. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the employment or acceptance of volunteer chaplains in public schools. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Sexual Assault Survivor's Bill of Rights. (8/1/24). Description: Creates the Sexual Assault Survivor's Bill of Rights. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the civil service status of a housing authority. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the civil service status of a housing authority. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to confidentiality of certain personnel records. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to confidentiality of certain personnel records. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for limitation upon jury trials. (1/1/25). Description: Provides for limitation upon jury trials. (1/1/25)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for privileges on immovables. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for privileges on immovables. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crimes of illegal carrying of a firearm and reckless discharge of a firearm at a parade. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the crimes of illegal carrying of a firearm and reckless discharge of a firearm at a parade. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain international organizations. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to certain international organizations. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for residency requirements relative to the Ernest N. Morial-New Orleans Exhibition Authority. (gov sig). Description: Provides for residency requirements relative to the Ernest N. Morial-New Orleans Exhibition Authority. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to deposits for customers who expire while domiciled out of state. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to deposits for customers who expire while domiciled out of state. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to dentistry. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to dentistry. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Delcambre Housing Authority and the Gueydan Housing Authority. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Delcambre Housing Authority and the Gueydan Housing Authority. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to objections to candidacy. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to objections to candidacy. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requires doula services to be covered by Medicaid. (8/1/24) (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Requires doula services to be covered by Medicaid. (8/1/24) (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for hypertension screening. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for hypertension screening. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the state child ombudsman. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the state child ombudsman. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the authority of the legislative auditor. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the authority of the legislative auditor. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the assessment of taxes by the Department of Revenue. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the assessment of taxes by the Department of Revenue. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to postpartum depression. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to postpartum depression. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-establishes the Lower Pearl River Basin task force.. Description: Re-establishes the Lower Pearl River Basin task force.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the powers, duties, and functions of the Louisiana State Archives. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the powers, duties, and functions of the Louisiana State Archives. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the right of law-abiding citizens to carry concealed handguns lawfully without a permit. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the right of law-abiding citizens to carry concealed handguns lawfully without a permit. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes the use of campaign funds for certain childcare expenses. (8/1/24). Description: Authorizes the use of campaign funds for certain childcare expenses. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to marking absentee by mail ballots. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to marking absentee by mail ballots. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Preserving Lawful Utilization of Services for Veterans Act. (gov sig). Description: Creates the Preserving Lawful Utilization of Services for Veterans Act. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to physician assistants. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to physician assistants. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for non-governmental agencies to receive background checks on contractors within the volunteer and employee criminal history system. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV). Description: Provides for non-governmental agencies to receive background checks on contractors within the volunteer and employee criminal history system. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Advisory Council on Heroin and Opioid Prevention and Education. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the Advisory Council on Heroin and Opioid Prevention and Education. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Office of Group Benefits health coverage programs for certain employees. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to Office of Group Benefits health coverage programs for certain employees. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to noncompetition agreements. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to noncompetition agreements. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to seafood safety. (1/1/25) (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to seafood safety. (1/1/25) (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to payments under contract by public entites. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to payments under contract by public entites. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to increase the non-lawyer membership of and provide for the selection judiciary commission members and to require investigations be conducted by directive of the supreme court. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (EN +$7,115 GF EX See Note). Description: Constitutional amendment to increase the non-lawyer membership of and provide for the selection judiciary commission members and to require investigations be conducted by directive of the supreme court. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (EN +$7,115 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to provide for membership of the State Civil Service Commission. (2/3 - CA12s1). Description: Constitutional amendment to provide for membership of the State Civil Service Commission. (2/3 - CA12s1)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to academic plans for children committed to the Department of Public Safety and Corrections. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to academic plans for children committed to the Department of Public Safety and Corrections. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the maximum time of incarceration for aggravated flight from an officer. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Increases the maximum time of incarceration for aggravated flight from an officer. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a pilot program for Medicaid recipients to utilize portable oxygen concentrators. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates a pilot program for Medicaid recipients to utilize portable oxygen concentrators. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Uniform Collaborative Family Law Act. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the Uniform Collaborative Family Law Act. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for Medicaid reimbursement rate increases. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for Medicaid reimbursement rate increases. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the enforcement and adjudication of state and local taxes and the Board of Tax Appeals. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the enforcement and adjudication of state and local taxes and the Board of Tax Appeals. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the preemption of state law for firearms. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the preemption of state law for firearms. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to work requirements within the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to work requirements within the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to prohibitions to dual candidacy. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to prohibitions to dual candidacy. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to motor vehicle titles. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to motor vehicle titles. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for out-of-state health insurance coverage when the governor declares a state of emergency. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for out-of-state health insurance coverage when the governor declares a state of emergency. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the creation of the Cajundome Commission. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for the creation of the Cajundome Commission. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 1064 in Tangipahoa Parish as the "Rev. Alfred L. Hart Memorial Highway". (8/1/24) (EN +$1,100 SG EX See Note). Description: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 1064 in Tangipahoa Parish as the "Rev. Alfred L. Hart Memorial Highway". (8/1/24) (EN +$1,100 SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires additional compensation for teachers and other school employees under certain circumstances. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Requires additional compensation for teachers and other school employees under certain circumstances. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals Port Development Advisory Commission. (7/1/24). Description: Repeals Port Development Advisory Commission. (7/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the unauthorized possession of electronic telecommunication devices at school. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the unauthorized possession of electronic telecommunication devices at school. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for sanctuary policies. (gov sig). Description: Provides for sanctuary policies. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for size limits for spotted sea trout and red drum. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for size limits for spotted sea trout and red drum. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides sick leave for school employees under certain circumstances. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Provides sick leave for school employees under certain circumstances. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows the concealed carrying of firearms in a restaurant that serves alcohol. (8/1/24). Description: Allows the concealed carrying of firearms in a restaurant that serves alcohol. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Relative to the development of vertiports. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX). Description: Relative to the development of vertiports. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to voting. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to voting. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to conversion requirements for health insurers. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to conversion requirements for health insurers. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes law enforcement to impound any vehicle used in a drag race, or other enumerated action or event, at the owner's expense, for thirty days to gather evidence pertaining to the crime. (8/1/24). Description: Authorizes law enforcement to impound any vehicle used in a drag race, or other enumerated action or event, at the owner's expense, for thirty days to gather evidence pertaining to the crime. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the definition of "solicitor" with respect to alcohol. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the definition of "solicitor" with respect to alcohol. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to opioid alternatives. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to opioid alternatives. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to absentee by mail ballots. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to absentee by mail ballots. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for training requirements for part-time and reserve peace officers. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides for training requirements for part-time and reserve peace officers. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to marijuana for therapeutic use. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV). Description: Provides relative to marijuana for therapeutic use. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides regarding involuntary outpatient treatment for mental health. (8/1/24). Description: Provides regarding involuntary outpatient treatment for mental health. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the establishment of gold and silver as legal tender. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for the establishment of gold and silver as legal tender. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the carrying of concealed firearms by qualified law enforcement officers and qualified retired law enforcement officers. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the carrying of concealed firearms by qualified law enforcement officers and qualified retired law enforcement officers. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to prohibition on certain governmental entity contracts with companies that discriminate against firearm and ammunition industries. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to prohibition on certain governmental entity contracts with companies that discriminate against firearm and ammunition industries. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the regulation of sports wagering. (8/1/24) (EN -$500,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the regulation of sports wagering. (8/1/24) (EN -$500,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a driver's license designation and a special identification designation for a person with a seizure disorder. (8/1/24) (EN +$45,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Establishes a driver's license designation and a special identification designation for a person with a seizure disorder. (8/1/24) (EN +$45,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to industrial and consumable hemp. (8/1/24) (EG SEE FISC NOTE RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to industrial and consumable hemp. (8/1/24) (EG SEE FISC NOTE RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for licensure requirements relative to manufactured housing. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for licensure requirements relative to manufactured housing. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the use of satellite photos when inspecting a property that has been issued an insurance policy. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the use of satellite photos when inspecting a property that has been issued an insurance policy. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the location of the Louisiana Vietnam Veterans Memorial. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the location of the Louisiana Vietnam Veterans Memorial. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the prescriptive period for certain actions for abuse of a minor. (6/14/24). Description: Provides for the prescriptive period for certain actions for abuse of a minor. (6/14/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Motor Fuels Underground Storage Tank Trust Dedicated Fund Account. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for the Motor Fuels Underground Storage Tank Trust Dedicated Fund Account. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the legislative auditor to audit certain capital outlay procedures. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Requires the legislative auditor to audit certain capital outlay procedures. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Agricultural Chemistry and Seed Commission. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Agricultural Chemistry and Seed Commission. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to educational programs provided by correctional facilities. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to educational programs provided by correctional facilities. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires city, parish and other local public school boards to adopt and implement a program to facilitate behavior health intervention and referral for treatment. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Requires city, parish and other local public school boards to adopt and implement a program to facilitate behavior health intervention and referral for treatment. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to parental consent for changes to an individualized education program. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to parental consent for changes to an individualized education program. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the districts of the supreme court. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the districts of the supreme court. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to board members and qualifications of the State Board of Examiners of Interior Designers. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to board members and qualifications of the State Board of Examiners of Interior Designers. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to early or absentee by mail voting and the passing of that voter before election day. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to early or absentee by mail voting and the passing of that voter before election day. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for amending and transferring commercial truck permits. (8/1/24) (EN DECREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for amending and transferring commercial truck permits. (8/1/24) (EN DECREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for additional poll watchers at polling places for elections. (8/1/24) (EN +$67,150 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for additional poll watchers at polling places for elections. (8/1/24) (EN +$67,150 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expands the Parents' Bill of Rights for Public Schools. (8/1/24). Description: Expands the Parents' Bill of Rights for Public Schools. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to public contracts and public works. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to public contracts and public works. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a state sales tax rebate for the purchase of equipment, machinery, and other items used in lithium recovery activities. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Creates a state sales tax rebate for the purchase of equipment, machinery, and other items used in lithium recovery activities. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to volunteer board members of certain interlocal risk management agencies. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to volunteer board members of certain interlocal risk management agencies. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for relative concurrent jurisdiction of federal military installations within the state. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for relative concurrent jurisdiction of federal military installations within the state. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the M.J. Foster Promise Award Program. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to the M.J. Foster Promise Award Program. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for bait shrimp. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for bait shrimp. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the administration of funds of the fire district in certain parishes. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the administration of funds of the fire district in certain parishes. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of coerced criminal abortion by means of fraud to prohibit a third-party from knowingly using an abortion-inducing drug to cause, or attempt to cause, an abortion on an unsuspecting pregnant mother without her knowledge or consent and amends various abortion criminal laws to add the crime of attempted abortion. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Creates the crime of coerced criminal abortion by means of fraud to prohibit a third-party from knowingly using an abortion-inducing drug to cause, or attempt to cause, an abortion on an unsuspecting pregnant mother without her knowledge or consent and amends various abortion criminal laws to add the crime of attempted abortion. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for requirements to the land-based casino operating contract. (7/1/24). Description: Provides for requirements to the land-based casino operating contract. (7/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Pregnancy and Baby Care Initiative. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Pregnancy and Baby Care Initiative. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for supplemental pay for fire protection officers of the Port of South Louisiana. (7/1/24) (EN +$86,400 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for supplemental pay for fire protection officers of the Port of South Louisiana. (7/1/24) (EN +$86,400 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to brine. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to brine. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides primary point of contact for workforce solutions. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Provides primary point of contact for workforce solutions. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Confirms the protections of free speech and First Amendment protected activities on college and university campuses. (gov sig). Description: Confirms the protections of free speech and First Amendment protected activities on college and university campuses. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for rate filing procedures and requirements for rate making. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for rate filing procedures and requirements for rate making. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to emergency medical services. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to emergency medical services. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for health insurance coverage of pregnancy-related and postpartum healthcare services. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for health insurance coverage of pregnancy-related and postpartum healthcare services. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for transactions involving firearms and ammunition retailers. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Provides for transactions involving firearms and ammunition retailers. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits issuing traffic violation citations in certain circumstances. (gov sig). Description: Prohibits issuing traffic violation citations in certain circumstances. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a special master for New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board. (gov sig). Description: Provides for a special master for New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the penalty for human trafficking involving sexual activity of persons under the age of eighteen. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Increases the penalty for human trafficking involving sexual activity of persons under the age of eighteen. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires every public and approved nonpublic secondary school to print "988" on the back of all school IDs. (7/1/24). Description: Requires every public and approved nonpublic secondary school to print "988" on the back of all school IDs. (7/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Adoption Awareness Act. (8/1/24) (EN +$334,379 FF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the Adoption Awareness Act. (8/1/24) (EN +$334,379 FF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Giving All True Opportunity to Rise (LA GATOR) Scholarship Program to provide educational savings accounts for parental choice in K-12 education. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Giving All True Opportunity to Rise (LA GATOR) Scholarship Program to provide educational savings accounts for parental choice in K-12 education. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to charter schools. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to charter schools. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the capital outlay process. (7/1/24) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the capital outlay process. (7/1/24) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an informational document to be made available to pregnant mothers following the diagnosis of a fetal abnormality with respect to their unborn child. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for an informational document to be made available to pregnant mothers following the diagnosis of a fetal abnormality with respect to their unborn child. (8/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for training and education on post traumatic stress and emotional support for certain fighters. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for training and education on post traumatic stress and emotional support for certain fighters. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for mandatory mental health days for high school students under certain circumstances. (gov sig) (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for mandatory mental health days for high school students under certain circumstances. (gov sig) (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to training for volunteer firefighters on forest fire and wildfire suppression. (gov sig) (EN +$420,000 FF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to training for volunteer firefighters on forest fire and wildfire suppression. (gov sig) (EN +$420,000 FF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals the Occupational Licensing Review Commission. (1/1/25) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX). Description: Repeals the Occupational Licensing Review Commission. (1/1/25) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for dyslexia screening and subsequent testing and core assessment. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for dyslexia screening and subsequent testing and core assessment. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a premium discount for certain military personnel. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for a premium discount for certain military personnel. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires health coverage plans to include alternative imaging methods to mammography. (gov sig). Description: Requires health coverage plans to include alternative imaging methods to mammography. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to aggravated and simple obstruction of a highway of commerce. (gov sig) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to aggravated and simple obstruction of a highway of commerce. (gov sig) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative for the Major Events Incentive Fund and Program and the Events Incentive Fund and Program. (gov sig) (EN -$500,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative for the Major Events Incentive Fund and Program and the Events Incentive Fund and Program. (gov sig) (EN -$500,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Tumor Registry. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Tumor Registry. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the prevention of power-based violence in public postsecondary education institutions. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the prevention of power-based violence in public postsecondary education institutions. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires an applicant or an existing insured regarding a homeowner's insurance policy to disclose to their insurer the property is to be used or is being used as a group home. (gov sig). Description: Requires an applicant or an existing insured regarding a homeowner's insurance policy to disclose to their insurer the property is to be used or is being used as a group home. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an extension for premiums due for homeowners' policies. (8/1/25). Description: Provides for an extension for premiums due for homeowners' policies. (8/1/25)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for wellness programs in schools to address mental health and substance abuse disorders. (gov sig) (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for wellness programs in schools to address mental health and substance abuse disorders. (gov sig) (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for mental health evaluations of high school student athletes who are injured while participating in a sporting event. (gov sig) (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides for mental health evaluations of high school student athletes who are injured while participating in a sporting event. (gov sig) (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to charter schools. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to charter schools. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Dual Enrollment Framework Task Force. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the Dual Enrollment Framework Task Force. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for massage therapists and massage establishments. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides for massage therapists and massage establishments. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for regulation of litigation funding by a third party that is a foreign person, state, or wealth fund. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides for regulation of litigation funding by a third party that is a foreign person, state, or wealth fund. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for workforce training and education initiative for public assistance recipients. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for workforce training and education initiative for public assistance recipients. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to termination of a public health emergency. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to termination of a public health emergency. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to mandatory expulsion. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to mandatory expulsion. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to occupational experience of instructors in a technical or occupational course at proprietary schools. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to occupational experience of instructors in a technical or occupational course at proprietary schools. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Downtown Development District of the city of New Orleans. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the Downtown Development District of the city of New Orleans. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the French Quarter Management District. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the French Quarter Management District. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the boards and commissions within the Department of Insurance. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the boards and commissions within the Department of Insurance. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides venue options for insurance fraud and for the allocation of the insurance fraud assessment fund. (See Act). Description: Provides venue options for insurance fraud and for the allocation of the insurance fraud assessment fund. (See Act)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the termination of certain property, casualty, or liability policies. (See Act) (EG1 NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for the termination of certain property, casualty, or liability policies. (See Act) (EG1 NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for surgical castration of persons convicted of certain crimes when the victim is under the age of thirteen. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides for surgical castration of persons convicted of certain crimes when the victim is under the age of thirteen. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to motor vehicle service contracts. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to motor vehicle service contracts. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to individual income tax checkoff for donations to the Coastal Protection and Restoration Fund. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to individual income tax checkoff for donations to the Coastal Protection and Restoration Fund. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a special prestige license plate for "Telecommunicators" and for the "Special Needs Advocacy, Support and Inclusion of Abilities". (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates a special prestige license plate for "Telecommunicators" and for the "Special Needs Advocacy, Support and Inclusion of Abilities". (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits possession of firearms, ammunition, or electric weapons or devices by certain felons. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Prohibits possession of firearms, ammunition, or electric weapons or devices by certain felons. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Atchafalaya Basin Bridge. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the Atchafalaya Basin Bridge. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to voter identification requirements. (7/1/25). Description: Provides relative to voter identification requirements. (7/1/25)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to strategic plan records of a hospital service district. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to strategic plan records of a hospital service district. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to employees of the White Castle Housing Authority. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to employees of the White Castle Housing Authority. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of vandalizing, tampering with, or destroying a crime camera system. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Creates the crime of vandalizing, tampering with, or destroying a crime camera system. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of unlawful entry or reentry into the state of Louisiana by an alien. (See Act) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Creates the crime of unlawful entry or reentry into the state of Louisiana by an alien. (See Act) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Changes the name of the Lafourche Basin Levee District. (8/1/24). Description: Changes the name of the Lafourche Basin Levee District. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the collection of utility fees for the stormwater management utility districts in St. Landry Parish. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the collection of utility fees for the stormwater management utility districts in St. Landry Parish. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana State Licensing Board for Contractors. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana State Licensing Board for Contractors. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for boundaries of the Amite River Basin Drainage and Water Conservation District. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for boundaries of the Amite River Basin Drainage and Water Conservation District. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for exemptions to the licensing and registration requirements for architects. (1/1/25). Description: Provides for exemptions to the licensing and registration requirements for architects. (1/1/25)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for reemployment of retirees of the Louisiana Sheriffs' Pension and Relief Fund. (gov sig) (EN SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE APV). Description: Provides for reemployment of retirees of the Louisiana Sheriffs' Pension and Relief Fund. (gov sig) (EN SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the hotel occupancy tax levied by the Shreveport-Bossier Convention and Tourist Bureau. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the hotel occupancy tax levied by the Shreveport-Bossier Convention and Tourist Bureau. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to election sections for judgeship of the family court for East Baton Rouge Parish. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to election sections for judgeship of the family court for East Baton Rouge Parish. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the penalties for the crimes of vehicular negligent injuring and first degree vehicular negligent injuring. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Increases the penalties for the crimes of vehicular negligent injuring and first degree vehicular negligent injuring. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that victims be allowed to directly address a defendant when providing a victim impact statement. (8/1/24). Description: Provides that victims be allowed to directly address a defendant when providing a victim impact statement. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Major Events Incentive Program. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Major Events Incentive Program. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To provide for retirees returning to positions covered by the Sheriffs' Pension and Relief Retirement Fund. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE APV). Description: To provide for retirees returning to positions covered by the Sheriffs' Pension and Relief Retirement Fund. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Removes the cap on the amount of any permanent benefit increase for recipients whose benefit is based on the record of someone who retired with at least 30 years of service credit. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Removes the cap on the amount of any permanent benefit increase for recipients whose benefit is based on the record of someone who retired with at least 30 years of service credit. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Changes the definition of "expenditure" in the Election Code. (8/1/24). Description: Changes the definition of "expenditure" in the Election Code. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the board membership of the Louisiana Energy and Power Authority. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for the board membership of the Louisiana Energy and Power Authority. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the Department of Wildlife & Fisheries to notify applicants for recreational fishing and hunting licenses of the option to become an organ and tissue donor and make an organ donation. (8/1/24) (EN +$20,000 SD EX See Note). Description: Requires the Department of Wildlife & Fisheries to notify applicants for recreational fishing and hunting licenses of the option to become an organ and tissue donor and make an organ donation. (8/1/24) (EN +$20,000 SD EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits early termination of probation and parole for certain offenses. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Prohibits early termination of probation and parole for certain offenses. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the installation and use of newborn safety devices at infant relinquishment sites designated in the Safe Haven Law. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Authorizes the installation and use of newborn safety devices at infant relinquishment sites designated in the Safe Haven Law. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to a disciplinarian or other school administrator to ride on a school bus transporting students to and from school. (gov sig) (RE INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to a disciplinarian or other school administrator to ride on a school bus transporting students to and from school. (gov sig) (RE INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in Ascension Parish.. Description: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in Ascension Parish.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of election fraud or forgery. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Creates the crime of election fraud or forgery. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a renaissance district in certain parishes. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Creates a renaissance district in certain parishes. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for firearm accident prevention and safety education for elementary school students. (8/1/24) (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for firearm accident prevention and safety education for elementary school students. (8/1/24) (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the time frame for authorized production or disclosure of financial records by banks. (8/1/24). Description: Extends the time frame for authorized production or disclosure of financial records by banks. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Child Abuse Neglect Registry. (7/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the Child Abuse Neglect Registry. (7/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the death penalty. (7/1/24). Description: Relative to the death penalty. (7/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the creation of the Juvenile Detention Commission for the purpose of reviewing and recommending funding for juvenile detention centers. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides with respect to the creation of the Juvenile Detention Commission for the purpose of reviewing and recommending funding for juvenile detention centers. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the capital area groundwater conservation district. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to the capital area groundwater conservation district. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of vapes at school. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the use of vapes at school. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to voter registration. (1/1/25). Description: Provides relative to voter registration. (1/1/25)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes minimum requirements for a levee commissioner. (8/1/24). Description: Establishes minimum requirements for a levee commissioner. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires in-person trauma-informed training for law enforcement officers. (8/1/24) (EN +$2,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Requires in-person trauma-informed training for law enforcement officers. (8/1/24) (EN +$2,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a Dyslexia Fund for the purpose of funding the testing of students for dyslexia. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Creates a Dyslexia Fund for the purpose of funding the testing of students for dyslexia. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the transfer of certain state property in Orleans Parish. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the transfer of certain state property in Orleans Parish. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to pharmaceutical reimbursements. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to pharmaceutical reimbursements. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the jurisdictional limits of city courts. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the jurisdictional limits of city courts. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to I-10 Calcasieu River Bridge. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to I-10 Calcasieu River Bridge. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to coroners. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to coroners. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Defines certain terms in the election code. (8/1/24). Description: Defines certain terms in the election code. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Extends the sunset of the LouisianaTax Free Shopping Program.. Description: Extends the sunset of the LouisianaTax Free Shopping Program.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the coroner of St. Tammany Parish. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the coroner of St. Tammany Parish. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Restricts the location of certain psychiatric facilities. (gov sig). Description: Restricts the location of certain psychiatric facilities. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for economic development districts in East Baton Rouge Parish. (gov sig). Description: Provides for economic development districts in East Baton Rouge Parish. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for lead service line replacement. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for lead service line replacement. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for gubernatorial appointments. (gov sig). Description: Provides for gubernatorial appointments. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Dental Loss Ratios for Dental Healthcare Services Plans Act. (1/1/25) (EN +$38,500 SG EX See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Dental Loss Ratios for Dental Healthcare Services Plans Act. (1/1/25) (EN +$38,500 SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to intercollegiate athletes at a postsecondary education institution. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Provides relative to intercollegiate athletes at a postsecondary education institution. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to criminal trespass. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to criminal trespass. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the office of the state public defender. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Provides for the office of the state public defender. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Ascension Parish Road Infrastructure Development Districts. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the Ascension Parish Road Infrastructure Development Districts. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows the Health Education course to be offered virtually under certain circumstances. (gov sig). Description: Allows the Health Education course to be offered virtually under certain circumstances. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Criminalizes the use of bait dogs in the training process for dog fighting. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Criminalizes the use of bait dogs in the training process for dog fighting. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for Lafayette Consolidated Government Employees. (8/1/24) (EN -$77,000 FC SG RV). Description: Provides for Lafayette Consolidated Government Employees. (8/1/24) (EN -$77,000 FC SG RV)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the powers and functions of the Lafayette Economic Development Authority. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the powers and functions of the Lafayette Economic Development Authority. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the University of Louisiana at Lafayette Economic Development District. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the University of Louisiana at Lafayette Economic Development District. (8/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to attorney service contracts. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to attorney service contracts. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for changes to the Louisiana Fortify Homes Program. (gov sig). Description: Provides for changes to the Louisiana Fortify Homes Program. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for hospital drug screenings. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for hospital drug screenings. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits making false statements in elections regarding candidates. (8/1/24). Description: Prohibits making false statements in elections regarding candidates. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for duties of the State Fire Marshal. (1/1/26). Description: Provides for duties of the State Fire Marshal. (1/1/26)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to underground utilities and facilities. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to underground utilities and facilities. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Leeville Bridge toll fee. (8/1/24) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Leeville Bridge toll fee. (8/1/24) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Department of Economic Development. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Provides for the Department of Economic Development. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the members of Renegade Troop for their patriotic service. Description: Commends the members of Renegade Troop for their patriotic service
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for licensure requirements in adoption services. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for licensure requirements in adoption services. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Amends provisions concerning selection of members of the Board of Ethics. (8/1/24). Description: Amends provisions concerning selection of members of the Board of Ethics. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for special charitable trusts. (gov sig). Description: Provides for special charitable trusts. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for uninsured and underinsured motorist insurance. (8/1/24). Description: Provides for uninsured and underinsured motorist insurance. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the levy of local fees and taxes on certain non-gaming incentives or inducements granted by certain licensees. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Provides relative to the levy of local fees and taxes on certain non-gaming incentives or inducements granted by certain licensees. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to public records requests. (8/1/24). Description: Provides relative to public records requests. (8/1/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for air monitoring. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for air monitoring. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the assessment, payment, and allocation of ad valorem taxes. (See Act) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the assessment, payment, and allocation of ad valorem taxes. (See Act) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for real estate service agreements. (gov sig). Description: Provides for real estate service agreements. (gov sig)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the illegal or negligent carrying of a concealed handgun. (7/4/24). Description: Provides relative to the illegal or negligent carrying of a concealed handgun. (7/4/24)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to required high-dosage tutoring for certain students. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to required high-dosage tutoring for certain students. (8/1/24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for violence prevention. (8/1/24) (EN +$95,613 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for violence prevention. (8/1/24) (EN +$95,613 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Melanie and Gaston Lanaux III on being named Outstanding Tree Farmers of the Year by the Louisiana Forestry Association. Description: Commends Melanie and Gaston Lanaux III on being named Outstanding Tree Farmers of the Year by the Louisiana Forestry Association
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the United States Congress to enact reforms to federal permitting policies to accelerate deployment of new energy infrastructure. Description: Urges and requests the United States Congress to enact reforms to federal permitting policies to accelerate deployment of new energy infrastructure
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the continuation of the Judicial Structure Task Force as established by House Resolution No. 30 of the 2022 Regular Session. Description: Provides for the continuation of the Judicial Structure Task Force as established by House Resolution No. 30 of the 2022 Regular Session
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends former Southern University football player Michael Louis Anderson for his contributions during the Jaguar's victory over Grambling State University in the 1979 Bayou Classic. Description: Commends former Southern University football player Michael Louis Anderson for his contributions during the Jaguar's victory over Grambling State University in the 1979 Bayou Classic
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, on the occasion of its one hundred sixteenth Founders' Day and CAMEO Award Celebration. Description: Commends Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, on the occasion of its one hundred sixteenth Founders' Day and CAMEO Award Celebration
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends STEM NOLA Fellow Naya Ellis on her selection as a 2024 Champion in the National STEM Challenge. Description: Commends STEM NOLA Fellow Naya Ellis on her selection as a 2024 Champion in the National STEM Challenge
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends STEM NOLA Fellow Jayden Marion Hall on his selection as a 2024 Champion in the National STEM Challenge. Description: Commends STEM NOLA Fellow Jayden Marion Hall on his selection as a 2024 Champion in the National STEM Challenge
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the governing authority of Concordia Parish to do a feasibility study regarding the establishment of a new form of parish government. Description: Requests the governing authority of Concordia Parish to do a feasibility study regarding the establishment of a new form of parish government
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Selena Guitreau on the occasion of her ninetieth birthday. Description: Commends Selena Guitreau on the occasion of her ninetieth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends The Arc Baton Rouge on its seventieth anniversary. Description: Commends The Arc Baton Rouge on its seventieth anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Continues the task force created by House Resolution No. 174 of the 2023 R.S. to study the educational programs in the prisons and jails of this state. Description: Continues the task force created by House Resolution No. 174 of the 2023 R.S. to study the educational programs in the prisons and jails of this state
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Honors the life of Dr. Gloria Jackson Bacon and expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on her death. Description: Honors the life of Dr. Gloria Jackson Bacon and expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on her death
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Honors the life of Dr. John Joseph Ernst, III, and expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on his death. Description: Honors the life of Dr. John Joseph Ernst, III, and expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on his death
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the National Votive Shrine of Our Lady of Prompt Succor on the occasion of the centennial anniversary of the shrine's dedication in New Orleans. Description: Commends the National Votive Shrine of Our Lady of Prompt Succor on the occasion of the centennial anniversary of the shrine's dedication in New Orleans
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the St. Scholastica Academy girls' soccer team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I state championship. Description: Commends the St. Scholastica Academy girls' soccer team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends John Gipson, Jr., on the occasion of his one hundredth birthday. Description: Commends John Gipson, Jr., on the occasion of his one hundredth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Parkway High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Parkway High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sonja Bailes on her selection as a 2024 Virginia K. Shehee Most Influential Woman by Holy Angels. Description: Commends Sonja Bailes on her selection as a 2024 Virginia K. Shehee Most Influential Woman by Holy Angels
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Zwolle High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division V Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Zwolle High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division V Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Nursery and Landscape Association for its "Plants Make a Difference" campaign. Description: Commends the Louisiana Nursery and Landscape Association for its "Plants Make a Difference" campaign
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Hyacinth "Heidi" Williamson on being named a 2024 Student of the Year finalist. Description: Commends Hyacinth "Heidi" Williamson on being named a 2024 Student of the Year finalist
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Heath Hardesty on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Description: Commends Heath Hardesty on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kamon Wier on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Description: Commends Kamon Wier on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Cameron Fontenot of Welsh Boy Scout Troop 29 on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Description: Commends Cameron Fontenot of Welsh Boy Scout Troop 29 on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to use of personal electronic devices and decorum in the House Chamber and committee rooms. Description: Provides relative to use of personal electronic devices and decorum in the House Chamber and committee rooms
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes March 19, 2024, as Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes March 19, 2024, as Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends women in industry in Louisiana for their essential roles in the state's economic, social, and cultural development. Description: Commends women in industry in Louisiana for their essential roles in the state's economic, social, and cultural development
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Avoyelles Public Charter School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division V Select state championship. Description: Commends the Avoyelles Public Charter School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division V Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Marksville High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division III Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Marksville High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division III Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Carol Gelderman. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Carol Gelderman
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Michael A. Fitts on his ten years as president of Tulane University. Description: Commends Michael A. Fitts on his ten years as president of Tulane University
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends WDSU-TV Chief Meteorologist Margaret Orr on the occasion of her retirement. Description: Commends WDSU-TV Chief Meteorologist Margaret Orr on the occasion of her retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes March 19, 2024, as Louisiana Association of Public Charter Schools, Charter School Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes March 19, 2024, as Louisiana Association of Public Charter Schools, Charter School Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jack and Jill of America, Inc., on its dedication to stimulating the growth, development, and quality of life of children. Description: Commends Jack and Jill of America, Inc., on its dedication to stimulating the growth, development, and quality of life of children
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Thursday, May 9, 2024, as 4-H Day at the state capitol and commends the state 4-H officers. Description: Designates Thursday, May 9, 2024, as 4-H Day at the state capitol and commends the state 4-H officers
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March 19, 2024, as Louisiana Chemical Industry Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates March 19, 2024, as Louisiana Chemical Industry Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Rosepine High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division III Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Rosepine High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division III Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education to report to the legislature relative to the pilot program required by R.S. 17:437.2. Description: Requests the state Department of Education to report to the legislature relative to the pilot program required by R.S. 17:437.2
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Vital Records Registry to effectuate the provisions of R.S. 40:34.2. Description: Requests the Vital Records Registry to effectuate the provisions of R.S. 40:34.2
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Natalie Kingston, the 2024 Emmy Award winner for cinematography for the "Black Bird" miniseries. Description: Commends Natalie Kingston, the 2024 Emmy Award winner for cinematography for the "Black Bird" miniseries
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends McIlhenny Company in Iberia Parish for more than one hundred fifty years of service as a family-owned Louisiana business. Description: Commends McIlhenny Company in Iberia Parish for more than one hundred fifty years of service as a family-owned Louisiana business
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March 27, 2024, as Louisiana Athletic Trainers' Association (LATA) Day at the state capitol and commends the members of LATA. Description: Designates March 27, 2024, as Louisiana Athletic Trainers' Association (LATA) Day at the state capitol and commends the members of LATA
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 15, 2024, as Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 15, 2024, as Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Arcadia High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division IV Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Arcadia High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division IV Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Phyllis Anne Perron. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Phyllis Anne Perron
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers. Description: Commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Peabody boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division II Select state championship. Description: Commends the Peabody boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division II Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Renita Page on her installation as governor of the Louisiana District of Pilot International. Description: Commends Renita Page on her installation as governor of the Louisiana District of Pilot International
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Southern University Board of Supervisors take steps necessary to establish a medical school on the campus of Southern University at Baton Rouge. Description: Requests that the Southern University Board of Supervisors take steps necessary to establish a medical school on the campus of Southern University at Baton Rouge
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Southern University Bd. of Supervisors take steps necessary to establish a school of pharmacy and reestablish a school of architecture on the campus of Southern University at Baton Rouge. Description: Requests that the Southern University Bd. of Supervisors take steps necessary to establish a school of pharmacy and reestablish a school of architecture on the campus of Southern University at Baton Rouge
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 2, 2024, as Big Brothers Big Sisters Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 2, 2024, as Big Brothers Big Sisters Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March 27, 2024, as National Rifle Association of America and Louisiana Shooting Association Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates March 27, 2024, as National Rifle Association of America and Louisiana Shooting Association Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Teach For America for its efforts to address educational inequity across the country. Description: Commends Teach For America for its efforts to address educational inequity across the country
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates October 10, 2024, as Black Brewers' Day. Description: Designates October 10, 2024, as Black Brewers' Day
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2023-2024 Grambling State University men's basketball team on securing the program's first-ever NCAA tournament victory. Description: Commends the 2023-2024 Grambling State University men's basketball team on securing the program's first-ever NCAA tournament victory
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Thomas Alan "Tom" Greene. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Thomas Alan "Tom" Greene
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Henry L. Whitehorn, Sr., on his election as sheriff of Caddo Parish. Description: Commends Henry L. Whitehorn, Sr., on his election as sheriff of Caddo Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 2, 2024, as Geaux Far Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 2, 2024, as Geaux Far Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the House Committee on Ways and Means, or a subcommittee thereof, to study the state's tax structure and develop recommendations for tax system reforms (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Authorizes the House Committee on Ways and Means, or a subcommittee thereof, to study the state's tax structure and develop recommendations for tax system reforms (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Tuesday, May 14, 2024, as FFA day at the state capitol and commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association. Description: Designates Tuesday, May 14, 2024, as FFA day at the state capitol and commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the extension of Louisiana Highway 449 to I-12. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the extension of Louisiana Highway 449 to I-12
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the second Sunday in June as "Veterans Get Outside Day" in Louisiana. Description: Designates the second Sunday in June as "Veterans Get Outside Day" in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Rick Gallot on his appointment as president of the University of Louisiana System. Description: Commends Rick Gallot on his appointment as president of the University of Louisiana System
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends John Pierre on his appointment as chancellor of Southern University. Description: Commends John Pierre on his appointment as chancellor of Southern University
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Gulf State Renewable Energy Industries Association (GSREIA). Description: Commends the Gulf State Renewable Energy Industries Association (GSREIA)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bishop Kenneth W. Carter, Presiding Prelate, for presiding over the 4th Episcopal District Spring Convocation hosted at Reeves Temple C.M.E. Church in Lake Charles, Louisiana. Description: Commends Bishop Kenneth W. Carter, Presiding Prelate, for presiding over the 4th Episcopal District Spring Convocation hosted at Reeves Temple C.M.E. Church in Lake Charles, Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Willie Young, Sr., for his service with the Louisiana State Mineral and Energy Board and as a police juror in Claiborne Parish. Description: Commends Willie Young, Sr., for his service with the Louisiana State Mineral and Energy Board and as a police juror in Claiborne Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Martin Lemelle on his appointment as president of Grambling State University. Description: Commends Martin Lemelle on his appointment as president of Grambling State University
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers on the occasion of the thirtieth anniversary of the program. Description: Commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers on the occasion of the thirtieth anniversary of the program
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lacassine High School fifth grader Cecilia Hollier on her nomination as a finalist for Elementary Student of the Year in Louisiana. Description: Commends Lacassine High School fifth grader Cecilia Hollier on her nomination as a finalist for Elementary Student of the Year in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 9, 2024, as Louisiana Automobile Dealer Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 9, 2024, as Louisiana Automobile Dealer Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that a request for legislation which is to be prefiled or introduced during a regular session must be received by House Legislative Services staff not later than 72 hours prior to the applicable deadline. Description: Provides that a request for legislation which is to be prefiled or introduced during a regular session must be received by House Legislative Services staff not later than 72 hours prior to the applicable deadline
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 20, 2024, as Beausoleil Festival and Jambalaya Cook-Off Day in Louisiana. Description: Designates April 20, 2024, as Beausoleil Festival and Jambalaya Cook-Off Day in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Patricia Cooke on being the Louisiana Restaurant Association Education Foundation 2024 ProStart Educator of Excellence. Description: Commends Patricia Cooke on being the Louisiana Restaurant Association Education Foundation 2024 ProStart Educator of Excellence
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Martha Meaux Simmons. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Martha Meaux Simmons
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 11, 2024, as Child Advocacy Center (CAC) Day in Louisiana. Description: Designates April 11, 2024, as Child Advocacy Center (CAC) Day in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Briana "Ms. Bree" Alphonse on the occasion of her fifty-fifth birthday. Description: Commends Briana "Ms. Bree" Alphonse on the occasion of her fifty-fifth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. T. Lamar Goree on ten years of service to Caddo Schools as its superintendent. Description: Commends Dr. T. Lamar Goree on ten years of service to Caddo Schools as its superintendent
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson on the occasion of the opening of G-Unit Film & Television Studio in Shreveport. Description: Commends Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson on the occasion of the opening of G-Unit Film & Television Studio in Shreveport
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House on the death of Patrick "Pat" King. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House on the death of Patrick "Pat" King
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2024 Sicilian Heritage Festival in Independence, Louisiana, and its royal court on the occasion of the sixteenth anniversary of the festival. Description: Commends the 2024 Sicilian Heritage Festival in Independence, Louisiana, and its royal court on the occasion of the sixteenth anniversary of the festival
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the organizers, volunteers, and royal court of the 2024 Italian Festival in Tickfaw, Louisiana. Description: Commends the organizers, volunteers, and royal court of the 2024 Italian Festival in Tickfaw, Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 16, 2024, as AARP Louisiana Caregiver Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 16, 2024, as AARP Louisiana Caregiver Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 9, 2024, as Southern University Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 9, 2024, as Southern University Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Nicole Howard-Francis and Tangela Hampton-Sylvie on their advocacy for autism awareness. Description: Commends Nicole Howard-Francis and Tangela Hampton-Sylvie on their advocacy for autism awareness
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends AmeriCorps Seniors Foster Grandparent Program and designates May 3, 2024, as AmeriCorps Seniors Foster Grandparents Volunteer Day. Description: Commends AmeriCorps Seniors Foster Grandparent Program and designates May 3, 2024, as AmeriCorps Seniors Foster Grandparents Volunteer Day
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 10, 2024, as New Orleans Chamber of Commerce Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 10, 2024, as New Orleans Chamber of Commerce Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Corporals Adam Bradford and Maverick Morvant and police officers Hali Bradford, Alan Cortez, and Raynard Ford on being named 2024 National Association of Police Officers Top Cops. Description: Commends Corporals Adam Bradford and Maverick Morvant and police officers Hali Bradford, Alan Cortez, and Raynard Ford on being named 2024 National Association of Police Officers Top Cops
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 16, 2024, as Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 16, 2024, as Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Fairview High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division V Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Fairview High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division V Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Brittany and Drayden Dunn on their expansion of digital recognition for parents with autistic children. Description: Commends Brittany and Drayden Dunn on their expansion of digital recognition for parents with autistic children
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 27, 2024, as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day in Louisiana. Description: Designates June 27, 2024, as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Shreveport Councilwoman Tabatha Taylor and Dominique Taylor on their advocacy for autism awareness. Description: Commends Shreveport Councilwoman Tabatha Taylor and Dominique Taylor on their advocacy for autism awareness
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 11-17, 2024, as Black Maternal Health Week in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes April 11-17, 2024, as Black Maternal Health Week in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 15, 2024, as National Association of Social Workers Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 15, 2024, as National Association of Social Workers Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to study the role of ACT and WorkKeys scores in the school and district accountability system. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to study the role of ACT and WorkKeys scores in the school and district accountability system
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 17, 2024, as St. Charles Parish Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 17, 2024, as St. Charles Parish Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 6, 2024, as Louisiana Firefighters' Appreciation Day and commends firefighters in the state for their service and dedication. Description: Recognizes May 6, 2024, as Louisiana Firefighters' Appreciation Day and commends firefighters in the state for their service and dedication
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2024 St. Scholastica Academy varsity swim team on winning the school's thirteenth consecutive Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division II state championship. Description: Commends the 2024 St. Scholastica Academy varsity swim team on winning the school's thirteenth consecutive Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division II state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends St. Scholastica Academy in Covington for one hundred twenty years of educating young women in the Benedictine tradition of prayer, work, study, and community. Description: Commends St. Scholastica Academy in Covington for one hundred twenty years of educating young women in the Benedictine tradition of prayer, work, study, and community
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the St. Scholastica Academy cheer team on winning the Junior Varsity Non Tumbling Division II Game Day finals at the 2024 UCA National High School Cheerleading Championship. Description: Commends the St. Scholastica Academy cheer team on winning the Junior Varsity Non Tumbling Division II Game Day finals at the 2024 UCA National High School Cheerleading Championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the St. Scholastica Academy varsity soccer team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I state championship. Description: Commends the St. Scholastica Academy varsity soccer team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 16, 2024, as Tourism Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 16, 2024, as Tourism Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Michael Richard "Ricky" Reaves. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Michael Richard "Ricky" Reaves
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the members and the board of directors of the Louisiana School Boards Association. Description: Commends the members and the board of directors of the Louisiana School Boards Association
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the United States Congress to reform the Foreign Intelligence and Surveillance Act, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, and to restore the rights of privacy and unreasonable search and seizure. Description: Memorializes the United States Congress to reform the Foreign Intelligence and Surveillance Act, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, and to restore the rights of privacy and unreasonable search and seizure
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 18, 2024, as Junior League Day at the state capitol and commends the Junior League for its contributions to Louisiana. Description: Recognizes April 18, 2024, as Junior League Day at the state capitol and commends the Junior League for its contributions to Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Junior League of Shreveport-Bossier on the occasion of its ninetieth anniversary. Description: Commends the Junior League of Shreveport-Bossier on the occasion of its ninetieth anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Gloria Mae Bryant-Banks on the occasion of her ninetieth birthday. Description: Commends Gloria Mae Bryant-Banks on the occasion of her ninetieth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends BlackGirlsRun! on the occasion of the organization's fifteenth anniversary. Description: Commends BlackGirlsRun! on the occasion of the organization's fifteenth anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lynn Guillory on the occasion of her retirement. Description: Commends Lynn Guillory on the occasion of her retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Cole Stanford. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Cole Stanford
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Errol "Slu" Comeaux. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Errol "Slu" Comeaux
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes and requests the chairman of the House Committee on Agriculture, Forestry, Aquaculture and Rural Development to appoint a subcommittee to study and address the devastation of the forest industry due to the infestation of beetles. Description: Authorizes and requests the chairman of the House Committee on Agriculture, Forestry, Aquaculture and Rural Development to appoint a subcommittee to study and address the devastation of the forest industry due to the infestation of beetles
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 2024 as Financial Literacy Month in Louisiana. Description: Designates April 2024 as Financial Literacy Month in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends James Denver "Dennie" Williams for his years of service to CLECO and the state of Louisiana. Description: Commends James Denver "Dennie" Williams for his years of service to CLECO and the state of Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Denham Springs High School boys' bowling team on winning the 2024 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division I state championship. Description: Commends the Denham Springs High School boys' bowling team on winning the 2024 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division I state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Tanner Ward for his exemplary compassion as a medical student, leader, and ambassador of LSU Health Shreveport. Description: Commends Tanner Ward for his exemplary compassion as a medical student, leader, and ambassador of LSU Health Shreveport
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Yolanda Polk on being selected as the 2024 Louisiana Direct Support Professional of the Year by the American Network of Community Options and Resources. Description: Commends Yolanda Polk on being selected as the 2024 Louisiana Direct Support Professional of the Year by the American Network of Community Options and Resources
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Aubra Gantt on becoming the first woman to serve as chancellor of Southern University at Shreveport. Description: Commends Dr. Aubra Gantt on becoming the first woman to serve as chancellor of Southern University at Shreveport
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Rosalind Glover-Bryant on the occasion of her retirement. Description: Commends Rosalind Glover-Bryant on the occasion of her retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Michelle Yetman for her efforts to improve the lives of those with disabilities to aid the nonmedical professionals who work with those with disabilities. Description: Commends Dr. Michelle Yetman for her efforts to improve the lives of those with disabilities to aid the nonmedical professionals who work with those with disabilities
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Elmore Garner and First Lady Renae' Ussin Garner for thirty-two years of dedicated service to Mt. Calvary Baptist Church. Description: Commends Reverend Elmore Garner and First Lady Renae' Ussin Garner for thirty-two years of dedicated service to Mt. Calvary Baptist Church
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Katherine Weldon Jean. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Katherine Weldon Jean
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the La. Dept. of Wildlife and Fisheries to find ways to increase youth use of Wildlife Management Areas. Description: Urges and requests the La. Dept. of Wildlife and Fisheries to find ways to increase youth use of Wildlife Management Areas
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Boyd Padgett on his achievements and contributions to the field of plant pathology. Description: Commends Dr. Boyd Padgett on his achievements and contributions to the field of plant pathology
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Ronnie O. Blake on the occasion of his fifth pastoral anniversary. Description: Commends Reverend Ronnie O. Blake on the occasion of his fifth pastoral anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the House Select Committee on Homeland Security to review state government actions during the COVID-19 Pandemic and postpandemic period and make recommendations to improve the government's response in future health emergencies. Description: Requests the House Select Committee on Homeland Security to review state government actions during the COVID-19 Pandemic and postpandemic period and make recommendations to improve the government's response in future health emergencies
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 25, 2024, as Community Provider Association of Louisiana Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 25, 2024, as Community Provider Association of Louisiana Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University at Shreveport on its high state and national rankings in the second annual Economic Mobility Index. Description: Commends Louisiana State University at Shreveport on its high state and national rankings in the second annual Economic Mobility Index
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University at Shreveport on its selection to the Gardner Foundation's inaugural cohort. Description: Commends Louisiana State University at Shreveport on its selection to the Gardner Foundation's inaugural cohort
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University at Shreveport for its record-breaking enrollment. Description: Commends Louisiana State University at Shreveport for its record-breaking enrollment
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House on the death of Victoria "Vicki" Muhar Lore. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House on the death of Victoria "Vicki" Muhar Lore
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Tara P. Smith on receiving the 2024 National Impact Award from the National Sweetpotato Collaborators Group. Description: Commends Dr. Tara P. Smith on receiving the 2024 National Impact Award from the National Sweetpotato Collaborators Group
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends LSU Health New Orleans medical student Thomas Luke for his service as a member of the LSU Board of Supervisors and as student body president. Description: Commends LSU Health New Orleans medical student Thomas Luke for his service as a member of the LSU Board of Supervisors and as student body president
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Rahn Bailey, M.D., on being named by the American Psychiatric Association as the 2024 Solomon Carter Fuller Award recipient. Description: Commends Rahn Bailey, M.D., on being named by the American Psychiatric Association as the 2024 Solomon Carter Fuller Award recipient
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends LSU Health New Orleans on receipt of the Billy and Marcia Beer gift that fully funds scholarships for ten medical students each year. Description: Commends LSU Health New Orleans on receipt of the Billy and Marcia Beer gift that fully funds scholarships for ten medical students each year
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the LSU Health New Orleans School of Nursing on the occasion of its ninetieth anniversary. Description: Commends the LSU Health New Orleans School of Nursing on the occasion of its ninetieth anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bossier Parish Community College debater Lindsey Brown on her 2024 national championships. Description: Commends Bossier Parish Community College debater Lindsey Brown on her 2024 national championships
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates August 31, 2024, as Terry Slack Day in Louisiana. Description: Designates August 31, 2024, as Terry Slack Day in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the American Friends of Lafayette and recognizes their efforts to celebrate and commemorate General et Marquis de La Fayette's seven-day visit to Louisiana in 1825. Description: Commends the American Friends of Lafayette and recognizes their efforts to celebrate and commemorate General et Marquis de La Fayette's seven-day visit to Louisiana in 1825
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University at Eunice student athletes for their outstanding academic achievements. Description: Commends Louisiana State University at Eunice student athletes for their outstanding academic achievements
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University at Eunice for its partnership in the state's first respiratory therapy apprenticeship training program. Description: Commends Louisiana State University at Eunice for its partnership in the state's first respiratory therapy apprenticeship training program
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana State University at Eunice Fire and Emergency Services program for receiving the Fire and Emergency Services Higher Education Recognition certificate. Description: Commends the Louisiana State University at Eunice Fire and Emergency Services program for receiving the Fire and Emergency Services Higher Education Recognition certificate
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations for the creation of small or speedy claims procedures for actions under fifty thousand dollars. Description: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations for the creation of small or speedy claims procedures for actions under fifty thousand dollars
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 24, 2024, as LSU Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 24, 2024, as LSU Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the LSU Tigers gymnastics team for winning the 2024 NCAA national championship. Description: Commends the LSU Tigers gymnastics team for winning the 2024 NCAA national championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the LSU Tiger Girls dance team on winning the 2024 Division 1-A Hip Hop Universal Dance Association College Nationals. Description: Commends the LSU Tiger Girls dance team on winning the 2024 Division 1-A Hip Hop Universal Dance Association College Nationals
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Carl H. Stages, Jr., on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Carl H. Stages, Jr., on the occasion of his retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Liz Munson, owner of Liz's Where Y'at Diner, on her nomination as 2024 Restauranteur of the Year by the Louisiana Travel Association. Description: Commends Liz Munson, owner of Liz's Where Y'at Diner, on her nomination as 2024 Restauranteur of the Year by the Louisiana Travel Association
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to study the advisability and feasibility of requiring metal detection devices in public schools. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to study the advisability and feasibility of requiring metal detection devices in public schools
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Van Esther Pouncey on the occasion of her one hundredth birthday. Description: Commends Van Esther Pouncey on the occasion of her one hundredth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lauren Swanson on her selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Lauren Swanson on her selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Anna Jusselin on her selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Anna Jusselin on her selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Hudson Mobley on his selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Hudson Mobley on his selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Hunter Robertson on his selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Hunter Robertson on his selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Donald "Tr" Bishop, III, on his selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Donald "Tr" Bishop, III, on his selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Morgan Daigle on her selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Morgan Daigle on her selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Germyrion "Gigi" George on her selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Germyrion "Gigi" George on her selection as a 2024 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Declares April 22, 2024, as Ellevate Louisiana Day at the state capitol and recognizes the mission of Ellevate Louisiana to empower women. Description: Declares April 22, 2024, as Ellevate Louisiana Day at the state capitol and recognizes the mission of Ellevate Louisiana to empower women
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Steve Cochran for his work towards solving environmental issues in the state. Description: Commends Steve Cochran for his work towards solving environmental issues in the state
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 1, 2024, as St. Bernard Parish Day at the capitol. Description: Designates May 1, 2024, as St. Bernard Parish Day at the capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education consider the adoption of a policy allowing online public schools to administer state assessments remotely and in a virtual setting. Description: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education consider the adoption of a policy allowing online public schools to administer state assessments remotely and in a virtual setting
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the Optional Retirement Plan within the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana. Description: Creates a task force to study the Optional Retirement Plan within the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Nolan "Country" Ruiz on the occasion of his one hundredth birthday. Description: Commends Nolan "Country" Ruiz on the occasion of his one hundredth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Guangjun Wang on being awarded the Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship. Description: Commends Guangjun Wang on being awarded the Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the state Department of Education study and make recommendations relative to automated graduation progress monitoring initiatives to enhance timely high school graduation. Description: Requests that the state Department of Education study and make recommendations relative to automated graduation progress monitoring initiatives to enhance timely high school graduation
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 22, 2024, as The Arc Appreciation Day in Louisiana. Description: Designates May 22, 2024, as The Arc Appreciation Day in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 1, 2024, as Literacy Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 1, 2024, as Literacy Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 29, 2024, as Black Women in STEM Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 29, 2024, as Black Women in STEM Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Police Jury Association of Louisiana, Inc., on the occasion of its centennial celebration. Description: Commends the Police Jury Association of Louisiana, Inc., on the occasion of its centennial celebration
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 1, 2024, as Breaux Bridge Crawfish Festival Day at the state capitol and commends the 2024 festival organizers, volunteers, and royal court. Description: Recognizes May 1, 2024, as Breaux Bridge Crawfish Festival Day at the state capitol and commends the 2024 festival organizers, volunteers, and royal court
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Robert J. Evans, Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Robert J. Evans, Sr.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Gladys Mary Kimble Albin on the occasion of her ninety-ninth birthday. Description: Commends Gladys Mary Kimble Albin on the occasion of her ninety-ninth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Southeastern Louisiana University's cheer and dance teams on their 2024 UCA and UDA College Cheerleading and Dance Team national championships. Description: Commends Southeastern Louisiana University's cheer and dance teams on their 2024 UCA and UDA College Cheerleading and Dance Team national championships
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 1, 2024, as Domestic Violence Prevention Advocacy Day in the state of Louisiana. Description: Designates May 1, 2024, as Domestic Violence Prevention Advocacy Day in the state of Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of former state representative, Carl Norman Crane. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of former state representative, Carl Norman Crane
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Michael Shayne "Mike" Leach on his thirty-nine-year career as an educator. Description: Commends Michael Shayne "Mike" Leach on his thirty-nine-year career as an educator
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Parkway High School boys 4x400 meter relay team for breaking a long-standing record. Description: Commends the Parkway High School boys 4x400 meter relay team for breaking a long-standing record
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends The Willow School New Orleans varsity boys' soccer team on its incredible achievements. Description: Commends The Willow School New Orleans varsity boys' soccer team on its incredible achievements
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 1, 2024, as Nurses Day at the Capitol and May 6 through May 12, 2024, as National Nurses Week in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes May 1, 2024, as Nurses Day at the Capitol and May 6 through May 12, 2024, as National Nurses Week in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 1, 2024, as Maternal Mental Health Awareness Day in Louisiana. Description: Designates May 1, 2024, as Maternal Mental Health Awareness Day in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to authorize certain nonemergency medical transportation providers to furnish services outside of their designated regions in particular circumstances. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to authorize certain nonemergency medical transportation providers to furnish services outside of their designated regions in particular circumstances
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Archbishop Chapelle High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I Select state championship. Description: Commends the Archbishop Chapelle High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the La. State Law Institute to study the feasibility of statewide bail schedules. Description: Requests the La. State Law Institute to study the feasibility of statewide bail schedules
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study adoption proceedings. Description: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study adoption proceedings
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a subcommittee of the House Committee on Administration of Criminal Justice to examine matters relative to missing persons and unidentified and unclaimed remains. Description: Establishes a subcommittee of the House Committee on Administration of Criminal Justice to examine matters relative to missing persons and unidentified and unclaimed remains
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 17, 2024, as Necrotizing Enterocolitis Awareness Day in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes May 17, 2024, as Necrotizing Enterocolitis Awareness Day in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Van Denison on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Description: Commends Van Denison on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 2, 2024, as a National Day of Prayer. Description: Recognizes May 2, 2024, as a National Day of Prayer
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Maxine Elizabeth Sarpy for her lifetime of work in civil and voting rights. Description: Commends Maxine Elizabeth Sarpy for her lifetime of work in civil and voting rights
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 7, 2024, as Louisiana Music Advocacy Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 7, 2024, as Louisiana Music Advocacy Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 8, 2024, as City Year Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 8, 2024, as City Year Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Ready Louisiana Coalition and designates May 21, 2024, as Early Education Day at the state capitol. Description: Commends the Ready Louisiana Coalition and designates May 21, 2024, as Early Education Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the students and faculty of the Lafayette Parish School System for placing first overall in the Louisiana Governor's Games 27th Annual Elementary State Championship Fitness Meet. Description: Commends the students and faculty of the Lafayette Parish School System for placing first overall in the Louisiana Governor's Games 27th Annual Elementary State Championship Fitness Meet
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Mandeville Republican Women on forty years of volunteer public service. Description: Commends the Mandeville Republican Women on forty years of volunteer public service
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of David LaPlace Shall. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of David LaPlace Shall
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mable Smith on the occasion of her one hundred tenth birthday. Description: Commends Mable Smith on the occasion of her one hundred tenth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 7, 2024, as Plaquemines Parish Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 7, 2024, as Plaquemines Parish Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health to study and make recommendations on how to reduce the number of licensing boards of health professions. Description: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health to study and make recommendations on how to reduce the number of licensing boards of health professions
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 8, 2024, as Space Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 8, 2024, as Space Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Ruston High School football team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division I Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Ruston High School football team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division I Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ryan L. Williams for his advocacy for mental health and his community service. Description: Commends Ryan L. Williams for his advocacy for mental health and his community service
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the office for citizens with developmental disabilities (OCDD) to extend its Flexible Family Funds and waiver provisions in cases of emergency. Description: Directs the office for citizens with developmental disabilities (OCDD) to extend its Flexible Family Funds and waiver provisions in cases of emergency
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 12-18, 2024, as Police Week in Louisiana. Description: Designates May 12-18, 2024, as Police Week in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 9, 2024, as Communication Health Awareness. Description: Designates May 9, 2024, as Communication Health Awareness
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 8, 2024, as St. John the Baptist Parish Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 8, 2024, as St. John the Baptist Parish Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 14, 2024, as Delta Sigma Theta Incorporated Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 14, 2024, as Delta Sigma Theta Incorporated Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Robert Lee Burton. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Robert Lee Burton
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Montgomery High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division IV Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Montgomery High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division IV Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 15, 2024, as Coca-Cola Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 15, 2024, as Coca-Cola Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bhavik Reddy Kondala on being named 2024 Elementary School Student of the Year by the Louisiana Department of Education. Description: Commends Bhavik Reddy Kondala on being named 2024 Elementary School Student of the Year by the Louisiana Department of Education
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Assisted Living Association and recognizes May 14, 2024, as Assisted Living Day. Description: Commends the Louisiana Assisted Living Association and recognizes May 14, 2024, as Assisted Living Day
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to evaluate factors affecting children who are diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder in this state and their families. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to evaluate factors affecting children who are diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder in this state and their families
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Home Care Association and recognizes May 22, 2024, as Home Care Day. Description: Commends the Louisiana Home Care Association and recognizes May 22, 2024, as Home Care Day
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Randy Schmidt on being inducted into the New Orleans Track Club Hall of Fame. Description: Commends Randy Schmidt on being inducted into the New Orleans Track Club Hall of Fame
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the members and volunteers of the 2024 Concerned Women for America of Louisiana's Encourage-A-Legislator Project. Description: Commends the members and volunteers of the 2024 Concerned Women for America of Louisiana's Encourage-A-Legislator Project
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Probation and Parole Officers Association for fifty years of distinguished service. Description: Commends the Louisiana Probation and Parole Officers Association for fifty years of distinguished service
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Katherine Grinstead on the occasion of her eightieth birthday. Description: Commends Katherine Grinstead on the occasion of her eightieth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Iam Tucker on being named National 2024 Small Business Person of the Year. Description: Commends Iam Tucker on being named National 2024 Small Business Person of the Year
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the month of May as ALS Awareness Month in Louisiana. Description: Designates the month of May as ALS Awareness Month in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to study ways to develop and enhance recreational opportunities for certain portions of Little River. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to study ways to develop and enhance recreational opportunities for certain portions of Little River
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Wildlife and Fisheries Commission to modify administrative rules regarding the use of airboats in the Maurepas Swamp Wildlife Management Area. Description: Urges and requests the Wildlife and Fisheries Commission to modify administrative rules regarding the use of airboats in the Maurepas Swamp Wildlife Management Area
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 15, 2024, as Homeschool Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 15, 2024, as Homeschool Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dominion and Power Ministries on the occasion of its twenty-fifth anniversary. Description: Commends Dominion and Power Ministries on the occasion of its twenty-fifth anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 14, 2024, as Aviation Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 14, 2024, as Aviation Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of L'il Murphy Hines, Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of L'il Murphy Hines, Jr.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 5, 2024, as Ascension Credit Union Day in Louisiana. Description: Designates June 5, 2024, as Ascension Credit Union Day in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the city of Hammond on the occasion of the fortieth anniversary of its Main Street program. Description: Commends the city of Hammond on the occasion of the fortieth anniversary of its Main Street program
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the University High baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division III Select state championship. Description: Commends the University High baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division III Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the state Department of Education create a task force to research family and parent engagement in education and to submit a written report to the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education and the House Education Committee by December 31, 2025. Description: Requests that the state Department of Education create a task force to research family and parent engagement in education and to submit a written report to the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education and the House Education Committee by December 31, 2025
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Tammy Janell Downs. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Tammy Janell Downs
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the achievements of the Reginald F. Lewis Scholars. Description: Commends the achievements of the Reginald F. Lewis Scholars
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Edwin M. Roy, Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Edwin M. Roy, Jr.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the La. State Law Institute to study provisions relative to physical or sexual abuse of a minor and consider requiring a seventy-two hour hold for offenders. Description: Directs the La. State Law Institute to study provisions relative to physical or sexual abuse of a minor and consider requiring a seventy-two hour hold for offenders
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the brick-and-mortar casino operations in La.. Description: Requests a study of the brick-and-mortar casino operations in La.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the week of May 19 through 25, 2024, as Emergency Medical Services Week. Description: Recognizes the week of May 19 through 25, 2024, as Emergency Medical Services Week
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health, through its Medical Care Advisory Committee, or the creation of a subcommittee thereof, to study ways for Medicaid to invest in community-based social service organizations that address health-related social needs and determinants. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health, through its Medical Care Advisory Committee, or the creation of a subcommittee thereof, to study ways for Medicaid to invest in community-based social service organizations that address health-related social needs and determinants
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Judicial Council to determine the feasibility of a parishwide court in St. Helena Parish. Description: Requests the Judicial Council to determine the feasibility of a parishwide court in St. Helena Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Anthony Charles Amadeo, III, on being named the 2024 Statewide 8th Grade Student of the Year for Catholic Schools. Description: Commends Anthony Charles Amadeo, III, on being named the 2024 Statewide 8th Grade Student of the Year for Catholic Schools
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the state Department of Education to study reporting by school systems of incidents of school employees committing child abuse and sexual assault against students. Description: Directs the state Department of Education to study reporting by school systems of incidents of school employees committing child abuse and sexual assault against students
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the South Beauregard High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division III Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the South Beauregard High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division III Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Maxwell Butler on being named Neville High School 2024 Student of the Year. Description: Commends Maxwell Butler on being named Neville High School 2024 Student of the Year
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Larry Bringol on the occasion of his retirement after sixty years of barbering. Description: Commends Larry Bringol on the occasion of his retirement after sixty years of barbering
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes continuation of the Safe Alternatives to Segregation Task Force and provides for membership, powers, and duties and a report of findings. Description: Authorizes continuation of the Safe Alternatives to Segregation Task Force and provides for membership, powers, and duties and a report of findings
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the athletic and scholastic achievements of Harlem Michael Berry on the occasion of his seventeenth birthday. Description: Commends the athletic and scholastic achievements of Harlem Michael Berry on the occasion of his seventeenth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Simpson High School Lady Broncos Track and Field team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Class C state championship. Description: Commends the Simpson High School Lady Broncos Track and Field team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Class C state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To urge and request the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority to report on potential liabilities to the state general fund if the Mid-Barataria Sediment Diversion project is not timely completed (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: To urge and request the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority to report on potential liabilities to the state general fund if the Mid-Barataria Sediment Diversion project is not timely completed (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bryan Camerlinck on his selection as president and chief executive officer of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana. Description: Commends Bryan Camerlinck on his selection as president and chief executive officer of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the expansion of a portion of Lousiana Highway 21 to four lanes. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the expansion of a portion of Lousiana Highway 21 to four lanes
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Olivia Stewart for her exemplary contributions to Louisiana as president and owner of Oxbow Rum Distillery. Description: Commends Olivia Stewart for her exemplary contributions to Louisiana as president and owner of Oxbow Rum Distillery
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Port of New Orleans to hold town hall meetings in every St. Bernard Parish Council district regarding the proposed Louisiana International Terminal. Description: Urges and requests the Port of New Orleans to hold town hall meetings in every St. Bernard Parish Council district regarding the proposed Louisiana International Terminal
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to work with the Louisiana State Board of Medical Examiners to study and make recommendations to establish a more efficient process for licensing nondiagnostic technicians. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to work with the Louisiana State Board of Medical Examiners to study and make recommendations to establish a more efficient process for licensing nondiagnostic technicians
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests state agencies to seek funding, through state or federal funds or available grants, for unfunded programs and policies (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requests state agencies to seek funding, through state or federal funds or available grants, for unfunded programs and policies (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Wayne Warner on his fiftieth year as principal of Chalmette High School. Description: Commends Wayne Warner on his fiftieth year as principal of Chalmette High School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the House Committee on Administration of Criminal Justice, or a subcommittee thereof, to conduct an oversight meeting relative to charitable gaming. Description: Requests the House Committee on Administration of Criminal Justice, or a subcommittee thereof, to conduct an oversight meeting relative to charitable gaming
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests state retirement systems to submit reports regarding procedures for proxy voting. Description: Requests state retirement systems to submit reports regarding procedures for proxy voting
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Christine Bayard on being awarded the Milken Educator Award. Description: Commends Christine Bayard on being awarded the Milken Educator Award
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Rachel Broussard on the occasion of her retirement from state government service. Description: Commends Rachel Broussard on the occasion of her retirement from state government service
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 20, 2024, as Veterans Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 20, 2024, as Veterans Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Preston Smith Wise. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Preston Smith Wise
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Louisiana Department of Health review sickle cell disease legislation. Description: Requests that the Louisiana Department of Health review sickle cell disease legislation
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ronnie S. Johns on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Ronnie S. Johns on the occasion of his retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To urge and request the La. Dept. of Transportation and Development to study best practices for letting of public contracts to disadvantaged business entities and to report recommendations for legislative changes to implement such best practices no later than December 15, 2024 (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: To urge and request the La. Dept. of Transportation and Development to study best practices for letting of public contracts to disadvantaged business entities and to report recommendations for legislative changes to implement such best practices no later than December 15, 2024 (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study road conditions on particular highways that intersect with United States Highway 61 in St. John the Baptist Parish. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study road conditions on particular highways that intersect with United States Highway 61 in St. John the Baptist Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study conditions on Louisiana Highway 44 in Reserve, Louisiana, to add sidewalks. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study conditions on Louisiana Highway 44 in Reserve, Louisiana, to add sidewalks
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests state officials, including legislators and appropriate Department of Transportation and Department of Economic Development officials, to read the Critical Development Issues Overview report by Vickerman and Associates commissioned by the St. Bernard Parish government. Description: Urges and requests state officials, including legislators and appropriate Department of Transportation and Department of Economic Development officials, to read the Critical Development Issues Overview report by Vickerman and Associates commissioned by the St. Bernard Parish government
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a study group to study K-12 education and submit a report by December 1, 2024. Description: Creates a study group to study K-12 education and submit a report by December 1, 2024
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Louisiana Department of Health study the feasibility of opening an inpatient hospital in St. John the Baptist Parish. Description: Requests that the Louisiana Department of Health study the feasibility of opening an inpatient hospital in St. John the Baptist Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests that the Department of Transportation and Development to install left turn caution light signals at certain intersections. Description: Urges and requests that the Department of Transportation and Development to install left turn caution light signals at certain intersections
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education prioritize policies on instruction relative to CPR and the use of an automated external defibrillator in its rulemaking process. Description: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education prioritize policies on instruction relative to CPR and the use of an automated external defibrillator in its rulemaking process
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Christopher Forest Stafford. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Christopher Forest Stafford
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jefferson Davis Parish sheriff, Ivy Woods, on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Jefferson Davis Parish sheriff, Ivy Woods, on the occasion of his retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Crescent City Steakhouse on its ninetieth anniversary. Description: Commends Crescent City Steakhouse on its ninetieth anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Benton High School girls' basketball coach, Mary Ward, on the occasion of her retirement from coaching. Description: Commends Benton High School girls' basketball coach, Mary Ward, on the occasion of her retirement from coaching
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Nathaniel Dowl, III, on the occasion of his second pastoral anniversary. Description: Commends Dr. Nathaniel Dowl, III, on the occasion of his second pastoral anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Fred Middleton on receiving the 2024 Deputy of the Year Award from the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association. Description: Commends Fred Middleton on receiving the 2024 Deputy of the Year Award from the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the feasibility of transitioning from the National Fire Protection Association's life safety and construction codes. Description: Creates a task force to study the feasibility of transitioning from the National Fire Protection Association's life safety and construction codes
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends KID smART for being selected to lead the Bloomberg Arts Internship Program in New Orleans. Description: Commends KID smART for being selected to lead the Bloomberg Arts Internship Program in New Orleans
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to conduct a study that examines the relationship between unexpected deaths of infants and children, ages two and under, and the administration of vaccinations. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to conduct a study that examines the relationship between unexpected deaths of infants and children, ages two and under, and the administration of vaccinations
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health and its Medicaid program to update the outpatient laboratory fee schedule to reflect coverage of all related Current Procedural Terminology codes for respiratory viral panels. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health and its Medicaid program to update the outpatient laboratory fee schedule to reflect coverage of all related Current Procedural Terminology codes for respiratory viral panels
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a subcommittee of the House of Representatives to study the makeup of the state's current music industry ecosystem and economic impact on the state. Description: Creates a subcommittee of the House of Representatives to study the makeup of the state's current music industry ecosystem and economic impact on the state
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Fred Middleton on receiving the 2024 Deputy of the Year Award from the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association. Description: Commends Fred Middleton on receiving the 2024 Deputy of the Year Award from the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends House Legislative Services executive director, Greg Riley, for perseverance in his duties after a fire at his farm. Description: Commends House Legislative Services executive director, Greg Riley, for perseverance in his duties after a fire at his farm
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to promulgate rules and regulations to create an exception to facility need review procedures for certain behavioral health service providers. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to promulgate rules and regulations to create an exception to facility need review procedures for certain behavioral health service providers
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the New Orleans Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kids Competition Camp for its commitment to excellence in martial arts competitions. Description: Commends the New Orleans Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kids Competition Camp for its commitment to excellence in martial arts competitions
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends 2024 Tulane University student Destiny Louis on the occasion of her graduation. Description: Commends 2024 Tulane University student Destiny Louis on the occasion of her graduation
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Antionette Van on being named Miss Caddo Parish 2024. Description: Commends Antionette Van on being named Miss Caddo Parish 2024
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends 2024 Huntington High School student Jacie LaCour on the occasion of her graduation and receipt of a scholarship to Tulane University. Description: Commends 2024 Huntington High School student Jacie LaCour on the occasion of her graduation and receipt of a scholarship to Tulane University
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sherika Clay of Shreveport's Woodlawn High School on her accomplishments in the National Jobs for America's Graduates Career Association. Description: Commends Sherika Clay of Shreveport's Woodlawn High School on her accomplishments in the National Jobs for America's Graduates Career Association
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends LaBria Small of Shreveport's Woodlawn High School on her accomplishments in the National Jobs for America's Graduates Career Association. Description: Commends LaBria Small of Shreveport's Woodlawn High School on her accomplishments in the National Jobs for America's Graduates Career Association
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Austin Small-Jones of Shreveport's Woodlawn High School on being named National Jobs for America's Graduates Career Association president-elect. Description: Commends Austin Small-Jones of Shreveport's Woodlawn High School on being named National Jobs for America's Graduates Career Association president-elect
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Partners in Protecting Children Subcommittee of the Children's Cabinet Advisory Board to study the needs of the child welfare system in this state. Description: Directs the Partners in Protecting Children Subcommittee of the Children's Cabinet Advisory Board to study the needs of the child welfare system in this state
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jeff Albright for his contributions to Louisiana on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Jeff Albright for his contributions to Louisiana on the occasion of his retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 29, 2024, as New Orleans Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 29, 2024, as New Orleans Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lance Corporal Chris Spicer, Jr., on receiving the 2024 Deputy Valor Award from the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association. Description: Commends Lance Corporal Chris Spicer, Jr., on receiving the 2024 Deputy Valor Award from the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mary Francis "Sissie" Jones on the occasion of her seventieth birthday. Description: Commends Mary Francis "Sissie" Jones on the occasion of her seventieth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Steven Gallodoro. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Steven Gallodoro
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends United Kingdom Consul General, Richard Hyde, on his engagement with and interest in Louisiana. Description: Commends United Kingdom Consul General, Richard Hyde, on his engagement with and interest in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Board of Regents study two-year colleges in Union, Claiborne, and Bienville parishes and submit a written report to the House Committee on Education by January 31, 2025. Description: Requests that the Board of Regents study two-year colleges in Union, Claiborne, and Bienville parishes and submit a written report to the House Committee on Education by January 31, 2025
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Catholic High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I Select state championship. Description: Commends the Catholic High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Harold "Fox" Martin Vicknair, Sr., on the occasion of his one hundredth birthday. Description: Commends Harold "Fox" Martin Vicknair, Sr., on the occasion of his one hundredth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Chantelle Hataway on being awarded the 2024 Louisiana Ag in the Classroom Teacher of the Year. Description: Commends Chantelle Hataway on being awarded the 2024 Louisiana Ag in the Classroom Teacher of the Year
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March 21 through 27, 2025, as Louisiana Ag Week at the state capitol. Description: Designates March 21 through 27, 2025, as Louisiana Ag Week at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mary Francis "Sissie" Jones on the occasion of her seventieth birthday. Description: Commends Mary Francis "Sissie" Jones on the occasion of her seventieth birthday
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Maudrie Peters Jones Ross. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Maudrie Peters Jones Ross
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes gene editing as a significant advancement in the treatment of sickle cell disease. Description: Recognizes gene editing as a significant advancement in the treatment of sickle cell disease
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the United States Environmental Protection Agency to take action on feral hog toxicant testing and registration. Description: Urges and requests the United States Environmental Protection Agency to take action on feral hog toxicant testing and registration
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Emily "Emmy" Ella Rabalais on her many accomplishments and on being named the first-ever Miss Teen Wheelchair Louisiana USA. Description: Commends Emily "Emmy" Ella Rabalais on her many accomplishments and on being named the first-ever Miss Teen Wheelchair Louisiana USA
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Omicron Lambda Omega Chapter of the Crescent City Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, on the occasion of the fortieth anniversary of its charter. Description: Commends the Omicron Lambda Omega Chapter of the Crescent City Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, on the occasion of the fortieth anniversary of its charter
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Loyce Pierce Wright on receipt of the 2024 Regina Matrum Award from the Archdiocese of New Orleans. Description: Commends Loyce Pierce Wright on receipt of the 2024 Regina Matrum Award from the Archdiocese of New Orleans
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Brother Matthew Lyons, CSC, for more than sixty years of service to the Catholic Church. Description: Commends Brother Matthew Lyons, CSC, for more than sixty years of service to the Catholic Church
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes and directs the office of motor vehicles to exercise greater discretion in the issuance of both temporary and permanent license plates and Louisiana State Police to increase enforcement to deter the influx of fictitious license plates. Description: Authorizes and directs the office of motor vehicles to exercise greater discretion in the issuance of both temporary and permanent license plates and Louisiana State Police to increase enforcement to deter the influx of fictitious license plates
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Catholic High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I Select state championship. Description: Commends the Catholic High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 31, 2024, as Louisiana Judicial Council of the National Bar Association Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 31, 2024, as Louisiana Judicial Council of the National Bar Association Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Frank Joseph Johnson. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Frank Joseph Johnson
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Cassandra Montgomery for her work in behavioral health. Description: Commends Dr. Cassandra Montgomery for her work in behavioral health
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Doug Moreau on receipt of the Joe Gemelli Fleur de Lis Award from the New Orleans Saints. Description: Commends Doug Moreau on receipt of the Joe Gemelli Fleur de Lis Award from the New Orleans Saints
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the state and New Orleans civil service commissions not to proceed pursuant to Act No. 384 of this 2024 Regular Session of the Legislature. Description: Directs the state and New Orleans civil service commissions not to proceed pursuant to Act No. 384 of this 2024 Regular Session of the Legislature
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana State University Eunice Bengals baseball team on winning the 2024 National Junior College Athletic Association Division II championship. Description: Commends the Louisiana State University Eunice Bengals baseball team on winning the 2024 National Junior College Athletic Association Division II championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Drew Brees on his induction into the New Orleans Saints Hall of Fame. Description: Commends Drew Brees on his induction into the New Orleans Saints Hall of Fame
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Blade Schneider for graduating as one of four valedictorians in the 2024 graduation class of Holy Cross School. Description: Commends Blade Schneider for graduating as one of four valedictorians in the 2024 graduation class of Holy Cross School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Matthew Gorbaty for graduating as one of four valedictorians in the 2024 graduation class of Holy Cross School. Description: Commends Matthew Gorbaty for graduating as one of four valedictorians in the 2024 graduation class of Holy Cross School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Gage Baldassaro for graduating as one of four valedictorians in the 2024 graduation class of Holy Cross School. Description: Commends Gage Baldassaro for graduating as one of four valedictorians in the 2024 graduation class of Holy Cross School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Wyatt Audler for graduating as one of four valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Holy Cross School. Description: Commends Wyatt Audler for graduating as one of four valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Holy Cross School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Elijah Hogan on graduating as the valedictorian of the Walter L. Cohen High School Class of 2024. Description: Commends Elijah Hogan on graduating as the valedictorian of the Walter L. Cohen High School Class of 2024
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Selina Li for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School. Description: Commends Selina Li for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Tania Lanae White for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School. Description: Commends Tania Lanae White for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Summer Y-Nhi Tran for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School. Description: Commends Summer Y-Nhi Tran for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Gabrielle Lynn Thore for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School. Description: Commends Gabrielle Lynn Thore for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Peyton Elizabeth Scheeler for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School. Description: Commends Peyton Elizabeth Scheeler for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Alex Katherine Jorns for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School. Description: Commends Alex Katherine Jorns for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Katie Lynn Hambrice for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School. Description: Commends Katie Lynn Hambrice for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Elmi Antonio Gonzales for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School. Description: Commends Elmi Antonio Gonzales for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kylie Reese Bordelon for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School. Description: Commends Kylie Reese Bordelon for graduating as one of nine valedictorians in the 2024 graduating class of Chalmette High School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Tracey Ann Roque Small. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Tracey Ann Roque Small
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the benefits of opening the U.S. 90 West Pearl River Bridge, provide an estimate of the amount of maritime traffic traveling through the West Pearl River Bridge, and compare the advantages and disadvantages of a fixed versus movable bridge to deter potential barriers. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the benefits of opening the U.S. 90 West Pearl River Bridge, provide an estimate of the amount of maritime traffic traveling through the West Pearl River Bridge, and compare the advantages and disadvantages of a fixed versus movable bridge to deter potential barriers
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Condemns antisemitic violence on college campuses and expresses support for the state's Jewish students, faculty, staff, and communities. Description: Condemns antisemitic violence on college campuses and expresses support for the state's Jewish students, faculty, staff, and communities
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Donald Berniard on his graduation from the United States Naval Academy. Description: Commends Donald Berniard on his graduation from the United States Naval Academy
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family of Dr. Hans Paulsen Armstrong on the occasion of his passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family of Dr. Hans Paulsen Armstrong on the occasion of his passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family of Cynthia Gallent Morris on the occasion of her passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family of Cynthia Gallent Morris on the occasion of her passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family of Dr. Donald Gene Luther on the occasion of his passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family of Dr. Donald Gene Luther on the occasion of his passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family of Stanton Pendery Gibbens Jr. on the occasion of his passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family of Stanton Pendery Gibbens Jr. on the occasion of his passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to provide the Senate committees on finance and judiciary C with a list of rehabilitative programs that are offered at each correctional facility.. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to provide the Senate committees on finance and judiciary C with a list of rehabilitative programs that are offered at each correctional facility.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and recognizes the women who play a critical role in Louisiana's many industries.. Description: Commends and recognizes the women who play a critical role in Louisiana's many industries.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Margaret Orr on the occasion of her retirement from WDSU-TV.. Description: Commends Margaret Orr on the occasion of her retirement from WDSU-TV.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Gaston and Melanie Lanaux for being awarded the 2023 Tree Farmers of the Year by the Louisiana Forestry Association.. Description: Commends Gaston and Melanie Lanaux for being awarded the 2023 Tree Farmers of the Year by the Louisiana Forestry Association.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Tuesday, March 19, 2024, as Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Tuesday, March 19, 2024, as Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Tuesday, March 19, 2024, as Louisiana Chemical Industry Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Tuesday, March 19, 2024, as Louisiana Chemical Industry Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Thursday, April 11, 2024, as Child Advocacy Center Day in Louisiana.. Description: Designates Thursday, April 11, 2024, as Child Advocacy Center Day in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Community Responder Task Force to study the implementation of a partnership between law enforcement agencies, behavioral health providers, and hospitals.. Description: Creates the Community Responder Task Force to study the implementation of a partnership between law enforcement agencies, behavioral health providers, and hospitals.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of Carol Gelderman.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of Carol Gelderman.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of St. Mary Parish Sheriff Blaise Smith.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of St. Mary Parish Sheriff Blaise Smith.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Michael A. Fitts on his ten years as president of the Tulane University of Louisiana and designates March 20th as Tulane Day at the State Capitol.. Description: Commends Michael A. Fitts on his ten years as president of the Tulane University of Louisiana and designates March 20th as Tulane Day at the State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Saturday, October 5, 2024, as Ostomy Awareness Day.. Description: Recognizes Saturday, October 5, 2024, as Ostomy Awareness Day.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Grambling State University Tigers men's basketball team for their first NCAA Tournament appearance in school history.. Description: Commends Grambling State University Tigers men's basketball team for their first NCAA Tournament appearance in school history.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sonja Bailes on her selection as a 2024 Virginia K. Shehee Most Influential Woman by Holy Angels.. Description: Commends Sonja Bailes on her selection as a 2024 Virginia K. Shehee Most Influential Woman by Holy Angels.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana Athletic Trainers Association members for their work on behalf of Louisiana athletes and designates March 27, 2024, as Louisiana Athletic Trainers Day at the State Capitol.. Description: Commends Louisiana Athletic Trainers Association members for their work on behalf of Louisiana athletes and designates March 27, 2024, as Louisiana Athletic Trainers Day at the State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Thursday, April 25, 2024, as Community Provider Association of Louisiana Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates Thursday, April 25, 2024, as Community Provider Association of Louisiana Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Tuesday, April 2, 2024 as Big Brothers Big Sisters Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Tuesday, April 2, 2024 as Big Brothers Big Sisters Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Pastor Jimmy Stevens. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Pastor Jimmy Stevens
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Wednesday, March 27, 2024, as the NRA and Louisiana Shooting Association Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates Wednesday, March 27, 2024, as the NRA and Louisiana Shooting Association Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Wednesday, April 3, 2024, as Gulf State Renewable Energy Industries Association Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates Wednesday, April 3, 2024, as Gulf State Renewable Energy Industries Association Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Erin McCarty for forty years of radio broadcasting excellence.. Description: Commends Erin McCarty for forty years of radio broadcasting excellence.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Geaux Far Louisiana Coalition and to designate Tuesday, April 2, 2024 as Geaux Far Day at the state capitol.. Description: Commends the Geaux Far Louisiana Coalition and to designate Tuesday, April 2, 2024 as Geaux Far Day at the state capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April as the Month of the Military Child for the Bossier Parish School System.. Description: Recognizes April as the Month of the Military Child for the Bossier Parish School System.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends members of the Louisiana Automobile Dealers Association for their activities and contributions to the people of Louisiana and to designate Tuesday, April 9, 2024, as Louisiana Automobile Dealer Day at the state capitol.. Description: Commends members of the Louisiana Automobile Dealers Association for their activities and contributions to the people of Louisiana and to designate Tuesday, April 9, 2024, as Louisiana Automobile Dealer Day at the state capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends United Way of Southeast Louisiana on the occasion of its centennial anniversary.. Description: Commends United Way of Southeast Louisiana on the occasion of its centennial anniversary.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, April 10, 2024, as New Orleans Chamber Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, April 10, 2024, as New Orleans Chamber Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and recognizes Pastor Charles Edward "CeJay" Johnson for his outstanding accomplishments and service to the community.. Description: Commends and recognizes Pastor Charles Edward "CeJay" Johnson for his outstanding accomplishments and service to the community.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Tuesday, April 9, 2024, as Southern University Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates Tuesday, April 9, 2024, as Southern University Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 4, 2024, as Louisiana Firefighter's Appreciation Day and commends the firefighters of Louisiana for their dedication.. Description: Recognizes May 4, 2024, as Louisiana Firefighter's Appreciation Day and commends the firefighters of Louisiana for their dedication.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 2024 as Financial Literacy Awareness Month in Louisiana.. Description: Recognizes April 2024 as Financial Literacy Awareness Month in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Tuesday, April 16, 2024, as AARP Louisiana Caregiver Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates Tuesday, April 16, 2024, as AARP Louisiana Caregiver Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Tom Greene, devoted family man, veterinarian, and former state senator.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Tom Greene, devoted family man, veterinarian, and former state senator.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Bayou Community Foundation for its efforts to assist Louisiana's coastal communities in Lafourche and Terrebonne parishes and the town of Grand Isle.. Description: Commends the Bayou Community Foundation for its efforts to assist Louisiana's coastal communities in Lafourche and Terrebonne parishes and the town of Grand Isle.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Junior League for its contributions to the state of Louisiana and recognizes April 18, 2024, as Junior League Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Commends the Junior League for its contributions to the state of Louisiana and recognizes April 18, 2024, as Junior League Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To designate Tuesday, April 16, 2024, as Tourism Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: To designate Tuesday, April 16, 2024, as Tourism Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Tuesday, April 16, 2024, as Acadiana Red and White Day at the state capitol.. Description: Recognizes Tuesday, April 16, 2024, as Acadiana Red and White Day at the state capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 16, 2024, as AKA Day at the state capitol and commends the members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated.. Description: Recognizes April 16, 2024, as AKA Day at the state capitol and commends the members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the members and board of directors of the Louisiana School Boards Association.. Description: Commends the members and board of directors of the Louisiana School Boards Association.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Partnership for the Arts for their contributions to the arts and culture in Louisiana and designates Thursday, April 18, 2024, Arts Day in Louisiana.. Description: Commends the Louisiana Partnership for the Arts for their contributions to the arts and culture in Louisiana and designates Thursday, April 18, 2024, Arts Day in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Pastor Ronnie O. Blake on his five years of service as the ninth elected pastor of Mt. Pilgrim Baptist Church.. Description: Commends and congratulates Pastor Ronnie O. Blake on his five years of service as the ninth elected pastor of Mt. Pilgrim Baptist Church.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Opportunity Youth Task Force.. Description: Creates the Louisiana Opportunity Youth Task Force.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To commend and congratulate the Pentecostals of Wayside of Franklin Parish on its 104th anniversary.. Description: To commend and congratulate the Pentecostals of Wayside of Franklin Parish on its 104th anniversary.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Gerald L. Vinnett Sr., on his thirtieth anniversary as pastor of the Fifth African Baptist Church of St. Rose, Louisiana.. Description: Commends Gerald L. Vinnett Sr., on his thirtieth anniversary as pastor of the Fifth African Baptist Church of St. Rose, Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, May 1, 2024, as Links Day at the state capitol.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, May 1, 2024, as Links Day at the state capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges passage of the AM Radio for Every Vehicle Act and support for the inclusion of AM radio in vehicles.. Description: Urges passage of the AM Radio for Every Vehicle Act and support for the inclusion of AM radio in vehicles.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Michelle Yetman for her extraordinary community outreach to improve the lives of those with disabilities and the nonmedical professionals who deal with individuals with disabilities.. Description: Commends Dr. Michelle Yetman for her extraordinary community outreach to improve the lives of those with disabilities and the nonmedical professionals who deal with individuals with disabilities.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, May 8, 2024, as Louisiana Legislature Space Day at the state capitol.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, May 8, 2024, as Louisiana Legislature Space Day at the state capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mr. Thomas Luke for his laudable year of service as a member of the LSU Board of Supervisors while also serving as student body president and completing his medical education.. Description: Commends Mr. Thomas Luke for his laudable year of service as a member of the LSU Board of Supervisors while also serving as student body president and completing his medical education.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends David W. Gardner on the occasion of his promotion to Major General of the Unites States Army.. Description: Commends David W. Gardner on the occasion of his promotion to Major General of the Unites States Army.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Senate Security Officer Stanley B. Hughes for his service to the United States and the state of Louisiana.. Description: Recognizes Senate Security Officer Stanley B. Hughes for his service to the United States and the state of Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Wednesday, May 1, 2024, as Domestic Violence Advocacy Day in Louisiana.. Description: Designates Wednesday, May 1, 2024, as Domestic Violence Advocacy Day in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the LSU Health New Orleans School of Nursing on reaching its 90th anniversary of educating nurses of all levels, programs, and specialties.. Description: Commends the LSU Health New Orleans School of Nursing on reaching its 90th anniversary of educating nurses of all levels, programs, and specialties.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Brigadier General Robert W. "Rob" VanHoy II on the occasion of his retirement and recognize his many career accomplishments.. Description: Commends and congratulates Brigadier General Robert W. "Rob" VanHoy II on the occasion of his retirement and recognize his many career accomplishments.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends BlackGirlsRun on their 15th anniversary and celebrates their efforts promoting a healthy lifestyle for African American women.. Description: Commends BlackGirlsRun on their 15th anniversary and celebrates their efforts promoting a healthy lifestyle for African American women.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, April 24, 2024, as Louisiana Renewable Energy Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, April 24, 2024, as Louisiana Renewable Energy Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 9, 2024, as 4-H Day at the Senate of the Legislature of Louisiana and commends the state 4-H officers.. Description: Designates May 9, 2024, as 4-H Day at the Senate of the Legislature of Louisiana and commends the state 4-H officers.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 14, 2024, as Future Farmers of America (FFA) Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and commends the officers of the Louisiana FFA Association.. Description: Designates May 14, 2024, as Future Farmers of America (FFA) Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and commends the officers of the Louisiana FFA Association.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Rahn Bailey upon being the recipient of the 2024 Solomon Carter Fuller Award.. Description: Commends Dr. Rahn Bailey upon being the recipient of the 2024 Solomon Carter Fuller Award.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends LSU Health New Orleans, Chancellor Dr. Steve Nelson, and the LSU Health Foundation for the gift of $7.5 million from the Estate of Marcia and Billy Beer to fully fund medical school scholarships.. Description: Commends LSU Health New Orleans, Chancellor Dr. Steve Nelson, and the LSU Health Foundation for the gift of $7.5 million from the Estate of Marcia and Billy Beer to fully fund medical school scholarships.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes and commends Mrs. Maxine Elizabeth Prescott Sarpy for her profound and lasting impact on her community.. Description: Recognizes and commends Mrs. Maxine Elizabeth Prescott Sarpy for her profound and lasting impact on her community.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of David Morris Gauthier on the occasion of his passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of David Morris Gauthier on the occasion of his passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Tanner Ward for his remarkable compassion, leadership, and organizational skills, and his commitment to enhance the lives of the patients he encounters.. Description: Commends Tanner Ward for his remarkable compassion, leadership, and organizational skills, and his commitment to enhance the lives of the patients he encounters.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Congratulates Lucy Victoria Pittman Virdure "Miss Lucy" on the occasion of her 100th birthday.. Description: Congratulates Lucy Victoria Pittman Virdure "Miss Lucy" on the occasion of her 100th birthday.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 1, 2024 as Nurses Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and May 6 through May 12, 2024, as National Nurses Week in Louisiana.. Description: Recognizes May 1, 2024 as Nurses Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and May 6 through May 12, 2024, as National Nurses Week in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Lt. Carl Malcolm Bennett Jr. on the occasion of his passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Lt. Carl Malcolm Bennett Jr. on the occasion of his passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the centennial year celebration of the Police Jury Association of Louisiana and designates May 1, 2024, as the Police Jury Association's Legislative Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes the centennial year celebration of the Police Jury Association of Louisiana and designates May 1, 2024, as the Police Jury Association's Legislative Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Wednesday, May 1, 2024, as Literacy Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates Wednesday, May 1, 2024, as Literacy Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the volunteers and members of the 2024 Concerned Women for America's Encourage-A-Legislator Project.. Description: Commends the volunteers and members of the 2024 Concerned Women for America's Encourage-A-Legislator Project.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 1, 2024, as Maternal Mental Health Awareness Day in Louisiana.. Description: Recognizes May 1, 2024, as Maternal Mental Health Awareness Day in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Charity Hospital and University Medical Center of New Orleans on 288 years of providing medical care in the city of New Orleans and surrounding areas.. Description: Commends Charity Hospital and University Medical Center of New Orleans on 288 years of providing medical care in the city of New Orleans and surrounding areas.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Honors and commends Pastor S.C. Dixon on his 28th Pastoral Anniversary at Greater Mount Olive Missionary Baptist Church.. Description: Honors and commends Pastor S.C. Dixon on his 28th Pastoral Anniversary at Greater Mount Olive Missionary Baptist Church.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 7, 2024, as Louisiana Music Advocacy Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes May 7, 2024, as Louisiana Music Advocacy Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Revenue to study state and local taxes and vehicle registration fees collected from active-duty military and veterans. (EN +$3,855 GF EX See Note). Description: Requests the Department of Revenue to study state and local taxes and vehicle registration fees collected from active-duty military and veterans. (EN +$3,855 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, May 8, 2024, as "St. John the Baptist Parish Day" at the Louisiana State Capitol and to acknowledge Economic Development week in St. John the Baptist Parish.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, May 8, 2024, as "St. John the Baptist Parish Day" at the Louisiana State Capitol and to acknowledge Economic Development week in St. John the Baptist Parish.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Supreme Court to study the family court for the parish of East Baton Rouge.. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Supreme Court to study the family court for the parish of East Baton Rouge.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 8, 2024, as Pickleball Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates May 8, 2024, as Pickleball Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Denham Springs High School Robotics Team.. Description: Commends the Denham Springs High School Robotics Team.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses support for the off-shore wind industry.. Description: Expresses support for the off-shore wind industry.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To commend and recognize CGI Lafayette Center for Excellence on the occasion of its 10th anniversary.. Description: To commend and recognize CGI Lafayette Center for Excellence on the occasion of its 10th anniversary.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 15, 2024, as Peace Officer Memorial Day and May 12 - 18, 2024 as Police Week at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes May 15, 2024, as Peace Officer Memorial Day and May 12 - 18, 2024 as Police Week at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Bayou Blue Assembly on its 100th year anniversary.. Description: Commends and congratulates Bayou Blue Assembly on its 100th year anniversary.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Tuesday, May 14, 2024, as the 40th Annual Red and White Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Tuesday, May 14, 2024, as the 40th Annual Red and White Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to develop a plan for decreasing regulatory barriers for free-standing birth centers.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to develop a plan for decreasing regulatory barriers for free-standing birth centers.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To commend the Louisiana Association of Basketball Coaches on its 50th Anniversary of promoting basketball in Louisiana and its executive secretary D. Scott Landry for his many years of dedicated service to the association.. Description: To commend the Louisiana Association of Basketball Coaches on its 50th Anniversary of promoting basketball in Louisiana and its executive secretary D. Scott Landry for his many years of dedicated service to the association.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere condolences upon the passing of Mr. Harry Winters Thomas.. Description: Expresses sincere condolences upon the passing of Mr. Harry Winters Thomas.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Wesley United Methodist Church on its 158th anniversary.. Description: Commends and congratulates Wesley United Methodist Church on its 158th anniversary.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To commend and congratulate Yolanda Polk on being selected as the 2024 Louisiana Direct Support Professional of the Year by the American Network of Community Options and Resources.. Description: To commend and congratulate Yolanda Polk on being selected as the 2024 Louisiana Direct Support Professional of the Year by the American Network of Community Options and Resources.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Task Force on Obesity Care, Cost, and Value to address the chronic disease of obesity in Louisiana.. Description: Establishes the Task Force on Obesity Care, Cost, and Value to address the chronic disease of obesity in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere condolences on the death of former Louisiana State Senator John David Cain.. Description: Expresses sincere condolences on the death of former Louisiana State Senator John David Cain.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Tommy Lance Russell on the occasion of his passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Tommy Lance Russell on the occasion of his passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Iam Tucker for being named the U.S. Small Business Administration's 2024 Louisiana Small Business Person of the Year.. Description: Commends and congratulates Iam Tucker for being named the U.S. Small Business Administration's 2024 Louisiana Small Business Person of the Year.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Wednesday, May 15, 2024, as Hospital Day in Louisiana.. Description: Designates Wednesday, May 15, 2024, as Hospital Day in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences to the family of Zachary Funderburk.. Description: Expresses condolences to the family of Zachary Funderburk.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests police juries to include representatives of the nursing profession on hospital service district commissions.. Description: Requests police juries to include representatives of the nursing profession on hospital service district commissions.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To express sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Shelby H. LaCroix upon the occasion of his passing.. Description: To express sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Shelby H. LaCroix upon the occasion of his passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To recognize the achievements of the Reginald F. Lewis Scholars.. Description: To recognize the achievements of the Reginald F. Lewis Scholars.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 19-25, 2024, as Emergency Medical Services Week in Louisiana.. Description: Designates May 19-25, 2024, as Emergency Medical Services Week in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Edna B. and Joyce Fay Washington Breast Cancer Foundation, Inc. on celebrating its 30th year anniversary.. Description: Commends the Edna B. and Joyce Fay Washington Breast Cancer Foundation, Inc. on celebrating its 30th year anniversary.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Deptartment of Wildlife and Fisheries to study and make recommendations to manage alligator populations.. Description: Requests the Deptartment of Wildlife and Fisheries to study and make recommendations to manage alligator populations.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the utilization of multimodal assets, specifically ports and rails by Louisiana local businesses.. Description: Creates a task force to study the utilization of multimodal assets, specifically ports and rails by Louisiana local businesses.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Department of Veterans Affairs and recognizes Monday, May 20, 2024 as Veterans Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Commends the Louisiana Department of Veterans Affairs and recognizes Monday, May 20, 2024 as Veterans Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Kenneth Wood Sr., and K&B Industries on their 50th anniversary.. Description: Commends and congratulates Kenneth Wood Sr., and K&B Industries on their 50th anniversary.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the costs of expenses and the utilization of the New Orleans ferries, connecting Orleans, Jefferson, and St. Bernard parishes.. Description: Creates a task force to study the costs of expenses and the utilization of the New Orleans ferries, connecting Orleans, Jefferson, and St. Bernard parishes.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To commend the students and faculty of the Lafayette Parish School System for placing first in the Louisiana Governor's Games.. Description: To commend the students and faculty of the Lafayette Parish School System for placing first in the Louisiana Governor's Games.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Wednesday, May 15, 2024, as Coca-Cola Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates Wednesday, May 15, 2024, as Coca-Cola Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Christine Bayard for winning the Milken Educator Award.. Description: Commends Christine Bayard for winning the Milken Educator Award.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the New Orleans Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kids Competition Camp for its commitment to excellence in martial arts competitions.. Description: Commends the New Orleans Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kids Competition Camp for its commitment to excellence in martial arts competitions.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To commend the Ready Louisiana Coalition and to designate Tuesday May 21, 2024, as Early Education Day at the state capitol.. Description: To commend the Ready Louisiana Coalition and to designate Tuesday May 21, 2024, as Early Education Day at the state capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, May 22, 2024, as The Arc Appreciation Day in Louisiana.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, May 22, 2024, as The Arc Appreciation Day in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the month of May as ALS Awareness Month in Louisiana.. Description: Designates the month of May as ALS Awareness Month in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools in Senate District 15 on Teacher of the Year Day at the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools in Senate District 15 on Teacher of the Year Day at the Louisiana Senate.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Thursday, May 23, 2024, as Teacher of the Year Day at the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Designates Thursday, May 23, 2024, as Teacher of the Year Day at the Louisiana Senate.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the University High baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division III Select State Championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates the University High baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division III Select State Championship.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates R. Paul Fernandez on the occasion of his retirement from state service.. Description: Commends and congratulates R. Paul Fernandez on the occasion of his retirement from state service.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends MY PADNAS for winning first place at the 22nd annual Louisiana Crawfish Boil Championships held on Saturday, March 23, 2024.. Description: Commends MY PADNAS for winning first place at the 22nd annual Louisiana Crawfish Boil Championships held on Saturday, March 23, 2024.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Harry Connick Sr., former district attorney of Orleans Parish.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Harry Connick Sr., former district attorney of Orleans Parish.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates District Missionary Verline Brock on her 90th birthday and for her significant contributions to the ministry and community.. Description: Commends and congratulates District Missionary Verline Brock on her 90th birthday and for her significant contributions to the ministry and community.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 5, 2024, as Ascension Credit Union Day.. Description: Designates June 5, 2024, as Ascension Credit Union Day.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to address the problem relative to the Interstate 20 construction zone and the impact on local, state and national businesses located in Bossier City.. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to address the problem relative to the Interstate 20 construction zone and the impact on local, state and national businesses located in Bossier City.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the 2024 graduates of the Louisiana Leadership Institute.. Description: Commends and congratulates the 2024 graduates of the Louisiana Leadership Institute.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Adrienne Patrice Anderson Savoy.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Adrienne Patrice Anderson Savoy.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Avis Delores Baker White.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Avis Delores Baker White.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends St. James Episcopal Church in Baton Rouge on the occasion of one hundred eighty years of worship.. Description: Commends St. James Episcopal Church in Baton Rouge on the occasion of one hundred eighty years of worship.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, May 29, 2024, as New Orleans Day at the legislature.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, May 29, 2024, as New Orleans Day at the legislature.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to meet certain benchmarks toward establishing the Sickle Cell Disease Registry.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to meet certain benchmarks toward establishing the Sickle Cell Disease Registry.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to update the Medicaid outpatient laboratory fee schedule to cover all CPT codes related to respiratory viral panels.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to update the Medicaid outpatient laboratory fee schedule to cover all CPT codes related to respiratory viral panels.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a task force to review the governance of community-based residential settings.. Description: Establishes a task force to review the governance of community-based residential settings.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to conduct a comprehensive review of current sickle cell disease legislation.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to conduct a comprehensive review of current sickle cell disease legislation.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lance Corporal Christopher Spicer Jr. for being awarded the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association's Deputy Valor Award.. Description: Commends Lance Corporal Christopher Spicer Jr. for being awarded the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association's Deputy Valor Award.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a task force to study and make recommendations relative to pathways to increase educational participation of students who are mothers.. Description: Establishes a task force to study and make recommendations relative to pathways to increase educational participation of students who are mothers.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests state agencies to seek funding, through state or federal funds or available grants, for unfunded programs and policies.. Description: Requests state agencies to seek funding, through state or federal funds or available grants, for unfunded programs and policies.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Board of Regents to conduct a study relative to the state's higher education financial aid programs.. Description: Requests the Board of Regents to conduct a study relative to the state's higher education financial aid programs.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Airport Commission to study the feasibility of performing additional functions of economic and industrial development.. Description: Requests the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Airport Commission to study the feasibility of performing additional functions of economic and industrial development.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Transportation and Development to perform a cost benefit analysis on merging the Lafitte Area Independent Levee District with the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-West.. Description: Requests the Department of Transportation and Development to perform a cost benefit analysis on merging the Lafitte Area Independent Levee District with the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-West.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Concordia Parish Chief Deputy Fred Middleton on being named Deputy of the Year by the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association.. Description: Commends Concordia Parish Chief Deputy Fred Middleton on being named Deputy of the Year by the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reestablishes the Judicial Structure Task Force to study the funding and workload of judicial district and circuit courts.. Description: Reestablishes the Judicial Structure Task Force to study the funding and workload of judicial district and circuit courts.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Senate Select Committee on Women and Children to study a parent's right to equal custodial periods with their child.. Description: Requests the Senate Select Committee on Women and Children to study a parent's right to equal custodial periods with their child.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Louisiana Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Innovation Caucus.. Description: Establishes the Louisiana Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Innovation Caucus.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To recognize and honor Queen Sylvia of Buganda for her outstanding contributions to education, healthcare, cultural preservation, and the empowerment of women and children in Uganda and across Africa.. Description: To recognize and honor Queen Sylvia of Buganda for her outstanding contributions to education, healthcare, cultural preservation, and the empowerment of women and children in Uganda and across Africa.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates former Senator Ronnie S. Johns on the occasion of his retirement.. Description: Commends and congratulates former Senator Ronnie S. Johns on the occasion of his retirement.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the office of juvenile justice to submit a report to the legislature on complaints, investigations, and litigation related to certain facilities housing juveniles.. Description: Requests the office of juvenile justice to submit a report to the legislature on complaints, investigations, and litigation related to certain facilities housing juveniles.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends The Arc Baton Rouge on its seventieth anniversary.. Description: Commends The Arc Baton Rouge on its seventieth anniversary.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends St. James Episcopal Day School in Baton Rouge on the occasion of its 75th anniversary.. Description: Commends St. James Episcopal Day School in Baton Rouge on the occasion of its 75th anniversary.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Senate Committee on Judiciary B and the Senate Committee on Revenue and Fiscal Affairs to meet jointly to study iGaming and report study findings to the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Requests the Senate Committee on Judiciary B and the Senate Committee on Revenue and Fiscal Affairs to meet jointly to study iGaming and report study findings to the Louisiana Senate.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the LSU gymnastics team for winning the NCAA national championship.. Description: Commends the LSU gymnastics team for winning the NCAA national championship.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority to perform a cost benefit analysis on merging the Lafitte Area Independent Levee District with the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-West.. Description: Requests the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority to perform a cost benefit analysis on merging the Lafitte Area Independent Levee District with the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-West.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Colonel Rachel Zechenelly for her outstanding service and dedication to the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries and to congratulate her on her retirement.. Description: Commends Colonel Rachel Zechenelly for her outstanding service and dedication to the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries and to congratulate her on her retirement.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the Catholic High School baseball team for winning the 2024 LHSAA Division I Select State Championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates the Catholic High School baseball team for winning the 2024 LHSAA Division I Select State Championship.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Gail Nelson, wife of former state senator Sydney B. Nelson.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Gail Nelson, wife of former state senator Sydney B. Nelson.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jeff Albright for his contributions to Louisiana on the occasion of his retirement.. Description: Commends Jeff Albright for his contributions to Louisiana on the occasion of his retirement.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Jean Arnette Benjamin Vappie on the occasion of her passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Jean Arnette Benjamin Vappie on the occasion of her passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Loren Lampert on his election to the 9th JDC for Division "D.". Description: Commends and congratulates Loren Lampert on his election to the 9th JDC for Division "D."
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To urge and request the La. State Law Institute to study allowing local governing authorities exception to the applicability of certain state laws.. Description: To urge and request the La. State Law Institute to study allowing local governing authorities exception to the applicability of certain state laws.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Palm Court Jazz Cafe for thirty-five years of outstanding contributions to the music and cultural heritage of New Orleans.. Description: Commends Palm Court Jazz Cafe for thirty-five years of outstanding contributions to the music and cultural heritage of New Orleans.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and recognizes the outstanding contributions of Sharon Turcan Gahagan to the Louisiana School of Math, Science, and the Arts and honors the dedication of the Sharon Turcan Gahagan Art Gallery.. Description: Commends and recognizes the outstanding contributions of Sharon Turcan Gahagan to the Louisiana School of Math, Science, and the Arts and honors the dedication of the Sharon Turcan Gahagan Art Gallery.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates John Keller upon the occasion of his retirement and recognizes and honors his life, service, contributions and the sacrifices he made for his community and country.. Description: Commends and congratulates John Keller upon the occasion of his retirement and recognizes and honors his life, service, contributions and the sacrifices he made for his community and country.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the Tunica-Biloxi Tribe of Louisiana on the occasion of their 30th anniversary of federal recognition, celebrating their rich history, cultural heritage, and contributions to the state of Louisiana.. Description: Commends and congratulates the Tunica-Biloxi Tribe of Louisiana on the occasion of their 30th anniversary of federal recognition, celebrating their rich history, cultural heritage, and contributions to the state of Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Senate Committee on Finance to study court costs in suits involving the state and political subdivisions in the Nineteenth Judicial District Court.. Description: Requests the Senate Committee on Finance to study court costs in suits involving the state and political subdivisions in the Nineteenth Judicial District Court.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to encourage and assist local school districts to enter into cooperative endeavor agreements to bulk purchase products and services in order to save valuable education dollars.. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to encourage and assist local school districts to enter into cooperative endeavor agreements to bulk purchase products and services in order to save valuable education dollars.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a task force to study the processes for investigating child sexual abuse in Louisiana.. Description: Establishes a task force to study the processes for investigating child sexual abuse in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Captain Lena Kaman on her distinguished military accomplishments.. Description: Commends Captain Lena Kaman on her distinguished military accomplishments.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a task force to review the governance of community-based residential settings.. Description: Establishes a task force to review the governance of community-based residential settings.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the office of juvenile justice to report to the Louisiana Senate Committee on Judiciary B on the status of vocational training opportunities available to children in the care of the office in secure, nonsecure, community-based, and private facilities.. Description: Requests the office of juvenile justice to report to the Louisiana Senate Committee on Judiciary B on the status of vocational training opportunities available to children in the care of the office in secure, nonsecure, community-based, and private facilities.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the Tulane University baseball team for winning its second consecutive American Athletic Conference regular season championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates the Tulane University baseball team for winning its second consecutive American Athletic Conference regular season championship.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Dr. Raquel Peat on her recent promotion to Rear Admiral and Assistant Surgeon General in the U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps.. Description: Commends and congratulates Dr. Raquel Peat on her recent promotion to Rear Admiral and Assistant Surgeon General in the U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and recognizes Elijah Hogan for his academic achievements and resilience.. Description: Commends and recognizes Elijah Hogan for his academic achievements and resilience.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commemorates the adoption of the United States flag on June 14, 1777, and recognizes June 9 through 15, 2024, as National Flag Week in Louisiana.. Description: Commemorates the adoption of the United States flag on June 14, 1777, and recognizes June 9 through 15, 2024, as National Flag Week in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of William Jefferson Cole.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of William Jefferson Cole.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Glen Oaks High School track team on winning their first Louisiana High School Athletic Association state championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates Glen Oaks High School track team on winning their first Louisiana High School Athletic Association state championship.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the month of June as African-American Music Appreciation Month in Louisiana.. Description: Recognizes the month of June as African-American Music Appreciation Month in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests communications districts throughout the state to implement necessary technology to receive text messages for 911 emergency services.. Description: Requests communications districts throughout the state to implement necessary technology to receive text messages for 911 emergency services.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the training of members of the judiciary with respect to diminution of sentence and release dates of offenders and the development of training curriculum relative to parole eligibility. Description: Provides relative to the training of members of the judiciary with respect to diminution of sentence and release dates of offenders and the development of training curriculum relative to parole eligibility
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a hospital stabilization formula (EN +$314,552,060 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for a hospital stabilization formula (EN +$314,552,060 SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections to imprint "America 250" on license plates for private passenger motor vehicles. Description: Directs the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections to imprint "America 250" on license plates for private passenger motor vehicles
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Wildlife Rehabilitation Program rules. Description: Provides relative to Wildlife Rehabilitation Program rules
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to impose a quota or tariff on imported shrimp, crab meat, and crawfish and to enact a buy plan for domestic shrimp, crab meat, and crawfish. Description: Memorializes Congress to impose a quota or tariff on imported shrimp, crab meat, and crawfish and to enact a buy plan for domestic shrimp, crab meat, and crawfish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to compel the United States Food and Drug Administration to fulfill its duties regarding inspection and testing of imported seafood. Description: Memorializes Congress to compel the United States Food and Drug Administration to fulfill its duties regarding inspection and testing of imported seafood
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study to make recommendations regarding behavioral health courts. Description: Requests a study to make recommendations regarding behavioral health courts
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Trey Maxwell on being named the 2023 Louisiana Outstanding Logger of the Year. Description: Commends Trey Maxwell on being named the 2023 Louisiana Outstanding Logger of the Year
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Toni Jarreau on her outstanding achievements in four years of wrestling at Walker High School. Description: Commends Toni Jarreau on her outstanding achievements in four years of wrestling at Walker High School
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the state Department of Education study the potential effects of alternative school calendar options on student academic achievement. Description: Requests that the state Department of Education study the potential effects of alternative school calendar options on student academic achievement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends United Way of Southeast Louisiana on the occasion of its centennial anniversary. Description: Commends United Way of Southeast Louisiana on the occasion of its centennial anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March 14, 2024, as Coastal Conservation Association (CCA) Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates March 14, 2024, as Coastal Conservation Association (CCA) Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education, Department of Children and Family Services, and Louisiana Department of Health to collaborate to increase mental health counseling in public schools. Description: Requests the state Department of Education, Department of Children and Family Services, and Louisiana Department of Health to collaborate to increase mental health counseling in public schools
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the administration of President Biden to end its pause on pending approvals of liquefied natural gas exports. Description: Urges and requests the administration of President Biden to end its pause on pending approvals of liquefied natural gas exports
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the land-based casino industry. Description: Requests a study of the land-based casino industry
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Government Pension Offset and Windfall Elimination Provision. Description: Provides relative to the Government Pension Offset and Windfall Elimination Provision
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for legislative approval of the MFP formula for FY 2024-2025 (EG +$71,300,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for legislative approval of the MFP formula for FY 2024-2025 (EG +$71,300,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Directs the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections to establish family-sensitive policies for all correctional facilities under the jurisdiction of the department. Description: Directs the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections to establish family-sensitive policies for all correctional facilities under the jurisdiction of the department
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the city of Carencro as the Seasoning Capital of the World. Description: Designates the city of Carencro as the Seasoning Capital of the World
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections to permit incarcerated parents to virtually attend certain ceremonies involving their children. Description: Directs the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections to permit incarcerated parents to virtually attend certain ceremonies involving their children
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Approves the annual state integrated coastal protection plan for Fiscal Year 2025, as adopted by the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board. Description: Approves the annual state integrated coastal protection plan for Fiscal Year 2025, as adopted by the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March 19, 2024, as Main Street Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates March 19, 2024, as Main Street Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March 23, 2024, as Moon Pie Festival Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates March 23, 2024, as Moon Pie Festival Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the La. State Law Institute to study procedures for establishing child support and paternity for minor parents. Description: Requests the La. State Law Institute to study procedures for establishing child support and paternity for minor parents
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reaffirms support for the annual Gulf of Mexico Hypoxia Mapping Cruise conducted by Louisiana State University and the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium and memorializes Congress to provide continued funding. Description: Reaffirms support for the annual Gulf of Mexico Hypoxia Mapping Cruise conducted by Louisiana State University and the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium and memorializes Congress to provide continued funding
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Franklin Senior High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division IV Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Franklin Senior High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division IV Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 25, 2024, as Jefferson Highway Day in Avoyelles Parish. Description: Recognizes April 25, 2024, as Jefferson Highway Day in Avoyelles Parish
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the allocation of legislative space in the state capitol. Description: Provides relative to the allocation of legislative space in the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kelly Ryan on being awarded the Milken Educator Award. Description: Commends Kelly Ryan on being awarded the Milken Educator Award
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a special joint committee to review the Administrative Procedure Act, the Louisiana Administrative Code, the public's involvement in proposed rulemaking, and comparisons of other states' regulatory environments. Description: Provides for a special joint committee to review the Administrative Procedure Act, the Louisiana Administrative Code, the public's involvement in proposed rulemaking, and comparisons of other states' regulatory environments
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March 27, 2024, as "Anti-Hunger Day" in Louisiana. Description: Designates March 27, 2024, as "Anti-Hunger Day" in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Southern University Board of Supervisors establish a mayor's institute at the Nelson Mandela College of Government and Social Sciences. Description: Requests that the Southern University Board of Supervisors establish a mayor's institute at the Nelson Mandela College of Government and Social Sciences
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the La. State Bar Association to work with organizations providing legal aid to assist parents and guardians of children with disabilities to obtain permanent tutorships. Description: Requests the La. State Bar Association to work with organizations providing legal aid to assist parents and guardians of children with disabilities to obtain permanent tutorships
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the continuation of the Judicial Structure Task Force as established by House Resolution No. 30 of the 2022 Regular Session. Description: Provides for the continuation of the Judicial Structure Task Force as established by House Resolution No. 30 of the 2022 Regular Session
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Judicial Security Task Force. Description: Creates the Judicial Security Task Force
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a joint subcommittee of the House Committee on Appropriations and Senate Committee on Finance to study and make recommendations relative to state supplemental pay (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requests a joint subcommittee of the House Committee on Appropriations and Senate Committee on Finance to study and make recommendations relative to state supplemental pay (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana State University AgCenter and the Southern University Ag Center to work together to study alternative uses of sugarcane bagasse and to make recommendations on how such alternatives can be used to benefit sugarcane producers economically. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana State University AgCenter and the Southern University Ag Center to work together to study alternative uses of sugarcane bagasse and to make recommendations on how such alternatives can be used to benefit sugarcane producers economically
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to explore the creation of an appeals process for certain students who do not pass state-administered, end-of-course assessments required for high school graduation. Description: Directs the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to explore the creation of an appeals process for certain students who do not pass state-administered, end-of-course assessments required for high school graduation
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and extends sincere appreciation to the United States Department of Agriculture's Forest Service for its efforts, commitment to duty, and historic performance in helping confront, fight, and eradicate the spread of wildfires throughout the state of Louisiana in the summer and fall of 2023. Description: Commends and extends sincere appreciation to the United States Department of Agriculture's Forest Service for its efforts, commitment to duty, and historic performance in helping confront, fight, and eradicate the spread of wildfires throughout the state of Louisiana in the summer and fall of 2023
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to prioritize mental health instruction and training in suicide prevention in its rulemaking process. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to prioritize mental health instruction and training in suicide prevention in its rulemaking process
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Joe R. Salter, former speaker of the House, on the occasion of his retirement from public service. Description: Commends Joe R. Salter, former speaker of the House, on the occasion of his retirement from public service
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study I-12 express tolling operations compared to how other states implement express tolling. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study I-12 express tolling operations compared to how other states implement express tolling
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and expresses support for the cooperative conservation and management work being carried out by agricultural conservation partnerships in the state. Description: Commends and expresses support for the cooperative conservation and management work being carried out by agricultural conservation partnerships in the state
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sheriff Ron Johnson on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Sheriff Ron Johnson on the occasion of his retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sheriff Michael A. Couvillon on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Sheriff Michael A. Couvillon on the occasion of his retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the commissioner of insurance to investigate the potential for creating a Coastal Reinsurance Assistance Program. Description: Requests the commissioner of insurance to investigate the potential for creating a Coastal Reinsurance Assistance Program
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to confer with the Jefferson Parish Community Development Department to consider modifications to required property insurance coverage. Description: Requests the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to confer with the Jefferson Parish Community Development Department to consider modifications to required property insurance coverage
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 16, 2024, as AKA Day at the state capitol and commends the members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated. Description: Designates April 16, 2024, as AKA Day at the state capitol and commends the members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 30, 2024, as Parks and Recreation Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 30, 2024, as Parks and Recreation Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education (BESE) to implement "Aliye's Law" and provide instruction to students on organ donation. Description: Directs the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education (BESE) to implement "Aliye's Law" and provide instruction to students on organ donation
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sheriff Tony Mancuso on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Sheriff Tony Mancuso on the occasion of his retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Horace Young, Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Horace Young, Sr.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the feasibility and practicality of mayor's courts. Description: Requests a study of the feasibility and practicality of mayor's courts
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Legislature of Louisiana to support the "Greaux the Good" farmers market match program. Description: Urges and requests the Legislature of Louisiana to support the "Greaux the Good" farmers market match program
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Paragon Casino Resort on the occasion of its thirtieth anniversary. Description: Commends Paragon Casino Resort on the occasion of its thirtieth anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes June 7th as the Battle of Milliken's Bend Day in Madison Parish.. Description: Recognizes June 7th as the Battle of Milliken's Bend Day in Madison Parish.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends New Zion Christian Center for its spiritual journey over the course of its one-hundred-fifty-year history. Description: Commends New Zion Christian Center for its spiritual journey over the course of its one-hundred-fifty-year history
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Clean Hydrogen Task Force. Description: Creates the Clean Hydrogen Task Force
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Young Republican Caucus of the Legislature of Louisiana. Description: Establishes the Young Republican Caucus of the Legislature of Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a joint legislative committee to study regulations regarding artificial intelligence. Description: Provides for a joint legislative committee to study regulations regarding artificial intelligence
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 16, 2024, as Acadiana Red and White Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 16, 2024, as Acadiana Red and White Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Board of Regents and public postsecondary education management boards scrutinize the practice of hiring faculty from certain foreign adversaries. Description: Requests that the Board of Regents and public postsecondary education management boards scrutinize the practice of hiring faculty from certain foreign adversaries
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the McNeese State University men's basketball team and Coach Will Wade on their historic 2023-2024 season. Description: Commends the McNeese State University men's basketball team and Coach Will Wade on their historic 2023-2024 season
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 14-20, 2024, as National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes April 14-20, 2024, as National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 17, 2024, as St. Charles Parish Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 17, 2024, as St. Charles Parish Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force and requests the State Department of Education to study and report relative to school start times. Description: Creates a task force and requests the State Department of Education to study and report relative to school start times
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to develop a professional consulting nursing service code for reimbursement of certain services for individuals with developmental disabilities. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to develop a professional consulting nursing service code for reimbursement of certain services for individuals with developmental disabilities
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to close the Washington Street exit. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to close the Washington Street exit
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to create an indication of a merging lane at Exit 159 on the Essen Lane ramp of I-10 West. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to create an indication of a merging lane at Exit 159 on the Essen Lane ramp of I-10 West
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to make the space between the median uniform for all lanes on Perkins Road intersection. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to make the space between the median uniform for all lanes on Perkins Road intersection
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana 4-H Shooting Sports team on winning the 2023-2024 National Championship. Description: Commends the Louisiana 4-H Shooting Sports team on winning the 2023-2024 National Championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that Board of Regents and public postsecondary education management boards report to House and Senate education committees and Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget on actions related to environmental, social, and governance criteria. Description: Requests that Board of Regents and public postsecondary education management boards report to House and Senate education committees and Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget on actions related to environmental, social, and governance criteria
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the La. State Law Institute to study the Private Works Act. Description: Directs the La. State Law Institute to study the Private Works Act
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a task force to study ways to increase the number of retirement communities in Louisiana. Description: Establishes a task force to study ways to increase the number of retirement communities in Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Posthumously commends Joseph U. "Mr. Joe" Pierre, Sr., for his contributions to Ascension Parish. Description: Posthumously commends Joseph U. "Mr. Joe" Pierre, Sr., for his contributions to Ascension Parish
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Louis J. Richard on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Reverend Louis J. Richard on the occasion of his retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the La. State Law Institute to conduct a study of the criminal statutes relating to white-collar crimes, financial crimes, and crimes involving elected officials. Description: Directs the La. State Law Institute to conduct a study of the criminal statutes relating to white-collar crimes, financial crimes, and crimes involving elected officials
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Continues the Task Force on African American Suicide Rates. Description: Continues the Task Force on African American Suicide Rates
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Continues the Health Disparities in Rural Areas Task Force. Description: Continues the Health Disparities in Rural Areas Task Force
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the United States Food and Drug Administration to regulate tattoo ink. Description: Urges and requests the United States Food and Drug Administration to regulate tattoo ink
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Don Spiers on a lifetime of public and community service to Bogalusa, Washington Parish, and the state of Louisiana. Description: Commends Don Spiers on a lifetime of public and community service to Bogalusa, Washington Parish, and the state of Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 8, 2024, as CODOFIL Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 8, 2024, as CODOFIL Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commemorates the thirtieth anniversary of the around-the-world flight known as Global Power 94-7. Description: Commemorates the thirtieth anniversary of the around-the-world flight known as Global Power 94-7
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study and report on administrative actions necessary to facilitate an eventual expansion of the La. Youth Jobs Tax Credit Program (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requests a study and report on administrative actions necessary to facilitate an eventual expansion of the La. Youth Jobs Tax Credit Program (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses support for the strengthening of the state's partnership with Taiwan. Description: Expresses support for the strengthening of the state's partnership with Taiwan
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Insurance to study the impact of alternative funding programs on patient access to affordable prescription drugs. Description: Requests the Department of Insurance to study the impact of alternative funding programs on patient access to affordable prescription drugs
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to continue the task force to study, identify, and make recommendations to address the shortage of specialist physicians in this state. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to continue the task force to study, identify, and make recommendations to address the shortage of specialist physicians in this state
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Charles Smith on his 2024 induction into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame. Description: Commends Charles Smith on his 2024 induction into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Eric Lane of Gerry Lane Enterprises on being named the 2024 Louisiana Automobile Dealers Association Dealer of the Year. Description: Commends Eric Lane of Gerry Lane Enterprises on being named the 2024 Louisiana Automobile Dealers Association Dealer of the Year
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Tides Medical on receiving the Growth Leader Legend Award from Louisiana Economic Development. Description: Commends Tides Medical on receiving the Growth Leader Legend Award from Louisiana Economic Development
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to seek a waiver for a gateway sign permit for a "Crawfish Expressway" sign in Breaux Bridge. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to seek a waiver for a gateway sign permit for a "Crawfish Expressway" sign in Breaux Bridge
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the United States Congress to protect consumers from government interference in the free market. Description: Memorializes the United States Congress to protect consumers from government interference in the free market
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Children and Family Services to study the feasibility of implementing a 233 helpline as an additional resource for sexual abuse victims in this state. Description: Requests the Department of Children and Family Services to study the feasibility of implementing a 233 helpline as an additional resource for sexual abuse victims in this state
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the United States Congress to preserve patient access to physician care by reforming the Medicare physician payment system. Description: Memorializes the United States Congress to preserve patient access to physician care by reforming the Medicare physician payment system
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the United States Congress and the United States Department of Agriculture to grant Louisiana a waiver to remove unhealthy foods from the list of approved foods that may be purchased with Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits. Description: Memorializes the United States Congress and the United States Department of Agriculture to grant Louisiana a waiver to remove unhealthy foods from the list of approved foods that may be purchased with Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 8, 2024, as Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. Day at the state capitol.. Description: Designates May 8, 2024, as Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. Day at the state capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2024 Festival Acadiens et Creoles in Lafayette on the occasion of the festival's fiftieth anniversary. Description: Commends the 2024 Festival Acadiens et Creoles in Lafayette on the occasion of the festival's fiftieth anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Thomas Anthony "Tony" Tramonte. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Thomas Anthony "Tony" Tramonte
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 9 annually as Louisiana Gray Day to increase awareness of brain cancer. Description: Designates May 9 annually as Louisiana Gray Day to increase awareness of brain cancer
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Molly Buchmann and Sharon Mathews on the occasion of their retirement as artistic directors of Baton Rouge Ballet Theatre. Description: Commends Molly Buchmann and Sharon Mathews on the occasion of their retirement as artistic directors of Baton Rouge Ballet Theatre
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to form a highly collaborative approach with political subdivisions regarding the status of projects in local areas. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to form a highly collaborative approach with political subdivisions regarding the status of projects in local areas
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Postpartum Newborn Nurse Home Visiting Task Force. Description: Creates the Postpartum Newborn Nurse Home Visiting Task Force
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the potential expansion of behavioral healthcare providers eligible for enhanced Medicaid reimbursement. Description: Creates a task force to study the potential expansion of behavioral healthcare providers eligible for enhanced Medicaid reimbursement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Concordia Parish Hospital Service District No. 1. Description: Provides relative to Concordia Parish Hospital Service District No. 1
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Children and Family Services to seek a waiver from the federal government to limit access to unhealthy foods. Description: Requests the Department of Children and Family Services to seek a waiver from the federal government to limit access to unhealthy foods
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Lutcher High School girls' powerlifting team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division II state championship. Description: Commends the Lutcher High School girls' powerlifting team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division II state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Lutcher High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division II Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Lutcher High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division II Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health to evaluate the current standards for psychiatric hospitals and residential substance abuse facilities and make recommendations to the legislature. Description: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health to evaluate the current standards for psychiatric hospitals and residential substance abuse facilities and make recommendations to the legislature
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Insurance to study and make recommendations with respect to eliminating the state requirement for motor vehicle insurance and the approaches taken by other states with minimal or noncompulsory requirements. Description: Requests the Department of Insurance to study and make recommendations with respect to eliminating the state requirement for motor vehicle insurance and the approaches taken by other states with minimal or noncompulsory requirements
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Daryl V. Burckel on the occasion of his retirement as president of McNeese State University. Description: Commends Dr. Daryl V. Burckel on the occasion of his retirement as president of McNeese State University
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Recognizes May 15, 2024, as LMA Municipal Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 15, 2024, as LMA Municipal Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Condemns antisemitic violence on college campuses and expresses support for Louisiana's Jewish students, faculty, staff, and communities. Description: Condemns antisemitic violence on college campuses and expresses support for Louisiana's Jewish students, faculty, staff, and communities
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Montgomery High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division IV Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Montgomery High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division IV Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 15, 2024, as LMA Municipal Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 15, 2024, as LMA Municipal Day at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commemorates the citizens of Louisiana who lost their lives on June 6, 1944, in the D-Day invasion in Normandy, France. Description: Commemorates the citizens of Louisiana who lost their lives on June 6, 1944, in the D-Day invasion in Normandy, France
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Lutcher High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division II Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Lutcher High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division II Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Marc A. Napoleon, Jr., on the occasion of his twenty-fifth pastoral anniversary. Description: Commends Reverend Marc A. Napoleon, Jr., on the occasion of his twenty-fifth pastoral anniversary
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the West Monroe High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the West Monroe High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2024 Division I Non-Select state championship
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Capitol Security Council to study the feasibility of updating the screening devices and related procedures at the state capitol. Description: Requests the Capitol Security Council to study the feasibility of updating the screening devices and related procedures at the state capitol
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of James David Cain. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of James David Cain
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Directs utility companies to help facilitate the reporting requirements of the HUD Green mortgage insurance premiums program. Description: Directs utility companies to help facilitate the reporting requirements of the HUD Green mortgage insurance premiums program
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests all state departments to identify the cost of maintaining legacy technology systems (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Requests all state departments to identify the cost of maintaining legacy technology systems (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study road conditions on particular roadways that intersect with United States Highway 61. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study road conditions on particular roadways that intersect with United States Highway 61
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study conditions on Louisiana Highway 44 in Reserve to add sidewalks. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study conditions on Louisiana Highway 44 in Reserve to add sidewalks
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Steve Udvarhelyi, M.D., on the occasion of his retirement as president and chief executive officer of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana. Description: Commends Steve Udvarhelyi, M.D., on the occasion of his retirement as president and chief executive officer of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jeffery L. Mumphrey on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Jeffery L. Mumphrey on the occasion of his retirement
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Amends membership of the False River Watershed Council. Description: Amends membership of the False River Watershed Council
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Monday, March 11, 2024, at 1:00 p.m.. Description: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Monday, March 11, 2024, at 1:00 p.m.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to call for a convention of states to amend the United States Constitution to establish a limitation on terms for the members of congress.. Description: Memorializes Congress to call for a convention of states to amend the United States Constitution to establish a limitation on terms for the members of congress.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to enact reforms to federal permitting policies to accelerate deployment of new energy infrastructure.. Description: Memorializes Congress to enact reforms to federal permitting policies to accelerate deployment of new energy infrastructure.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to support the extension of funding for the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) of 2021, which provides Louisiana residents access to broadband services.. Description: Memorializes Congress to support the extension of funding for the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) of 2021, which provides Louisiana residents access to broadband services.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests state and local law enforcement agencies to cooperate with federal authorities in discovering and closing clandestine branches of the Chinese Ministry of Public Security.. Description: Requests state and local law enforcement agencies to cooperate with federal authorities in discovering and closing clandestine branches of the Chinese Ministry of Public Security.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to apply to participate in the CMS Transforming Maternal Health Model.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to apply to participate in the CMS Transforming Maternal Health Model.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the National Conference of State Legislatures on its 50th Anniversary in 2025.. Description: Commends the National Conference of State Legislatures on its 50th Anniversary in 2025.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to develop a strategy for statewide implementation of ODMAP.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to develop a strategy for statewide implementation of ODMAP.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to develop and implement a plan for managed care organizations to provide reimbursement for certain psychological services.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to develop and implement a plan for managed care organizations to provide reimbursement for certain psychological services.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges the Congress of the United States to amend federal law to allow states to provide for the consolidation of federally funded workforce development services with federally funded social safety net services.. Description: Urges the Congress of the United States to amend federal law to allow states to provide for the consolidation of federally funded workforce development services with federally funded social safety net services.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the American Irish State Legislators Caucus.. Description: Commends the American Irish State Legislators Caucus.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Tuesday, April 9, 2024, as Ponchatoula Strawberry Festival Day at the state capitol.. Description: Recognizes Tuesday, April 9, 2024, as Ponchatoula Strawberry Festival Day at the state capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the United States Department of Energy to carefully consider the benefits of liquid natural gas exports.. Description: Requests the United States Department of Energy to carefully consider the benefits of liquid natural gas exports.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences to the family and friends of Edgar Lawrence "Dooky" Chase III on the occasion of his passing and to honor his life and contributions to the community.. Description: Expresses condolences to the family and friends of Edgar Lawrence "Dooky" Chase III on the occasion of his passing and to honor his life and contributions to the community.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Ponchatoula High School boys basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division I (Non-Select) State Basketball Championship for a second consecutive year.. Description: Commends the Ponchatoula High School boys basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division I (Non-Select) State Basketball Championship for a second consecutive year.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to increase eligibility requirements for the Medicaid Purchase Plan.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to increase eligibility requirements for the Medicaid Purchase Plan.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To study the feasibility of widening a certain portion of Louisiana Highway 16 to four lanes.. Description: To study the feasibility of widening a certain portion of Louisiana Highway 16 to four lanes.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, March 27, 2024, as Ascension Parish Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, March 27, 2024, as Ascension Parish Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Education and Workforce Commission, along with local school boards and chambers of commerce, to aggressively develop and promote high quality, youth-serving apprenticeship programs and work-based experiences for high school students.. Description: Requests the Department of Education and Workforce Commission, along with local school boards and chambers of commerce, to aggressively develop and promote high quality, youth-serving apprenticeship programs and work-based experiences for high school students.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to support the nation of Israel in the wake of the October 7, 2023, terror attacks and Israel's ongoing efforts to root out Hamas.. Description: Memorializes Congress to support the nation of Israel in the wake of the October 7, 2023, terror attacks and Israel's ongoing efforts to root out Hamas.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To urge and request the Louisiana Department of Health to study behavioral health demand and access.. Description: To urge and request the Louisiana Department of Health to study behavioral health demand and access.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Celebrates Elmer Chocolate and recognizes Tuesday, May 7, 2024, as Elmer Chocolate Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Celebrates Elmer Chocolate and recognizes Tuesday, May 7, 2024, as Elmer Chocolate Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Comite River Diversion Canal/Amite River Basin Task Force.. Description: Creates the Comite River Diversion Canal/Amite River Basin Task Force.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to legislative intent of certain Acts relating to causes of action for abuse of a minor.. Description: Provides relative to legislative intent of certain Acts relating to causes of action for abuse of a minor.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Louisiana-Ireland Commission.. Description: Establishes the Louisiana-Ireland Commission.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere condolences on the death of former Louisiana State Senator, Thomas A. "Tom" Greene.. Description: Expresses sincere condolences on the death of former Louisiana State Senator, Thomas A. "Tom" Greene.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To urge and request the Department of Environmental Quality to study implementation of real-time community air monitoring and notification systems.. Description: To urge and request the Department of Environmental Quality to study implementation of real-time community air monitoring and notification systems.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 18 through May 25, 2024, as Safe Boating Week in Louisiana.. Description: Designates May 18 through May 25, 2024, as Safe Boating Week in Louisiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to publish certain prison population data on its website.. Description: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to publish certain prison population data on its website.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 21-27, 2024, as National Crime Victims' Rights Week.. Description: Recognizes April 21-27, 2024, as National Crime Victims' Rights Week.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the LSU gymnastics team for winning the NCAA national championship.. Description: Commends the LSU gymnastics team for winning the NCAA national championship.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to resume liquid natural gas exports.. Description: Memorializes Congress to resume liquid natural gas exports.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Richard "Dick" Gremillion Sr., Director of Calcasieu Parish Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, on the occasion of his retirement.. Description: Commends and congratulates Richard "Dick" Gremillion Sr., Director of Calcasieu Parish Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, on the occasion of his retirement.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Henry "Richey" Jackson on the occasion of his passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Henry "Richey" Jackson on the occasion of his passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a study on the distribution of certain ad valorem taxes. (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for a study on the distribution of certain ad valorem taxes. (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests Governor Jeffrey M. Landry to make application to receive funding for the Summer EBT program. (EN +$3,652,670 GF EX See Note). Description: Urges and requests Governor Jeffrey M. Landry to make application to receive funding for the Summer EBT program. (EN +$3,652,670 GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development to expedite the process to complete the Interstate 49 Lafayette connector.. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development to expedite the process to complete the Interstate 49 Lafayette connector.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes and honors the Titan Aerobatic Team for their outstanding contributions to the field of aerobatics and aviation and their role in enriching the cultural heritage of airshows.. Description: Recognizes and honors the Titan Aerobatic Team for their outstanding contributions to the field of aerobatics and aviation and their role in enriching the cultural heritage of airshows.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Tuesday, May 7, 2024, as Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates Tuesday, May 7, 2024, as Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Winton Joseph Vidrine.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Winton Joseph Vidrine.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Agriculture and Forestry to study and make recommendations on ways to increase urban forestry in the state.. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Agriculture and Forestry to study and make recommendations on ways to increase urban forestry in the state.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Tom Burnett upon receiving the Dave Dixon Louisiana Sports Leadership Award and on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Tom Burnett upon receiving the Dave Dixon Louisiana Sports Leadership Award and on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ron Higgins upon receiving the 2024 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism and on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Ron Higgins upon receiving the 2024 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism and on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bobby Ardoin upon receiving the 2024 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism and on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Bobby Ardoin upon receiving the 2024 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism and on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ray Sibille on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Ray Sibille on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Frank Monica on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Frank Monica on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Daniel Cormier on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Daniel Cormier on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Perry Clark on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Perry Clark on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kerry Joseph on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Kerry Joseph on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kevin Jackson on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Kevin Jackson on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Seimone Augustus on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Seimone Augustus on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Wilbert Ellis upon receiving the 2024 Louisiana Sports Ambassador Award and on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Wilbert Ellis upon receiving the 2024 Louisiana Sports Ambassador Award and on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to help all residents of Louisiana who are displaced by hurricanes.. Description: Memorializes Congress to help all residents of Louisiana who are displaced by hurricanes.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commending St. Amant High School softball team on winning the 5A state championship for the 3rd straight year.. Description: Commending St. Amant High School softball team on winning the 5A state championship for the 3rd straight year.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to work with stakeholders to develop a plan for the reestablishment of a nursing home following a natural disaster.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to work with stakeholders to develop a plan for the reestablishment of a nursing home following a natural disaster.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates St. Luke's Episcopal School on receiving its first U.S. Dept. of Education's National Blue Ribbon School Designation.. Description: Commends and congratulates St. Luke's Episcopal School on receiving its first U.S. Dept. of Education's National Blue Ribbon School Designation.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Drew Brees on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Drew Brees on being inducted into the 2024 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Mr. Chris Paige on his retirement from Natchitoches Regional Medical Center.. Description: Commends and congratulates Mr. Chris Paige on his retirement from Natchitoches Regional Medical Center.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the Zwolle High School boys basketball team on winning their 17th state championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates the Zwolle High School boys basketball team on winning their 17th state championship.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Police Officer Alan Cortez on receipt of the prestigious TOP COPS Award.. Description: Commends Police Officer Alan Cortez on receipt of the prestigious TOP COPS Award.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Corporal Maverick Morvant on receipt of the prestigious TOP COPS Award.. Description: Commends Corporal Maverick Morvant on receipt of the prestigious TOP COPS Award.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Police Officer Raynard Ford on receipt of the prestigious TOP COPS Award.. Description: Commends Police Officer Raynard Ford on receipt of the prestigious TOP COPS Award.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Corporal Adam Bradford on receipt of the prestigious TOP COPS Award.. Description: Commends Corporal Adam Bradford on receipt of the prestigious TOP COPS Award.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Police Officer Hali Bradford on receipt of the prestigious TOP COPS Award.. Description: Commends Police Officer Hali Bradford on receipt of the prestigious TOP COPS Award.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Kim Boudreaux on receiving the prestigious Pro Ecclesia et Pontifice medal and for her leadership of Catholic Charities of Acadiana.. Description: Commends and congratulates Kim Boudreaux on receiving the prestigious Pro Ecclesia et Pontifice medal and for her leadership of Catholic Charities of Acadiana.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Sterlington High School Lady Panthers softball team on winning the LHSAA 2024 Division III Non-Select state championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates Sterlington High School Lady Panthers softball team on winning the LHSAA 2024 Division III Non-Select state championship.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Mayther "Ray" Young on the occasion of his passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Mayther "Ray" Young on the occasion of his passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Frank Paul Simoneaux on the occasion of his passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of Frank Paul Simoneaux on the occasion of his passing.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on Election Cost Efficiency and Alignment to study mechanisms to support and promote voter participation.. Description: Creates the Task Force on Election Cost Efficiency and Alignment to study mechanisms to support and promote voter participation.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Wossman High School boys and girls basketball teams on winning the LHSAA 2024 Division II Non-Select State Championships.. Description: Commends and congratulates Wossman High School boys and girls basketball teams on winning the LHSAA 2024 Division II Non-Select State Championships.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and honors Dr. Leslie K. "Les" Guice, President of Louisiana Tech University, on his retirement and recognizes his many accomplishments during his career.. Description: Commends and honors Dr. Leslie K. "Les" Guice, President of Louisiana Tech University, on his retirement and recognizes his many accomplishments during his career.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to conduct an engineering study on the upper Amite River Basin.. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to conduct an engineering study on the upper Amite River Basin.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jim Harper for his accomplishments as president of the Farm Bureau.. Description: Commends Jim Harper for his accomplishments as president of the Farm Bureau.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on the Use of the American College Test for Accountability.. Description: Creates the Task Force on the Use of the American College Test for Accountability.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Public Projects Payments Task Force.. Description: Creates the Public Projects Payments Task Force.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mu Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority on their 90th anniversary.. Description: Commends Mu Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority on their 90th anniversary.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Truth and Transparency in the Louisiana Criminal Justice System Program (Item #5) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Truth and Transparency in the Louisiana Criminal Justice System Program (Item #5) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for immunity from civil liability under certain circumstances for peace officers and public entities that employ or appoint peace officers (Item #13) (EN DECREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for immunity from civil liability under certain circumstances for peace officers and public entities that employ or appoint peace officers (Item #13) (EN DECREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to mandatory drug testing, screening, and assessment for drug and specialty court participation for certain offenders (Item #10) (REF SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to mandatory drug testing, screening, and assessment for drug and specialty court participation for certain offenders (Item #10) (REF SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to changes for post conviction relief procedures (Item #17) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to changes for post conviction relief procedures (Item #17) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the crime of illegal use of weapons or dangerous instrumentalities as a crime of violence (Item #8) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Designates the crime of illegal use of weapons or dangerous instrumentalities as a crime of violence (Item #8) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the methods of execution and for confidentiality of records or information relating to the execution of a death sentence (Item #15) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the methods of execution and for confidentiality of records or information relating to the execution of a death sentence (Item #15) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the penalties for the crime of carjacking (Item #9) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the penalties for the crime of carjacking (Item #9) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to distribution of fentanyl under certain circumstances (Item #24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to distribution of fentanyl under certain circumstances (Item #24) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to parole (Item #1) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to parole (Item #1) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to diminution of sentence (Item #2) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to diminution of sentence (Item #2) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to sanctions for violation of probation or parole conditions (Item #3) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to sanctions for violation of probation or parole conditions (Item #3) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for time limitations for prosecution of third degree rape (Item #22). Description: Provides for time limitations for prosecution of third degree rape (Item #22)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Department of Justice Legal Support Fund (EG INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Department of Justice Legal Support Fund (EG INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To make supplemental appropriations for the 2023-2024 Fiscal Year (Item # 6). Description: To make supplemental appropriations for the 2023-2024 Fiscal Year (Item # 6)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the districts of the supreme court (Item #14) (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the districts of the supreme court (Item #14) (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to procedures for challenging the constitutionality of a statute or law (Item #21). Description: Provides with respect to procedures for challenging the constitutionality of a statute or law (Item #21)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the right of law-abiding citizens to carry concealed handguns lawfully without a permit. (7/4/24) (Item #8) (EN DECREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the right of law-abiding citizens to carry concealed handguns lawfully without a permit. (7/4/24) (Item #8) (EN DECREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to liability for persons authorized to carry a concealed handgun. (7/4/24) (Item #19). Description: Provides relative to liability for persons authorized to carry a concealed handgun. (7/4/24) (Item #19)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Lowers the age for consideration as a juvenile in the criminal justice system. (4/19/24) (2/3 - CA5s19) (Item #11) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Lowers the age for consideration as a juvenile in the criminal justice system. (4/19/24) (2/3 - CA5s19) (Item #11) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to disposition of a juvenile after adjudication of certain felony-grade delinquent acts. (7/1/24) (Item #11) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to disposition of a juvenile after adjudication of certain felony-grade delinquent acts. (7/1/24) (Item #11) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for parole proceedings and revocation of parole in certain cases. (8/1/24) (Item #4) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for parole proceedings and revocation of parole in certain cases. (8/1/24) (Item #4) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to penalties for the crime of operating a vehicle while intoxicated. (7/1/24) (Item #16) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Provides relative to penalties for the crime of operating a vehicle while intoxicated. (7/1/24) (Item #16) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To create the office of state public defender and transfer authority from the Louisiana Public Defender Board. (gov sig) (Item #7) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: To create the office of state public defender and transfer authority from the Louisiana Public Defender Board. (gov sig) (Item #7) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides time limitations for the initiation of prosecution of certain sex offenses. (gov sig)(Item #22) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides time limitations for the initiation of prosecution of certain sex offenses. (gov sig)(Item #22) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reduces good time earned by prisoners sentenced for the death of a peace officer or first responder. (gov sig) (Item #2) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Reduces good time earned by prisoners sentenced for the death of a peace officer or first responder. (gov sig) (Item #2) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Lowers the age for consideration as a juvenile in the criminal justice system. (4/19/24) (2/3 - CA5s19) (Item #11) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Lowers the age for consideration as a juvenile in the criminal justice system. (4/19/24) (2/3 - CA5s19) (Item #11) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Monday, February 19, 2024, at 1:45 p.m.. Description: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Monday, February 19, 2024, at 1:45 p.m.
In 2024, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the districts for election of the justices of the Supreme Court (Item #3) (EG1 INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the districts for election of the justices of the Supreme Court (Item #3) (EG1 INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the maximum number of racing days. Description: Provides relative to the maximum number of racing days
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To make supplemental appropriations for the 2023-2024 Fiscal Year (Items #6, #11, and #14). Description: To make supplemental appropriations for the 2023-2024 Fiscal Year (Items #6, #11, and #14)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for closed party primary elections for certain offices (Items #7, #8, and #10) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for closed party primary elections for certain offices (Items #7, #8, and #10) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for redistricting of Louisiana congressional districts. (Item #1)(See Act) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for redistricting of Louisiana congressional districts. (Item #1)(See Act) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.
In 2024, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Monday, January 15, 2024, at 4:30 pm.. Description: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Monday, January 15, 2024, at 4:30 pm.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the ordinary operating expenses of state government for Fiscal Year 2023-2024. Description: Provides for the ordinary operating expenses of state government for Fiscal Year 2023-2024
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the comprehensive Capital Outlay budget. Description: Provides for the comprehensive Capital Outlay budget
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Omnibus Bond Act. Description: Provides for the Omnibus Bond Act
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to pregnancy-related medical expense obligations. Description: Provides relative to pregnancy-related medical expense obligations
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends deadline for annual January meetings of certain public postsecondary education boards. Description: Extends deadline for annual January meetings of certain public postsecondary education boards
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to default judgments. Description: Provides relative to default judgments
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires display of the national motto, "In God We Trust", in every public elementary, secondary, and postsecondary education classroom. Description: Requires display of the national motto, "In God We Trust", in every public elementary, secondary, and postsecondary education classroom
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates and provides for a program to provide state funding for the education of students with exceptionalities not enrolled in public school (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates and provides for a program to provide state funding for the education of students with exceptionalities not enrolled in public school (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for contract limits for projects (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for contract limits for projects (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits promotion to the fourth grade of certain students whose reading deficiencies have not been remedied by the end of the third grade (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Prohibits promotion to the fourth grade of certain students whose reading deficiencies have not been remedied by the end of the third grade (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Changes the name of one member on the South Tangipahoa Parish Port Commission. Description: Changes the name of one member on the South Tangipahoa Parish Port Commission
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of simple burglary (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the crime of simple burglary (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates certain portions of Louisiana Highways in Calcasieu and St. Tammany parishes. Description: Designates certain portions of Louisiana Highways in Calcasieu and St. Tammany parishes
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to group insurance expenses of the clerk of court of Evangeline Parish. Description: Provides relative to group insurance expenses of the clerk of court of Evangeline Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to court costs for the City Court of Lake Charles (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to court costs for the City Court of Lake Charles (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to extended leave for school bus operators and public school employees (EN LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to extended leave for school bus operators and public school employees (EN LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to reporting of gaming revenue. Description: Provides with respect to reporting of gaming revenue
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates certain portions of highways in Iberia and St. Landry parishes. Description: Designates certain portions of highways in Iberia and St. Landry parishes
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the salary of magistrate judges in the Fourteenth Judicial District Court (EN +$34,700 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides with respect to the salary of magistrate judges in the Fourteenth Judicial District Court (EN +$34,700 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the amount of the individual income tax deductions for elementary and secondary school tuition, educational expenses for home-schooled children, and educational expenses for a quality public education (EN -$2,200,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Increases the amount of the individual income tax deductions for elementary and secondary school tuition, educational expenses for home-schooled children, and educational expenses for a quality public education (EN -$2,200,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Modifies structural pest control provisions related to the registered technician examination and the appointment of research committee members. Description: Modifies structural pest control provisions related to the registered technician examination and the appointment of research committee members
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the bridge located on Interstate 55 service road in Manchac between Lake Maurepas and Lake Pontchartrain as the "Robert E. Mayers, Jr. Memorial Bridge". Description: Designates the bridge located on Interstate 55 service road in Manchac between Lake Maurepas and Lake Pontchartrain as the "Robert E. Mayers, Jr. Memorial Bridge"
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the funding deposit account for Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System and authorizes the board of trustees of the system to modify employer contributions (EN SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE FC). Description: Provides relative to the funding deposit account for Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System and authorizes the board of trustees of the system to modify employer contributions (EN SEE ACTUARIAL NOTE FC)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Delta Agriculture Research and Sustainability District. Description: Provides for the Delta Agriculture Research and Sustainability District
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN INCREASE FC SG EX). Description: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN INCREASE FC SG EX)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to health coverage plan benefits for occupational therapy services delivered via telehealth (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to health coverage plan benefits for occupational therapy services delivered via telehealth (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for nonrecurring lump-sum supplemental payment to certain eligible retirees and beneficiaries (EN +5,970,000 FC SG EX). Description: Provides for nonrecurring lump-sum supplemental payment to certain eligible retirees and beneficiaries (EN +5,970,000 FC SG EX)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Restricts eligibility of nonprofit organizations for property tax exemptions for residential property found to endanger public health or safety (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Restricts eligibility of nonprofit organizations for property tax exemptions for residential property found to endanger public health or safety (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Requires the legislature to appropriate no less than twenty-five percent of nonrecurring state revenues for application to certain state retirement system unfunded accrued liability (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Requires the legislature to appropriate no less than twenty-five percent of nonrecurring state revenues for application to certain state retirement system unfunded accrued liability (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to mayor's court costs (EN +$17,200 LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to mayor's court costs (EN +$17,200 LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to transcription fees charged by court reporters in the Thirty-Sixth Judicial District (EN NO IMPACT LF See Note). Description: Provides relative to transcription fees charged by court reporters in the Thirty-Sixth Judicial District (EN NO IMPACT LF See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the discretion of the district attorney to prosecute a juvenile as an adult for certain offenses. Description: Provides relative to the discretion of the district attorney to prosecute a juvenile as an adult for certain offenses
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to mental health treatment of incarcerated people (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to mental health treatment of incarcerated people (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the Monroe City School Board to levy an ad valorem tax for the purpose of funding early childhood care and education (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes the Monroe City School Board to levy an ad valorem tax for the purpose of funding early childhood care and education (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 657 in Larose, Louisiana, as the "Clarence Marts, Jr. Memorial Highway". Description: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 657 in Larose, Louisiana, as the "Clarence Marts, Jr. Memorial Highway"
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the use of personal watercraft between sunset and sunrise. Description: Authorizes the use of personal watercraft between sunset and sunrise
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the regulation of fueling stations for electric vehicles (EN +$163,037 SD EX See Note). Description: Provides for the regulation of fueling stations for electric vehicles (EN +$163,037 SD EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for consent of a legal representative of a minor who contracts with certain parties. Description: Provides for consent of a legal representative of a minor who contracts with certain parties
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Reduces the rate of the state sales and use tax (EG -$194,600,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Reduces the rate of the state sales and use tax (EG -$194,600,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to per diem and reimbursement of expenses for members of the Cameron Parish Library Board of Control. Description: Provides relative to per diem and reimbursement of expenses for members of the Cameron Parish Library Board of Control
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the crime of burglary of an inhabited dwelling as a crime of violence (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Designates the crime of burglary of an inhabited dwelling as a crime of violence (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the University of Louisiana System to establish tuition and fees for a Doctor of Physical Therapy program at the University of Louisiana at Monroe (EN +$576,000 SG RV See Note). Description: Authorizes the University of Louisiana System to establish tuition and fees for a Doctor of Physical Therapy program at the University of Louisiana at Monroe (EN +$576,000 SG RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes public high schools to offer a course of instruction in the history and literature of the Bible (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Authorizes public high schools to offer a course of instruction in the history and literature of the Bible (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the screening and diagnosis of students with respect to dyslexia (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the screening and diagnosis of students with respect to dyslexia (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to diminution of sentence and parole eligibility for fourth or subsequent nonviolent felony offenses (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to diminution of sentence and parole eligibility for fourth or subsequent nonviolent felony offenses (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the designation of military and veteran friendly campuses. Description: Provides relative to the designation of military and veteran friendly campuses
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 433 in St. Tammany Parish as the "Captain Walter B. Abney Memorial Highway". Description: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 433 in St. Tammany Parish as the "Captain Walter B. Abney Memorial Highway"
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to home inspectors. Description: Provides relative to home inspectors
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to penalties for distribution or possession with intent to distribute fentanyl or carfentanil (EG INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to penalties for distribution or possession with intent to distribute fentanyl or carfentanil (EG INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to supplemental pay for tribal officers of the Coushatta Tribe of La. (EG +$72,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to supplemental pay for tribal officers of the Coushatta Tribe of La. (EG +$72,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for attorney general investigation for publishers and distributors of material harmful to minors (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for attorney general investigation for publishers and distributors of material harmful to minors (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to school facilities preservation and systemwide needs programs in certain school districts (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Provides relative to school facilities preservation and systemwide needs programs in certain school districts (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the prior approval process available to potential suppliers (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the prior approval process available to potential suppliers (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to toll exemptions for students traveling on ferries, roads, and bridges. Description: Provides relative to toll exemptions for students traveling on ferries, roads, and bridges
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to disposition of juveniles after adjudication of certain felony-grade delinquent acts (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to disposition of juveniles after adjudication of certain felony-grade delinquent acts (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the "Protect Teachers Act". Description: Creates the "Protect Teachers Act"
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the board of commissioners of East Feliciana Gas Utility District No. 1. Description: Provides relative to the board of commissioners of East Feliciana Gas Utility District No. 1
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the collection of certain traffic stop data by law enforcement (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the collection of certain traffic stop data by law enforcement (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to penalties for distribution or possession with intent to distribute fentanyl or carfentanil (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to penalties for distribution or possession with intent to distribute fentanyl or carfentanil (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the composition of a parish executive committee of the Democratic Party in Caddo Parish. Description: Provides relative to the composition of a parish executive committee of the Democratic Party in Caddo Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to per diem paid to members of the governing board of Fire District No. 5 of Allen Parish. Description: Provides relative to per diem paid to members of the governing board of Fire District No. 5 of Allen Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to theft or criminal access of automated teller machines (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to theft or criminal access of automated teller machines (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to state supplemental pay for certain law enforcement officers employed by Louisiana public postsecondary education institutions (RE +$4,076,940 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to state supplemental pay for certain law enforcement officers employed by Louisiana public postsecondary education institutions (RE +$4,076,940 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates and provides for a program to provide state funding for the education of students not enrolled in public school and expands the ability of parents to enroll children in the public school of their choice (RR INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates and provides for a program to provide state funding for the education of students not enrolled in public school and expands the ability of parents to enroll children in the public school of their choice (RR INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to the disposition of funds derived from alternative energy production in the coastal area (RR SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to the disposition of funds derived from alternative energy production in the coastal area (RR SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for membership on the Fireman's Supplemental Pay Board (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for membership on the Fireman's Supplemental Pay Board (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds Financial Literacy as a required course for high school students (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Adds Financial Literacy as a required course for high school students (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Appropriates funds for the expenses of the judiciary for Fiscal Year 2023-2024. Description: Appropriates funds for the expenses of the judiciary for Fiscal Year 2023-2024
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of Kinder Public Housing Authority. Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of Kinder Public Housing Authority
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to factors in fixing the amount of bail and modifications of bail. Description: Provides relative to factors in fixing the amount of bail and modifications of bail
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fortified roof endorsements. Description: Provides relative to fortified roof endorsements
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the tax exemption period for cigars and pipe tobacco products sampled at the Premium Cigar Association convention (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Extends the tax exemption period for cigars and pipe tobacco products sampled at the Premium Cigar Association convention (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana State Board of Private Security Examiners. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana State Board of Private Security Examiners
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to volunteer board members of certain interlocal risk management agencies. Description: Provides relative to volunteer board members of certain interlocal risk management agencies
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts certain state property in Lafourche Parish from state park size requirements. Description: Exempts certain state property in Lafourche Parish from state park size requirements
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the disposition of funds derived from alternative energy production in the coastal area (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the disposition of funds derived from alternative energy production in the coastal area (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requires public schools to provide free menstrual products in easily accessible locations (EG INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Requires public schools to provide free menstrual products in easily accessible locations (EG INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires public schools to provide at least one recess period per school day in schools with any grade kindergarten through fifth grade. Description: Requires public schools to provide at least one recess period per school day in schools with any grade kindergarten through fifth grade
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to nursing home requirements and standards for emergency preparedness plans. Description: Provides relative to nursing home requirements and standards for emergency preparedness plans
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the sale or exchange of sixteenth section state lands by the Cameron Parish School Board. Description: Authorizes the sale or exchange of sixteenth section state lands by the Cameron Parish School Board
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts from state excise and sales taxes certain items given free of charge as samples at conventions, trade shows, and similar events (EN +$555,779 GF EX See Note). Description: Exempts from state excise and sales taxes certain items given free of charge as samples at conventions, trade shows, and similar events (EN +$555,779 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to nuisance ordinances regarding grass cutting in West Baton Rouge Parish. Description: Provides relative to nuisance ordinances regarding grass cutting in West Baton Rouge Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals the provisions of the Lake Charles North Redevelopment Authority. Description: Repeals the provisions of the Lake Charles North Redevelopment Authority
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the concealed carrying of firearms (RE1 DECREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the concealed carrying of firearms (RE1 DECREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to advertisement and sponsorship signs on property of the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism. Description: Provides relative to advertisement and sponsorship signs on property of the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Prescription Monitoring Program Advisory Council. Description: Provides relative to the Prescription Monitoring Program Advisory Council
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits a registered sex offender or child predator from serving as a commissioner or watcher. Description: Prohibits a registered sex offender or child predator from serving as a commissioner or watcher
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the abolition of the office of police chief and the police department for the village of Noble. Description: Provides for the abolition of the office of police chief and the police department for the village of Noble
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the secretary of the municipal fire and police civil service board for the city of Monroe. Description: Provides relative to the secretary of the municipal fire and police civil service board for the city of Monroe
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to administrative adjudication of certain ordinance violations in the city of DeRidder. Description: Provides relative to administrative adjudication of certain ordinance violations in the city of DeRidder
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to administrative adjudication of certain ordinance violations in the parish of Acadia. Description: Provides relative to administrative adjudication of certain ordinance violations in the parish of Acadia
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Mid City Economic Development District in Orleans Parish. Description: Provides relative to the Mid City Economic Development District in Orleans Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the termination of custodial property under the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act. Description: Provides for the termination of custodial property under the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to reporting requirements for persons convicted of production or manufacturing of methamphetamine (EG INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to reporting requirements for persons convicted of production or manufacturing of methamphetamine (EG INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the time period for disciplinary offenses prior to an offender being considered for parole (EG INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the time period for disciplinary offenses prior to an offender being considered for parole (EG INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to supplemental pay for municipal or parish fire department employees (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to supplemental pay for municipal or parish fire department employees (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases certain fees for justice of the peace courts (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Increases certain fees for justice of the peace courts (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to denial of parole (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to denial of parole (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Louisiana Rural Infrastructure Revolving Loan Program to provide financial assistance to local governments and political subdivisions for certain capital infrastructure projects (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note). Description: Establishes the Louisiana Rural Infrastructure Revolving Loan Program to provide financial assistance to local governments and political subdivisions for certain capital infrastructure projects (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to rights of victims of alleged delinquent acts (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to rights of victims of alleged delinquent acts (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Changes local sales and use tax exemptions for commercial fishermen and certain seafood processing facilities from optional to mandatory (EN DECREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Changes local sales and use tax exemptions for commercial fishermen and certain seafood processing facilities from optional to mandatory (EN DECREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the secretary of the Baton Rouge municipal fire and police civil service board. Description: Provides relative to the secretary of the Baton Rouge municipal fire and police civil service board
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a tuition waiver for certain disabled veterans (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides for a tuition waiver for certain disabled veterans (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for safety protocols for elementary school students when being dropped off at and picked up from school. Description: Provides for safety protocols for elementary school students when being dropped off at and picked up from school
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Dedicates a portion of the 0.45% state sales tax to payment of the Teachers' Retirement System of La. initial unfunded accrued liability and to highway and bridge preservation projects (RE -$444,300,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Dedicates a portion of the 0.45% state sales tax to payment of the Teachers' Retirement System of La. initial unfunded accrued liability and to highway and bridge preservation projects (RE -$444,300,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to requirements for dealers and marketplace facilitators to collect and remit sales and use taxes (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to requirements for dealers and marketplace facilitators to collect and remit sales and use taxes (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Reduces the severance tax rate for oil over a certain period of time and fixes the severance tax rate for oil produced from certain wells at the current rate (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Reduces the severance tax rate for oil over a certain period of time and fixes the severance tax rate for oil produced from certain wells at the current rate (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits the disclosure of certain information regarding the active duty or dependent status of certain voters. Description: Prohibits the disclosure of certain information regarding the active duty or dependent status of certain voters
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to transfer of ownership of movable property. Description: Provides relative to transfer of ownership of movable property
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the sale of certain vapor products for electronic cigarettes and similar devices (RE2 DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the sale of certain vapor products for electronic cigarettes and similar devices (RE2 DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to telemedicine access for coroners. Description: Provides relative to telemedicine access for coroners
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits the assignment of certain benefits. Description: Prohibits the assignment of certain benefits
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a child in need of care. Description: Provides relative to a child in need of care
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Lake Terrace Crime Prevention District in Orleans Parish. Description: Provides relative to the Lake Terrace Crime Prevention District in Orleans Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to health insurance coverage for standard fertility preservation services (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to health insurance coverage for standard fertility preservation services (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to alcoholic beverages. Description: Provides relative to alcoholic beverages
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to teacher certification. Description: Provides relative to teacher certification
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides an exception to allow an immediate family member of a village governing authority member to be appointed or employed by the village under certain circumstances. Description: Provides an exception to allow an immediate family member of a village governing authority member to be appointed or employed by the village under certain circumstances
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to transcription fees charged by court reporters in the Thirtieth Judicial District (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to transcription fees charged by court reporters in the Thirtieth Judicial District (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to post-adoption visitation rights of grandparents. Description: Provides relative to post-adoption visitation rights of grandparents
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to continuous service for the purpose of determination of chief judge. Description: Provides relative to continuous service for the purpose of determination of chief judge
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to summary judgment. Description: Provides relative to summary judgment
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to newborn screening for certain genetic conditions (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to newborn screening for certain genetic conditions (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fees for the City Court of Hammond (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to fees for the City Court of Hammond (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes penalties associated with minors swimming in certain waterways without personal flotation devices (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Establishes penalties associated with minors swimming in certain waterways without personal flotation devices (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Lowers the age for consideration as a juvenile in the criminal justice system (EGF SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Lowers the age for consideration as a juvenile in the criminal justice system (EGF SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Cameron Parish Water and Wastewater Board for District No. 1. Description: Provides relative to Cameron Parish Water and Wastewater Board for District No. 1
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Local Government Environmental Facilities and Community Development Authority. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Local Government Environmental Facilities and Community Development Authority
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Prohibits slavery and involuntary servitude (REF INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Prohibits slavery and involuntary servitude (REF INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the signatures required on a recall petition (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the signatures required on a recall petition (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts certain school surveillance and security video from the Public Records Law. Description: Exempts certain school surveillance and security video from the Public Records Law
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to acceptable methods of payment for the office of motor vehicles (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to acceptable methods of payment for the office of motor vehicles (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain military members stationed in Louisiana to serve as commissioners. Description: Authorizes certain military members stationed in Louisiana to serve as commissioners
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to commissioners of the Nineteenth Judicial District Court (EN +$456,800 LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to commissioners of the Nineteenth Judicial District Court (EN +$456,800 LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to actions to determine ownership or possession. Description: Provides relative to actions to determine ownership or possession
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to rulemaking and oversight pursuant to the Administrative Procedure Act. Description: Provides relative to rulemaking and oversight pursuant to the Administrative Procedure Act
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for Revenue Sharing Distribution for Fiscal Year 2023-2024. Description: Provides for Revenue Sharing Distribution for Fiscal Year 2023-2024
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Iberville Parish Parks and Recreation District. Description: Provides relative to the Iberville Parish Parks and Recreation District
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to contracts awarded to socially and economically disadvantaged businesses in the city of New Orleans (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to contracts awarded to socially and economically disadvantaged businesses in the city of New Orleans (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Sewerage and Water Board of New Orleans. Description: Provides relative to the Sewerage and Water Board of New Orleans
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to marshals and constables (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to marshals and constables (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to uniform traffic citations. Description: Provides relative to uniform traffic citations
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the continuous revision of the Code of Civil Procedure. Description: Provides for the continuous revision of the Code of Civil Procedure
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Louisiana veterans cemeteries. Description: Provides relative to Louisiana veterans cemeteries
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to licensing and reporting procedures for charitable gaming. Description: Provides relative to licensing and reporting procedures for charitable gaming
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to court costs and fees for the City Court of Ruston (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to court costs and fees for the City Court of Ruston (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the guaranteed issue of Medicare supplement policies. Description: Provides relative to the guaranteed issue of Medicare supplement policies
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain activities regarding contraband (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to certain activities regarding contraband (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fines for building code violations in New Orleans. Description: Provides relative to fines for building code violations in New Orleans
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases certain fees for the justice of the peace courts in East Baton Rouge Parish and Jefferson Parish (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Increases certain fees for the justice of the peace courts in East Baton Rouge Parish and Jefferson Parish (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to corporal punishment in elementary and secondary schools. Description: Provides relative to corporal punishment in elementary and secondary schools
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to the Revenue Stabilization Trust Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to the Revenue Stabilization Trust Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a tax credit for purchases of firearm safety devices (EN -$500,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes a tax credit for purchases of firearm safety devices (EN -$500,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the burial of pet remains with human remains. Description: Provides for the burial of pet remains with human remains
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes assessors in each parish to increase their annual compensation (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Authorizes assessors in each parish to increase their annual compensation (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Repeals provisions in the Louisiana Constitution related to various funds (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Repeals provisions in the Louisiana Constitution related to various funds (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a tax credit for restaurants that recycle oyster shells (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes a tax credit for restaurants that recycle oyster shells (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires extension of the deadline to pay local sales taxes when the deadline for payment of the tax falls on certain holidays (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Requires extension of the deadline to pay local sales taxes when the deadline for payment of the tax falls on certain holidays (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a state maritime academy within the University of Louisiana System (EN +$210,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Establishes a state maritime academy within the University of Louisiana System (EN +$210,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Creates an exception to maximum one-year period for appropriations for nongovernmental entities (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Creates an exception to maximum one-year period for appropriations for nongovernmental entities (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Revenue Stabilization Trust Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Revenue Stabilization Trust Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the sale of annuity products. Description: Provides relative to the sale of annuity products
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a bridge located on Louisiana Highway 1 between Pointe Coupee and Avoyelles, Louisiana, as the "Marion Peter Roy, Sr., Memorial Bridge". Description: Designates a bridge located on Louisiana Highway 1 between Pointe Coupee and Avoyelles, Louisiana, as the "Marion Peter Roy, Sr., Memorial Bridge"
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to release and dissemination of booking photographs of an arrested person. Description: Provides relative to release and dissemination of booking photographs of an arrested person
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the salaries of firefighters employed by the city of Sulphur (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the salaries of firefighters employed by the city of Sulphur (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Delachaise Security and Improvement District in Orleans Parish. Description: Provides relative to the Delachaise Security and Improvement District in Orleans Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the growth and accumulation of grass, weeds, and other deleterious matter in Orleans Parish. Description: Provides relative to the growth and accumulation of grass, weeds, and other deleterious matter in Orleans Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to sequestration of jurors. Description: Provides relative to sequestration of jurors
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to maternity support services of doulas (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to maternity support services of doulas (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the expropriation of property by a declaration of taking by certain political subdivisions of Calcasieu Parish. Description: Provides for the expropriation of property by a declaration of taking by certain political subdivisions of Calcasieu Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the investment of certain funds by the governing authority of Lincoln Parish. Description: Provides relative to the investment of certain funds by the governing authority of Lincoln Parish
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to severance tax revenues remitted to parishes in which the associated severance occurs (RE -$46,900,000 GF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to severance tax revenues remitted to parishes in which the associated severance occurs (RE -$46,900,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Increases amounts of severance tax revenues remitted to parishes and requires that portions of these amounts be spent on parish transportation projects (RE -$21,200,000 GF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Increases amounts of severance tax revenues remitted to parishes and requires that portions of these amounts be spent on parish transportation projects (RE -$21,200,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to conveying by the La. Tax Commission of ad valorem tax assessment information it receives from local assessors (EN +$20,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to conveying by the La. Tax Commission of ad valorem tax assessment information it receives from local assessors (EN +$20,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requires parishes to use portions of severance tax revenues received from the state for economic development activities and infrastructure projects (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Requires parishes to use portions of severance tax revenues received from the state for economic development activities and infrastructure projects (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Automobile Theft and Insurance Fraud Prevention Authority. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Automobile Theft and Insurance Fraud Prevention Authority
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires free school breakfast and lunch for certain students (EN +$859,454 GF EX See Note). Description: Requires free school breakfast and lunch for certain students (EN +$859,454 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of state sales tax increments in certain local tax increment financing initiatives (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the use of state sales tax increments in certain local tax increment financing initiatives (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to expungements for certain amounts of possession of marijuana (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to expungements for certain amounts of possession of marijuana (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires auditees to report progress on implementation of recommendations following a performance audit (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requires auditees to report progress on implementation of recommendations following a performance audit (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to organ donation instruction in public high schools. Description: Provides relative to organ donation instruction in public high schools
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for visitation policies at certain healthcare facilities and requires that such policies allow for in-person visitation (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for visitation policies at certain healthcare facilities and requires that such policies allow for in-person visitation (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Underground Utilities and Facilities Damage Prevention Law. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Underground Utilities and Facilities Damage Prevention Law
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals certain funds within the state treasury (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Repeals certain funds within the state treasury (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for certain insurance premium discounts. Description: Provides for certain insurance premium discounts
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Mid-City Security District in Orleans Parish (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Mid-City Security District in Orleans Parish (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides a time limitation for citing intentional and simple littering violations. Description: Provides a time limitation for citing intentional and simple littering violations
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to parental rights in certain circumstances. Description: Provides relative to parental rights in certain circumstances
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to compensation to wrecker service companies for costs associated with undertaking remedial action involving hazardous material accidents (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to compensation to wrecker service companies for costs associated with undertaking remedial action involving hazardous material accidents (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to cemetery trust funds. Description: Provides relative to cemetery trust funds
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits an elected official who has retired or resigned from office from filling the vacancy his retirement or resignation created. Description: Prohibits an elected official who has retired or resigned from office from filling the vacancy his retirement or resignation created
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to electronic signatures by judges. Description: Provides relative to electronic signatures by judges
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Prohibits the use of monies from a foreign government or nongovernmental source to fund elections. Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Prohibits the use of monies from a foreign government or nongovernmental source to fund elections
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to trained peer support members. Description: Provides relative to trained peer support members
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to administration of public schools (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to administration of public schools (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for Louisiana High School Seniors Voter Registration Day. Description: Provides for Louisiana High School Seniors Voter Registration Day
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals a provision of licensure by endorsement for nurses. Description: Repeals a provision of licensure by endorsement for nurses
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to nursing education. Description: Provides relative to nursing education
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Truth and Transparency in the Louisiana Criminal Justice System Pilot Program (RE1 INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Truth and Transparency in the Louisiana Criminal Justice System Pilot Program (RE1 INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the "Juneteenth" specialty license plate. Description: Creates the "Juneteenth" specialty license plate
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires foundational numeracy skills standards as a component of teacher education programs (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Requires foundational numeracy skills standards as a component of teacher education programs (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Relative to the Taylor Opportunity Program for Students (TOPS), provides that dependent children of parents living overseas meet TOPS residency requirements if certain conditions are met (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Relative to the Taylor Opportunity Program for Students (TOPS), provides that dependent children of parents living overseas meet TOPS residency requirements if certain conditions are met (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a state and local sales tax exemption for purchases of agricultural fencing materials by commercial farmers (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Creates a state and local sales tax exemption for purchases of agricultural fencing materials by commercial farmers (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to automatic weapons (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to automatic weapons (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the transfer of certain state property in Tangipahoa Parish. Description: Provides for the transfer of certain state property in Tangipahoa Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to private insurance for certain deposits and shares. Description: Provides relative to private insurance for certain deposits and shares
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the North Lake Charles Economic Development District and provides relative to the Southside Economic Development District of the City of Monroe. Description: Creates the North Lake Charles Economic Development District and provides relative to the Southside Economic Development District of the City of Monroe
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the capital outlay process and reporting requirements (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the capital outlay process and reporting requirements (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Eliminates the minimum child support award in the child support guidelines. Description: Eliminates the minimum child support award in the child support guidelines
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Early Childhood Care and Education Commission. Description: Provides relative to the Early Childhood Care and Education Commission
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to motions for summary judgment. Description: Provides relative to motions for summary judgment
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the duration of unemployment compensation benefits and provides for extended benefits (RE +$81,550 FF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the duration of unemployment compensation benefits and provides for extended benefits (RE +$81,550 FF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to live event ticketing. Description: Provides relative to live event ticketing
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Redesignates a portion of Louisiana Highway 171 in DeSoto Parish as the "Chris Gray Memorial Highway". Description: Redesignates a portion of Louisiana Highway 171 in DeSoto Parish as the "Chris Gray Memorial Highway"
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to certain permits required by parishes and municipalities. Description: Provides with respect to certain permits required by parishes and municipalities
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Pointe Coupee Parish Retired Employees Insurance Fund. Description: Provides relative to the Pointe Coupee Parish Retired Employees Insurance Fund
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to court costs and civil filing fees in Alexandria City Court (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Provides relative to court costs and civil filing fees in Alexandria City Court (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to school safety. Description: Provides relative to school safety
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the exchange of certain state property in Calcasieu Parish. Description: Authorizes the exchange of certain state property in Calcasieu Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to student behavior, discipline, and behavioral and mental health (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to student behavior, discipline, and behavioral and mental health (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the city of Eunice to levy a hotel occupancy tax. Description: Authorizes the city of Eunice to levy a hotel occupancy tax
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to compensation for Ouachita Parish hospital service district commission members. Description: Provides relative to compensation for Ouachita Parish hospital service district commission members
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Acadiana Regional Juvenile Justice District. Description: Creates the Acadiana Regional Juvenile Justice District
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the governing board of Waterworks District No. 1 of Pointe Coupee Parish. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the governing board of Waterworks District No. 1 of Pointe Coupee Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a Juvenile Justice District to include the parishes of Ascension, Assumption, St. Charles, St. James, and St. John the Baptist (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Creates a Juvenile Justice District to include the parishes of Ascension, Assumption, St. Charles, St. James, and St. John the Baptist (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits the use of TikTok and related applications on computers and networks owned or leased by the state (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Prohibits the use of TikTok and related applications on computers and networks owned or leased by the state (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the qualifications of an elected or appointed police chief. Description: Provides relative to the qualifications of an elected or appointed police chief
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to fees dedicated to the operational costs of the office of coroner in Concordia Parish (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Provides relative to fees dedicated to the operational costs of the office of coroner in Concordia Parish (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to pupil appraisal and services for children transitioning from EarlySteps to services provided by the local public school system upon their third birthday (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to pupil appraisal and services for children transitioning from EarlySteps to services provided by the local public school system upon their third birthday (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the official state nut. Description: Establishes the official state nut
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a premium discount for certain military personnel (EN -$6,500,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for a premium discount for certain military personnel (EN -$6,500,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to criminal blighting of property (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to criminal blighting of property (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to protective orders. Description: Provides relative to protective orders
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the DNA database exchange. Description: Provides relative to the DNA database exchange
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to liability associated with parades. Description: Provides relative to liability associated with parades
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires each insurer subject to the Louisiana Insurance Guaranty Association Law to provide for a data transfer plan and file such plan with the commissioner of insurance. Description: Requires each insurer subject to the Louisiana Insurance Guaranty Association Law to provide for a data transfer plan and file such plan with the commissioner of insurance
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Renewable Energy Development Act. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Renewable Energy Development Act
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to manufactured housing. Description: Provides relative to manufactured housing
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the ancillary expenses of state government. Description: Provides for the ancillary expenses of state government
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to line of credit recommendations for certain capital outlay projects funded through the Capital Outlay Act (RE NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to line of credit recommendations for certain capital outlay projects funded through the Capital Outlay Act (RE NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain building code roofing inspections of a commercial or residential structure. Description: Provides relative to certain building code roofing inspections of a commercial or residential structure
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes special prestige license plates for certain Louisiana schools. Description: Establishes special prestige license plates for certain Louisiana schools
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to filings with the secretary of state's office. Description: Provides relative to filings with the secretary of state's office
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the reinstatement of the voter registration of a person who is no longer under an order of imprisonment. Description: Provides for the reinstatement of the voter registration of a person who is no longer under an order of imprisonment
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires persons being transported offshore by aircraft wear life jackets equipped with personal locator beacons. Description: Requires persons being transported offshore by aircraft wear life jackets equipped with personal locator beacons
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes substitution of certain biosimilar biological products relative to step therapy or fail first protocols. Description: Authorizes substitution of certain biosimilar biological products relative to step therapy or fail first protocols
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to flooding mitigation solutions along the Interstate 12 corridor in Livingston Parish. Description: Provides relative to flooding mitigation solutions along the Interstate 12 corridor in Livingston Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Drone Advisory Committee. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Drone Advisory Committee
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts certain research and development tax credit recipients from detailed examinations by the Department of Economic Development (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Exempts certain research and development tax credit recipients from detailed examinations by the Department of Economic Development (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to stormwater utility systems. Description: Provides relative to stormwater utility systems
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Shreveport Water Works Museum as a facility within the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism (RE +$427,148 GF EX See Note). Description: Establishes the Shreveport Water Works Museum as a facility within the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism (RE +$427,148 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expands the types of investments eligible for the insurance premium tax credit (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Expands the types of investments eligible for the insurance premium tax credit (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a program to be administered by the La. Educational Television Authority for the purpose of encouraging reading for young children and creates a fund within the state treasury for the purpose of funding the program (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Establishes a program to be administered by the La. Educational Television Authority for the purpose of encouraging reading for young children and creates a fund within the state treasury for the purpose of funding the program (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to Medicaid coverage for the Psychiatric Collaborative Care Model (RR INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to Medicaid coverage for the Psychiatric Collaborative Care Model (RR INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends to estates, trusts, and partnerships the flow-through entity income exclusion allowed to individuals (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Extends to estates, trusts, and partnerships the flow-through entity income exclusion allowed to individuals (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes payments from unclaimed funds to certain agents for locating, delivering, recovering, or assisting in the recovery of unclaimed property (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Authorizes payments from unclaimed funds to certain agents for locating, delivering, recovering, or assisting in the recovery of unclaimed property (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to procurement of information technology (RE SEE FISC NOTE EX). Description: Provides relative to procurement of information technology (RE SEE FISC NOTE EX)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the state medical assistance program. Description: Provides relative to the state medical assistance program
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to medicaid coverage of chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to medicaid coverage of chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapy (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to oyster seed ground vessel permits. Description: Provides relative to oyster seed ground vessel permits
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Victims of Vehicular Homicide Fund (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Victims of Vehicular Homicide Fund (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to assault upon a utility service employee (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to assault upon a utility service employee (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the funding of bulletproof vests for peace officers (RE +$8,858,784 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the funding of bulletproof vests for peace officers (RE +$8,858,784 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a refundable individual income tax credit for certain adoptions (EN -$1,300,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes a refundable individual income tax credit for certain adoptions (EN -$1,300,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to parole eligibility for certain offenders (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to parole eligibility for certain offenders (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to online handgun education course curriculum. Description: Provides relative to online handgun education course curriculum
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires agency referrals of delinquent debt to the office of debt recovery for collection to include certain information (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requires agency referrals of delinquent debt to the office of debt recovery for collection to include certain information (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the rights of voters with disabilities (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the rights of voters with disabilities (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the governing authority of East Baton Rouge Parish to rebate sales and use tax revenue collected on the sale of admission tickets to certain events. Description: Authorizes the governing authority of East Baton Rouge Parish to rebate sales and use tax revenue collected on the sale of admission tickets to certain events
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Establishes a tax credit for the development of certain affordable housing projects (EG1 -$1,700,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes a tax credit for the development of certain affordable housing projects (EG1 -$1,700,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to rights in minerals. Description: Provides relative to rights in minerals
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a Commemorative Certificate of Miscarried Child (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides for a Commemorative Certificate of Miscarried Child (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to cosmetology licensure fees (RE INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to cosmetology licensure fees (RE INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to phlebotomists. Description: Provides relative to phlebotomists
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the dispensing of medical marijuana. Description: Provides relative to the dispensing of medical marijuana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires public school governing authorities to post certain fiscal information on their websites (EN +$232,710 GF EX See Note). Description: Requires public school governing authorities to post certain fiscal information on their websites (EN +$232,710 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to possession of a firearm by a felon (REF INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to possession of a firearm by a felon (REF INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to utilization review standards and approval procedures for healthcare service claims submitted by healthcare providers (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to utilization review standards and approval procedures for healthcare service claims submitted by healthcare providers (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to licensure of cosmetologists (RE SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Provides relative to licensure of cosmetologists (RE SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to administration of immunizations and vaccines by pharmacists and other licensees of the La. Board of Pharmacy. Description: Provides relative to administration of immunizations and vaccines by pharmacists and other licensees of the La. Board of Pharmacy
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to grant five-year teaching certificates to applicants who hold out-of-state teaching certificates and who meet other criteria (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requires the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to grant five-year teaching certificates to applicants who hold out-of-state teaching certificates and who meet other criteria (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to licenses for certain raffle games. Description: Provides relative to licenses for certain raffle games
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to admissibility of evidence of a defendant's creative or artistic expression. Description: Provides relative to admissibility of evidence of a defendant's creative or artistic expression
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to information provided when prosecuting offenses (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to information provided when prosecuting offenses (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to expungement of records. Description: Provides relative to expungement of records
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the rehabilitation of historic structures tax credit (EN -$32,500,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the rehabilitation of historic structures tax credit (EN -$32,500,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to suspension of a driver's license and eligibility for a hardship license for certain offenses of operating a vehicle while intoxicated. Description: Provides relative to suspension of a driver's license and eligibility for a hardship license for certain offenses of operating a vehicle while intoxicated
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana National Guard Patriot Scholarship Program to cover the cost of mandatory fees for members attending La. public postsecondary education institutions (EG INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana National Guard Patriot Scholarship Program to cover the cost of mandatory fees for members attending La. public postsecondary education institutions (EG INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to inspections of riverboats. Description: Provides relative to inspections of riverboats
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to ratemaking systems utilized by insurers and rate service organizations. Description: Provides relative to ratemaking systems utilized by insurers and rate service organizations
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for procedures and guidance regarding voter registration activities. Description: Provides for procedures and guidance regarding voter registration activities
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for fees on emergency ground ambulance providers and the disposition of fees (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for fees on emergency ground ambulance providers and the disposition of fees (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes revisions to the Louisiana Election Code. Description: Makes revisions to the Louisiana Election Code
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Louisiana Board of Chiropractic Examiners. Description: Provides relative to Louisiana Board of Chiropractic Examiners
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the applicability of the additional property tax exemptions for certain veterans with disabilities (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides with respect to the applicability of the additional property tax exemptions for certain veterans with disabilities (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Modifies the definition of the term commercial farmer by removing certain reporting requirements (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Modifies the definition of the term commercial farmer by removing certain reporting requirements (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to hull identification numbers issued by the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries. Description: Provides relative to hull identification numbers issued by the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in Orleans Parish. Description: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in Orleans Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Interagency Council on Homelessness within the office of the governor (EN INCREASE FF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Interagency Council on Homelessness within the office of the governor (EN INCREASE FF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Insurance Guaranty Association (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Insurance Guaranty Association (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to procurement of fiscal intermediary services (RE NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to procurement of fiscal intermediary services (RE NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes an insurance premium tax credit for retaliatory taxes paid by certain domestic insurers (EN -$9,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes an insurance premium tax credit for retaliatory taxes paid by certain domestic insurers (EN -$9,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for placement of a special identification sticker or decal on a motor vehicle operated by a person with autism spectrum disorder or their guardian. Description: Provides for placement of a special identification sticker or decal on a motor vehicle operated by a person with autism spectrum disorder or their guardian
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for certain insurance premium discounts. (gov sig). Description: Provides for certain insurance premium discounts. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the "Utility Line Worker", the "Louisiana Soccer Association", and the Louisiana Respiratory Therapist "RT STRONG" special prestige license plates. Description: Creates the "Utility Line Worker", the "Louisiana Soccer Association", and the Louisiana Respiratory Therapist "RT STRONG" special prestige license plates
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to juvenile detention facilities. Description: Provides relative to juvenile detention facilities
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to distilleries. Description: Provides relative to distilleries
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Community Options Waiver Fund and provides for dedication of revenues and use of monies in the fund (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes the Community Options Waiver Fund and provides for dedication of revenues and use of monies in the fund (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a chief resilience officer and provides for interagency coordination of resilience planning (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Establishes a chief resilience officer and provides for interagency coordination of resilience planning (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 398 as the "Commander Glenn Daigle Memorial Bridge". Description: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 398 as the "Commander Glenn Daigle Memorial Bridge"
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the Louisiana Department of Economic Development to establish and administer the Louisiana Industrial Product Certification Program (RE +$202,029 SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for the Louisiana Department of Economic Development to establish and administer the Louisiana Industrial Product Certification Program (RE +$202,029 SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fees charged for certain military honor license plates and the processing of plates at the office of motor vehicles state headquarters (EN -$44,000 SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to fees charged for certain military honor license plates and the processing of plates at the office of motor vehicles state headquarters (EN -$44,000 SG RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Changes the composition and qualifications of the board of commissioners of the Red River, Atchafalaya, and Bayou Boeuf Levee District. Description: Changes the composition and qualifications of the board of commissioners of the Red River, Atchafalaya, and Bayou Boeuf Levee District
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a prohibition against foreign adversary purchasing, leasing, or acquiring land (EN GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for a prohibition against foreign adversary purchasing, leasing, or acquiring land (EN GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provide relative to the authorization of the office of motor vehicles to impose fines on contracts. Description: Provide relative to the authorization of the office of motor vehicles to impose fines on contracts
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a port and harbor police force for ports meeting certain requirements (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Establishes a port and harbor police force for ports meeting certain requirements (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of law as the "Lane Allen Gottschalck Law". Description: Designates a portion of law as the "Lane Allen Gottschalck Law"
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to criminal justice reinvestment savings (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to criminal justice reinvestment savings (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to legislative continuances (RE DECREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to legislative continuances (RE DECREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to catalytic converter sales law (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to catalytic converter sales law (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the 340B drug pricing program (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the 340B drug pricing program (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the transfer, deposit, and use of monies among state funds. Description: Provides for the transfer, deposit, and use of monies among state funds
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2022-2023. Description: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2022-2023
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the nomination of voters with disabilities for gubernatorial appointment to the State Board of Election Supervisors. Description: Provides for the nomination of voters with disabilities for gubernatorial appointment to the State Board of Election Supervisors
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the cemetery care fund. Description: Provides relative to the cemetery care fund
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to electronic monitoring (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to electronic monitoring (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the collection and remittance of state and local sales and use taxes (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the collection and remittance of state and local sales and use taxes (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the practice of optometry. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to the practice of optometry. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2022-2023. Description: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2022-2023
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana State University Agricultural Center (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana State University Agricultural Center (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Motion Picture Production Tax Credit (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Motion Picture Production Tax Credit (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a law enforcement recruitment incentive fund (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note). Description: Creates a law enforcement recruitment incentive fund (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to racehorse wagering. Description: Provides relative to racehorse wagering
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the University Security District in East Baton Rouge Parish. Description: Creates the University Security District in East Baton Rouge Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to sanctions for a lapse in required vehicle liability security (EN -$482,845 RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to sanctions for a lapse in required vehicle liability security (EN -$482,845 RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to carbon capture and sequestration (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Provides relative to carbon capture and sequestration (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to prohibited provisions in certain public contracts. Description: Provides relative to prohibited provisions in certain public contracts
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a smoking cessation benefits program (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Provides relative to a smoking cessation benefits program (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to pet insurance. Description: Provides relative to pet insurance
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to franchise fee audits. Description: Provides relative to franchise fee audits
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for civil liability for actions related to fentanyl. Description: Provides for civil liability for actions related to fentanyl
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Community Health Worker Workforce Board (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Community Health Worker Workforce Board (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to fee exemptions for certain solar power generation facilities (EG SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to fee exemptions for certain solar power generation facilities (EG SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to driver education skills test. Description: Provides relative to driver education skills test
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to cemeteries (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to cemeteries (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a portal to provide comprehensive financial and other information to the public (EN -$3,500,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for a portal to provide comprehensive financial and other information to the public (EN -$3,500,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to bad faith claims against insurers. Description: Provides relative to bad faith claims against insurers
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Increases the tax-exempt amount of annual retirement income (EG -$15,300,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Increases the tax-exempt amount of annual retirement income (EG -$15,300,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the credit and the deduction for taxes paid to other states (EN +$39,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides with respect to the credit and the deduction for taxes paid to other states (EN +$39,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for applicability of sales tax to sales of admissions to certain museums (EN INCREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for applicability of sales tax to sales of admissions to certain museums (EN INCREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Evangeline Economic Development Authority in Evangeline Parish. Description: Creates the Evangeline Economic Development Authority in Evangeline Parish
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to a fee increase for the Imported Seafood Safety Fund (RE +$1,875 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to a fee increase for the Imported Seafood Safety Fund (RE +$1,875 SD RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the Livingston Parish Library Board of Control. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the Livingston Parish Library Board of Control
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts from local sales and use taxes certain prescription drugs administered by topical system in medical clinics (EN DECREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Exempts from local sales and use taxes certain prescription drugs administered by topical system in medical clinics (EN DECREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the sourcing of sales for purposes of calculating Louisiana income (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides with respect to the sourcing of sales for purposes of calculating Louisiana income (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a severance tax exemption for deep-well oil and gas production (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to a severance tax exemption for deep-well oil and gas production (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Literacy Advisory Commission. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Literacy Advisory Commission. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the rate of the excise tax on vapor products and electronic cigarettes and dedicates a portion of the avails of such increase to payment of salaries and related benefits for La. State Police (EN -$5,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Increases the rate of the excise tax on vapor products and electronic cigarettes and dedicates a portion of the avails of such increase to payment of salaries and related benefits for La. State Police (EN -$5,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations for the expenses of the legislature for Fiscal Year 2023-2024. Description: Makes appropriations for the expenses of the legislature for Fiscal Year 2023-2024
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to tax benefits for adoption of children from foster care and donations to foster care charitable organizations (RE DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to tax benefits for adoption of children from foster care and donations to foster care charitable organizations (RE DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to cytomegalovirus (CMV) testing for newborns (EN GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to cytomegalovirus (CMV) testing for newborns (EN GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates Affordable Digital Textbook and Learning Materials Pilot Programs (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Creates Affordable Digital Textbook and Learning Materials Pilot Programs (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of unlawful production, manufacturing, distribution, or possession of Xylazine (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the crime of unlawful production, manufacturing, distribution, or possession of Xylazine (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to manufacturing distillers of alcoholic beverages. Description: Provides relative to manufacturing distillers of alcoholic beverages
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits certain procedures to alter the sex of a minor child. Description: Prohibits certain procedures to alter the sex of a minor child
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a Louisiana Music Trail and related programs (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Provides for a Louisiana Music Trail and related programs (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to compensation and other requirements for official journals of parishes, municipalities and school boards (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to compensation and other requirements for official journals of parishes, municipalities and school boards (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to alcoholic beverage products for consumption off restaurant premises. Description: Provides relative to alcoholic beverage products for consumption off restaurant premises
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain healthcare professionals to certify the existence of an illness. Description: Authorizes certain healthcare professionals to certify the existence of an illness
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Granting Unserved Municipalities Broadband Opportunities (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to Granting Unserved Municipalities Broadband Opportunities (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the collection of fees associated with facilitating an electronic signature or authorization (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides for the collection of fees associated with facilitating an electronic signature or authorization (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to kratom products (RE1 +$88,100 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to kratom products (RE1 +$88,100 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to water cooperatives. Description: Provides relative to water cooperatives
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to tax benefits for adoption of children from foster care and donations to foster care charitable organizations (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to tax benefits for adoption of children from foster care and donations to foster care charitable organizations (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the carrying of concealed firearms by qualified retired law enforcement officers (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the carrying of concealed firearms by qualified retired law enforcement officers (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Changes the month for the annual determination of the personal income tax and corporate franchise tax automatic rate reductions. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Changes the month for the annual determination of the personal income tax and corporate franchise tax automatic rate reductions. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for alternatives in lieu of payment under protest for challenges to ad valorem tax assessments. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for alternatives in lieu of payment under protest for challenges to ad valorem tax assessments. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to access to certain materials in public libraries. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to access to certain materials in public libraries. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to interest applicable to local sales and use taxes paid under protest. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to interest applicable to local sales and use taxes paid under protest. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts certain real estate investment trusts from the corporate franchise tax. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Exempts certain real estate investment trusts from the corporate franchise tax. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires an automated external defibrillator on the premises of all educational institutions and at sponsored athletic events. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Requires an automated external defibrillator on the premises of all educational institutions and at sponsored athletic events. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to schedules of the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substances Law. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to schedules of the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substances Law. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to per diem received by commissioners of the Vinton Harbor and Terminal District. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to per diem received by commissioners of the Vinton Harbor and Terminal District. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to parish boards of election supervisors. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to parish boards of election supervisors. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the composition, terms, powers, and duties of the Shreveport police and firefighters' pension boards of trustees. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides for the composition, terms, powers, and duties of the Shreveport police and firefighters' pension boards of trustees. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for benefit increases for retirees, beneficiaries, and survivors of state retirement systems and the funding therefor. (2/3-CA10s(29)(F)) (gov sig) (EN INCREASE FC SG RE). Description: Provides for benefit increases for retirees, beneficiaries, and survivors of state retirement systems and the funding therefor. (2/3-CA10s(29)(F)) (gov sig) (EN INCREASE FC SG RE)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to hospital service districts and scholarships for certain healthcare professionals. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to hospital service districts and scholarships for certain healthcare professionals. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Names the DOTD headquarters building in Baton Rouge in honor of Governor P.B.S. Pinchback. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note). Description: Names the DOTD headquarters building in Baton Rouge in honor of Governor P.B.S. Pinchback. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to soil conservation policy. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to soil conservation policy. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires approval by the secretary of state for the use and expands permissible locations of alternative locations for early voting. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Requires approval by the secretary of state for the use and expands permissible locations of alternative locations for early voting. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Board for Hearing Aid Dealers. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Board for Hearing Aid Dealers. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to public notice of hearings of the Ethics Adjudicatory Board. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to public notice of hearings of the Ethics Adjudicatory Board. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to grain sampling and grading.. Description: Provides relative to grain sampling and grading.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of a surgical smoke plume evacuation system. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the use of a surgical smoke plume evacuation system. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the transfer of funds in an ABLE account of a deceased designated beneficiary. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV). Description: Provides for the transfer of funds in an ABLE account of a deceased designated beneficiary. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates database to track trafficking arrests, convictions, restitution, fines, and civil asset forfeiture. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Creates database to track trafficking arrests, convictions, restitution, fines, and civil asset forfeiture. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the amount of supplemental pay for eligible law enforcement and fire service employees. (7/1/23) (EN +$23,553,120 GF EX See Note). Description: Increases the amount of supplemental pay for eligible law enforcement and fire service employees. (7/1/23) (EN +$23,553,120 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for "Crisis Lifeline dial 988" to be included on all state-issued driver's licenses and personal identification cards and the home page of LA Wallet. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for "Crisis Lifeline dial 988" to be included on all state-issued driver's licenses and personal identification cards and the home page of LA Wallet. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for funding of certain insurance costs for retirees of the Ascension Parish Sheriff's Office. (8/1/23) (EN +$123,000 LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for funding of certain insurance costs for retirees of the Ascension Parish Sheriff's Office. (8/1/23) (EN +$123,000 LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Berwick Housing Authority. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Berwick Housing Authority. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Community Options Waiver Fund and provides for dedication of revenues and use of monies in the fund. (7/1/23) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes the Community Options Waiver Fund and provides for dedication of revenues and use of monies in the fund. (7/1/23) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows the use of summary proceedings in matters pending before the Ethics Adjudicatory Board. (8/1/23). Description: Allows the use of summary proceedings in matters pending before the Ethics Adjudicatory Board. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a tax credit for certain maternal wellness centers. (8/1/23) (EN -$5,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes a tax credit for certain maternal wellness centers. (8/1/23) (EN -$5,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Watershed Initiative. (8/1/23) (RE NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Watershed Initiative. (8/1/23) (RE NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts certain persons who sell trolling motors from licensing requirements. (8/1/23) (EN -$26,225 SG RV See Note). Description: Exempts certain persons who sell trolling motors from licensing requirements. (8/1/23) (EN -$26,225 SG RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to high-occupancy vehicle (HOV) lanes. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to high-occupancy vehicle (HOV) lanes. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for concurrence of a public school system prior to changing certain information assigned to a student in the data collection system. (gov sig). Description: Provides for concurrence of a public school system prior to changing certain information assigned to a student in the data collection system. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for review of textbooks and other instructional materials. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for review of textbooks and other instructional materials. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to eliminate a judge's discretion to grant bail for certain offenses after conviction. (2/3 - CA8s1) (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Constitutional amendment to eliminate a judge's discretion to grant bail for certain offenses after conviction. (2/3 - CA8s1) (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases penalties for the crime of creation or operation of a clandestine laboratory for the unlawful manufacture of certain controlled dangerous substances. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Increases penalties for the crime of creation or operation of a clandestine laboratory for the unlawful manufacture of certain controlled dangerous substances. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Electric Utility Energy Transition Securitization Act. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Electric Utility Energy Transition Securitization Act. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for technical corrections beyond the authority of the Louisiana State Law Institute to certain citations in the Administrative Procedure Act as amended by Act 211 of the 2021 Regular Session and Act 663 of the 2022 Regular Session. (gov sig). Description: Provides for technical corrections beyond the authority of the Louisiana State Law Institute to certain citations in the Administrative Procedure Act as amended by Act 211 of the 2021 Regular Session and Act 663 of the 2022 Regular Session. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the powers and authority of the commission of the Cane River Waterway District. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for the powers and authority of the commission of the Cane River Waterway District. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals provisions relative to police officers making arrests for certain misdemeanors and felonies. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Repeals provisions relative to police officers making arrests for certain misdemeanors and felonies. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for procuration or mandate by a succession representative. (7/1/23). Description: Provides for procuration or mandate by a succession representative. (7/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reinstates the Second Amendment sales tax holiday. (7/1/23) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Reinstates the Second Amendment sales tax holiday. (7/1/23) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the board of commissioners for the East Baton Rouge Parish Communications District. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the board of commissioners for the East Baton Rouge Parish Communications District. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for creation of a public benefit corporation in Jefferson Parish. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for creation of a public benefit corporation in Jefferson Parish. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the sale of certain school property by the Natchitoches Parish School Board and the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education. (gov sig). Description: Authorizes the sale of certain school property by the Natchitoches Parish School Board and the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates an individual income tax checkoff for donations for Holden's Hope. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Creates an individual income tax checkoff for donations for Holden's Hope. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the notification of certain hazardous material releases. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for the notification of certain hazardous material releases. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional Amendment to provide that the right of freedom of worship in churches or other places of worship is a fundamental right that is worthy of the highest order of protection. (2/3-CA13s1(A)). Description: Constitutional Amendment to provide that the right of freedom of worship in churches or other places of worship is a fundamental right that is worthy of the highest order of protection. (2/3-CA13s1(A))
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates Ezekiel's Law and provides relative to protecting children from abuse. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates Ezekiel's Law and provides relative to protecting children from abuse. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to state procurement of pharmacy benefit manager services by use of reverse auction technology. (8/1/23) (RE SEE FISC NOTE EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to state procurement of pharmacy benefit manager services by use of reverse auction technology. (8/1/23) (RE SEE FISC NOTE EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to telehealth services. (1/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to telehealth services. (1/1/24) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires certain financial documents related to the Louisiana Timber and Agriculture Transportation Group Self-Insurance Funds. (gov sig). Description: Requires certain financial documents related to the Louisiana Timber and Agriculture Transportation Group Self-Insurance Funds. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the lease of property located within Jefferson Parish.. Description: Provides for the lease of property located within Jefferson Parish.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the sunset of the research and development tax credit. (gov sig) (EN -$1,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Extends the sunset of the research and development tax credit. (gov sig) (EN -$1,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the creation of cooperative economic development districts affiliated with Southern University and Louisiana State University in East Baton Rouge Parish. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes the creation of cooperative economic development districts affiliated with Southern University and Louisiana State University in East Baton Rouge Parish. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the issuance of revenue bonds on behalf of the Department of Public Safety and Corrections. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the issuance of revenue bonds on behalf of the Department of Public Safety and Corrections. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to truancy and assessment and service centers. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to truancy and assessment and service centers. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Southeast Louisiana Port Authority Advisory Commission. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Creates the Southeast Louisiana Port Authority Advisory Commission. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the assessment of taxes by the Department of Revenue. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the assessment of taxes by the Department of Revenue. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a special medical district in St. Martin Parish. (gov sig). Description: Creates a special medical district in St. Martin Parish. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the capital outlay process. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the capital outlay process. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to expenditures utilized to claim income and franchise tax credits. (gov sig) (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to expenditures utilized to claim income and franchise tax credits. (gov sig) (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for transparency and community engagement in redistricting. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for transparency and community engagement in redistricting. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the associate educator program. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the associate educator program. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to ignition interlock devices. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to ignition interlock devices. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for certain change orders when certain unit prices are contained in the initial contract. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for certain change orders when certain unit prices are contained in the initial contract. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the La. Board of Ethics to send certain communications electronically. (1/1/24) (EN +$1,250 GF EX See Note). Description: Requires the La. Board of Ethics to send certain communications electronically. (1/1/24) (EN +$1,250 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the jurisdictional boundaries of the Benton Metropolitan Planning Commission. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for the jurisdictional boundaries of the Benton Metropolitan Planning Commission. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the net capital gains deduction for individual income tax. (8/1/23) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the net capital gains deduction for individual income tax. (8/1/23) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the board of commissioners of veterans' memorial districts. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the board of commissioners of veterans' memorial districts. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds certain substances to the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substance Law. (8/1/23). Description: Adds certain substances to the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substance Law. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana New Markets Jobs Act. (gov sig) (EN -$22,500,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana New Markets Jobs Act. (gov sig) (EN -$22,500,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides the Louisiana Insurance Guaranty Association and the Louisiana Citizens Property Corporation shall not be liable for certain property damage insurance claims. (8/1/23). Description: Provides the Louisiana Insurance Guaranty Association and the Louisiana Citizens Property Corporation shall not be liable for certain property damage insurance claims. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for adding interest in bone marrow donorship to the list of options offered during application for renewal of a state-issued driver's license. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for adding interest in bone marrow donorship to the list of options offered during application for renewal of a state-issued driver's license. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for advanced recycling facilities. (gov sig). Description: Provides for advanced recycling facilities. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the distribution of funds from the Lafayette Parish Visitor Enterprise Fund. (7/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX). Description: Provides for the distribution of funds from the Lafayette Parish Visitor Enterprise Fund. (7/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Acadiana Watershed District. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to the Acadiana Watershed District. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Renames the Department of Natural Resources. (1/10/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Renames the Department of Natural Resources. (1/10/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for health insurance coverage of genetic testing for diseases and other medical conditions. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for health insurance coverage of genetic testing for diseases and other medical conditions. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the insurer to provide upon written request of the insured claim file for certain records in connection with an unsettled property insurance claim. (8/1/23). Description: Requires the insurer to provide upon written request of the insured claim file for certain records in connection with an unsettled property insurance claim. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to definition of first degree murder and penalties. (gov sig) (RE NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to definition of first degree murder and penalties. (gov sig) (RE NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Angel Investor Tax Credit Program. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Angel Investor Tax Credit Program. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for balance billing by and reimbursement of covered health services provided by out-of-network emergency ambulance services. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for balance billing by and reimbursement of covered health services provided by out-of-network emergency ambulance services. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for patient's right to prompt coverage. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for patient's right to prompt coverage. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to system upgrades to the Louisiana Bureau of Criminal Identification and Information and the Louisiana Supreme Court Case Management Information System to the expungement process. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to system upgrades to the Louisiana Bureau of Criminal Identification and Information and the Louisiana Supreme Court Case Management Information System to the expungement process. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to educational benefits for children, spouses, and surviving spouses of certain veterans. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to educational benefits for children, spouses, and surviving spouses of certain veterans. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an increase in the allocation of funds to parish councils on aging for senior centers. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for an increase in the allocation of funds to parish councils on aging for senior centers. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of assault by drive-by shooting. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to the crime of assault by drive-by shooting. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the sunset of the Louisiana Tax Free Shopping Program. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Extends the sunset of the Louisiana Tax Free Shopping Program. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the M.J. Foster Promise Program.. Description: Provides relative to the M.J. Foster Promise Program.
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates and provides for the Community Sewerage System Infrastructure Sustainability Act. (1/1/24) (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates and provides for the Community Sewerage System Infrastructure Sustainability Act. (1/1/24) (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the penalty for driving a vehicle without a license plate attached. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Increases the penalty for driving a vehicle without a license plate attached. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to authorize the local governing authority of each parish to provide a limited ad valorem tax exemption for qualified first responders. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (EN DECREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Constitutional amendment to authorize the local governing authority of each parish to provide a limited ad valorem tax exemption for qualified first responders. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (EN DECREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires certain state entities to report corrective actions taken to mitigate state risk exposure upon request of the litigation subcommittee of the Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget. (8/1/23). Description: Requires certain state entities to report corrective actions taken to mitigate state risk exposure upon request of the litigation subcommittee of the Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes retired law enforcement officers and retired elected law enforcement department heads to carry concealed firearms if POST certified at the time of retirement. (8/1/23). Description: Authorizes retired law enforcement officers and retired elected law enforcement department heads to carry concealed firearms if POST certified at the time of retirement. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the commission for the Port of South Louisiana to set contract limits. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for the commission for the Port of South Louisiana to set contract limits. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to exemptions to capital outlay procedure. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Provides relative to exemptions to capital outlay procedure. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Medicaid reimbursement for services provided by a licensed midwife or certified nurse midwife. (8/1/23) (EN +$39,972 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to Medicaid reimbursement for services provided by a licensed midwife or certified nurse midwife. (8/1/23) (EN +$39,972 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the governance of the Baton Rouge North Economic Development District. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the governance of the Baton Rouge North Economic Development District. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Office of the State Child Ombudsman and the state child ombudsman. (8/1/23) (EN +$293,877 GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Office of the State Child Ombudsman and the state child ombudsman. (8/1/23) (EN +$293,877 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to online judicial sales. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to online judicial sales. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the utilization of court reporters licensed in another state in certain circumstances. (8/1/23). Description: Authorizes the utilization of court reporters licensed in another state in certain circumstances. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for former officers or insolvent insurers. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for former officers or insolvent insurers. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to horse racing. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to horse racing. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for methods to contract for certain airport facilities. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for methods to contract for certain airport facilities. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for Megaprojects Leverage Fund investments. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for Megaprojects Leverage Fund investments. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Churches and Nonprofit Religious Organizations Self-Insured Fund. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Churches and Nonprofit Religious Organizations Self-Insured Fund. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Cybersecurity Commission. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Cybersecurity Commission. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Correctional Facility Capital Outlay Fund. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Creates the Correctional Facility Capital Outlay Fund. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for renewable energy leases. (gov sig). Description: Provides for renewable energy leases. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that no property insurance policy shall prohibit an insured from hiring a public adjuster. (8/1/23). Description: Provides that no property insurance policy shall prohibit an insured from hiring a public adjuster. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the powers and duties of the Louisiana Racing Commission. (7/1/23). Description: Provides relative to the powers and duties of the Louisiana Racing Commission. (7/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Louisiana Small Wild Catfish Processor's Act. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for the Louisiana Small Wild Catfish Processor's Act. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Secure Online Child Interaction and Age Limitation Act. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Secure Online Child Interaction and Age Limitation Act. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires numeracy professional development for certain teachers. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE FF EX See Note). Description: Requires numeracy professional development for certain teachers. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE FF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to prior authorization for services, procedures, and pharmaceuticals. (gov sig) (RE1 INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to prior authorization for services, procedures, and pharmaceuticals. (gov sig) (RE1 INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the division of administration to waive local match requirements for certain non-state entity projects. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Authorizes the division of administration to waive local match requirements for certain non-state entity projects. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to design-build. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to design-build. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for tracking rape kits from collection through conviction. (8/1/23) (EN +$737,541 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for tracking rape kits from collection through conviction. (8/1/23) (EN +$737,541 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the pharmacy benefit managers quality incentive program. (gov sig) (RE1 SG EX See Note). Description: Creates the pharmacy benefit managers quality incentive program. (gov sig) (RE1 SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the disposition of monies designated for horse racing purses. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for the disposition of monies designated for horse racing purses. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Criminalizes deepfakes involving minors and defines the rights to digital image and likeness. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Criminalizes deepfakes involving minors and defines the rights to digital image and likeness. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to required accelerated instruction for certain students. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE FF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to required accelerated instruction for certain students. (8/1/23) (EN INCREASE FF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases penalties for violations relative to the purchase of junk, used or secondhand property or scrap metal. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Increases penalties for violations relative to the purchase of junk, used or secondhand property or scrap metal. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the construction code retrofitting deduction for individual income tax. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the construction code retrofitting deduction for individual income tax. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for repayment of personal contributions or loans. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for repayment of personal contributions or loans. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the licensing and regulation of virtual businesses. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the licensing and regulation of virtual businesses. (8/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact. (1/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact. (1/1/24) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to cremation of bodies. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to cremation of bodies. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for utilization review and approval procedures of claims for healthcare provider services. (gov sig). Description: Provides for utilization review and approval procedures of claims for healthcare provider services. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to electronic or video bingo machines and licensed premises. (7/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to electronic or video bingo machines and licensed premises. (7/1/23) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain payments for home improvement contracting services. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to certain payments for home improvement contracting services. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits public postsecondary education institutions from entering into promotional agreements with gaming entities. (gov sig). Description: Prohibits public postsecondary education institutions from entering into promotional agreements with gaming entities. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Gaming Control Board. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Gaming Control Board. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the sale or service of alcohol to any person under the age of twenty-one. (2/3-CA7s2.1(A)) (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the sale or service of alcohol to any person under the age of twenty-one. (2/3-CA7s2.1(A)) (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to teacher certification. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to teacher certification. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to consumable hemp products. (8/1/23) (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to consumable hemp products. (8/1/23) (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that retaliation against an employee for an absence from work due to genetic testing or a medically necessary cancer screening shall be an unlawful employment practice. (8/1/23). Description: Provides that retaliation against an employee for an absence from work due to genetic testing or a medically necessary cancer screening shall be an unlawful employment practice. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for meetings of boards and commissions via electronic means. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE EX See Note). Description: Provides for meetings of boards and commissions via electronic means. (8/1/23) (EN SEE FISC NOTE EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to campus accountability and safety.. Description: Provides relative to campus accountability and safety.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the M.J. Foster Promise Award program. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the M.J. Foster Promise Award program. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Foundational Integrated Research System for Transformation (LA FIRST). (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Foundational Integrated Research System for Transformation (LA FIRST). (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to foreign interest in certain Louisiana research facilities. (7/1/23). Description: Provides relative to foreign interest in certain Louisiana research facilities. (7/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the School Safety Act of 2023. (gov sig) (EN +$8,969,075 GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the School Safety Act of 2023. (gov sig) (EN +$8,969,075 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the costs for public records. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to the costs for public records. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Create the office of port development within the Department of Economic Development and create a port development advisory committee. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Create the office of port development within the Department of Economic Development and create a port development advisory committee. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides justification defense to domestic violence victim-defendants. (8/1/23). Description: Provides justification defense to domestic violence victim-defendants. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a state wide database for individuals convicted of child abuse/neglect. (7/1/24) (EN +$490,135 GF EX See Note). Description: Creates a state wide database for individuals convicted of child abuse/neglect. (7/1/24) (EN +$490,135 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for powers, duties, and functions of the State Plumbing Board. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for powers, duties, and functions of the State Plumbing Board. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Morgan City Housing Authority. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Morgan City Housing Authority. (gov sig)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the transaction fee for processing office of motor vehicles transactions in the city of West Monroe. (8/1/23) (EN +$53,848 LF RV See Note). Description: Increases the transaction fee for processing office of motor vehicles transactions in the city of West Monroe. (8/1/23) (EN +$53,848 LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the city of Denham Springs to levy a hotel occupancy tax.. Description: Authorizes the city of Denham Springs to levy a hotel occupancy tax.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for state and local sales and use taxes on digital art sold in a cultural product district. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for state and local sales and use taxes on digital art sold in a cultural product district. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 18, 2023, as Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 18, 2023, as Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Exempts from state and local sales and use taxes certain tangible personal property and services related to photography and videography services. (gov sig) (RE DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Exempts from state and local sales and use taxes certain tangible personal property and services related to photography and videography services. (gov sig) (RE DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the boundaries and certain payments to the New Orleans Exhibition Hall Authority Economic Growth and Development District. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for the boundaries and certain payments to the New Orleans Exhibition Hall Authority Economic Growth and Development District. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Modifies the federal income tax deduction for taxpayers impacted by Hurricane Ida. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Modifies the federal income tax deduction for taxpayers impacted by Hurricane Ida. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the creation of the Mickens Place Crime Prevention and Improvement District in East Baton Rouge Parish. (8/1/23). Description: Provides relative to the creation of the Mickens Place Crime Prevention and Improvement District in East Baton Rouge Parish. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for creation of the Victoria Farms Crime Prevention and Improvement District. (8/1/23). Description: Provides for creation of the Victoria Farms Crime Prevention and Improvement District. (8/1/23)
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Expanding Louisiana's Health Care Workforce Fund. (8/1/23) (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Expanding Louisiana's Health Care Workforce Fund. (8/1/23) (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the removal of deceased voters from the voter registration rolls. Description: Provides relative to the removal of deceased voters from the voter registration rolls
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 25, 2023, as Step Up Louisiana Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 25, 2023, as Step Up Louisiana Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the week of April 11 through 17, 2023, as Black Maternal Health Week. Description: Recognizes the week of April 11 through 17, 2023, as Black Maternal Health Week
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 11, 2023, as Ponchatoula Strawberry Festival Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 11, 2023, as Ponchatoula Strawberry Festival Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Thursday, April 13, 2023, as 4-H Day at the state capitol and commends the state 4-H officers. Description: Designates Thursday, April 13, 2023, as 4-H Day at the state capitol and commends the state 4-H officers
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to permit incarcerated parents to virtually attend certain ceremonies involving their children. Description: Directs the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to permit incarcerated parents to virtually attend certain ceremonies involving their children
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Dr. Henry Louis Hardy. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Dr. Henry Louis Hardy
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Lolita Althea Perez Dufauchard. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Lolita Althea Perez Dufauchard
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Tulane University Green Wave football team on winning the 2023 Cotton Bowl Classic. Description: Commends the Tulane University Green Wave football team on winning the 2023 Cotton Bowl Classic
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the month of June as Sanctity of Preborn Life Month. Description: Recognizes the month of June as Sanctity of Preborn Life Month
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Art & Science Museum on the twentieth anniversary of its Irene W. Pennington Planetarium. Description: Commends the Louisiana Art & Science Museum on the twentieth anniversary of its Irene W. Pennington Planetarium
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends John C. Brass for his educational and civic accomplishments. Description: Commends John C. Brass for his educational and civic accomplishments
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the state Department of Education conduct a study and submit a report to the legislature relative to school lunches. Description: Requests that the state Department of Education conduct a study and submit a report to the legislature relative to school lunches
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Trinity Episcopal School Youth Legislature program. Description: Commends the Trinity Episcopal School Youth Legislature program
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Arnold Brent Alper. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Arnold Brent Alper
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the city of Denham Springs upon its designation as a Purple Heart City. Description: Commends the city of Denham Springs upon its designation as a Purple Heart City
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the city of Walker upon its designation as a Purple Heart City. Description: Commends the city of Walker upon its designation as a Purple Heart City
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Cynthia Tobey-Babineaux on the occasion of her retirement. Description: Commends Cynthia Tobey-Babineaux on the occasion of her retirement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Coach M.L. Woodruff on his induction into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame. Description: Commends Coach M.L. Woodruff on his induction into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Amy Sins for receiving the Greater New Orleans Champions of Service Award for Volunteer Louisiana. Description: Commends Amy Sins for receiving the Greater New Orleans Champions of Service Award for Volunteer Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Serve Louisiana for its dedicated service to the state of Louisiana. Description: Commends Serve Louisiana for its dedicated service to the state of Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 2, 2023, as Main Street Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 2, 2023, as Main Street Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2023 Sicilian Heritage Festival in Independence, Louisiana, and its royal court on the occasion of the fifteenth anniversary of the festival. Description: Commends the 2023 Sicilian Heritage Festival in Independence, Louisiana, and its royal court on the occasion of the fifteenth anniversary of the festival
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Assisted Living Association and recognizes April 25, 2023, as Assisted Living Day. Description: Commends the Louisiana Assisted Living Association and recognizes April 25, 2023, as Assisted Living Day
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the organizers, volunteers, and royal court of the 2023 Italian Festival in Tickfaw, Louisiana. Description: Commends the organizers, volunteers, and royal court of the 2023 Italian Festival in Tickfaw, Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Nursery and Landscape Association for its "Plants Make a Difference" campaign. Description: Commends the Louisiana Nursery and Landscape Association for its "Plants Make a Difference" campaign
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Many High School football team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2022 Division III state championship. Description: Commends the Many High School football team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2022 Division III state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Carry The Load on the occasion of the organization's twelfth anniversary. Description: Commends Carry The Load on the occasion of the organization's twelfth anniversary
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Oak Hill High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division V state championship. Description: Commends the Oak Hill High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division V state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends The Elephant 6 Collective for its contributions to music and the music industry. Description: Commends The Elephant 6 Collective for its contributions to music and the music industry
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Richard Murphy Sapp. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Richard Murphy Sapp
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Grambling State University Tiger Pride Cheer Team on winning the 2023 Co-Ed Cheer National Championship in Orlando, Florida. Description: Commends the Grambling State University Tiger Pride Cheer Team on winning the 2023 Co-Ed Cheer National Championship in Orlando, Florida
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Kenneth Louis Odinet, Sr.. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House of Representatives on the death of Kenneth Louis Odinet, Sr.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to enact a trade policy that supports United States businesses and workers while penalizing global polluters. Description: Memorializes Congress to enact a trade policy that supports United States businesses and workers while penalizing global polluters
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Corporal Scotty Canezaro. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Corporal Scotty Canezaro
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Mr. Antavion "Tay" Moore for being the recipient of the 2023 Truman Scholarship award. Description: Commends and congratulates Mr. Antavion "Tay" Moore for being the recipient of the 2023 Truman Scholarship award
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana State University Center for Energy Studies for forty years of service. Description: Commends the Louisiana State University Center for Energy Studies for forty years of service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Thursday, May 4, 2023, as FFA day at the state capitol and commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association. Description: Designates Thursday, May 4, 2023, as FFA day at the state capitol and commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Jack Marshall Scoggins. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Jack Marshall Scoggins
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 20, 2023, as Louisiana Music Advocacy Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 20, 2023, as Louisiana Music Advocacy Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 23 through 29, 2023, as National Crime Victims' Rights Week. Description: Recognizes April 23 through 29, 2023, as National Crime Victims' Rights Week
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 18, 2023, as Louisiana Oncology Society Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 18, 2023, as Louisiana Oncology Society Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Sergeant David J. Poirrier. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Sergeant David J. Poirrier
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Allen "Rusty" Cassidy on being named the Louisiana Pharmacists Association 2022 Pharmacist of the Year. Description: Commends Allen "Rusty" Cassidy on being named the Louisiana Pharmacists Association 2022 Pharmacist of the Year
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes June 27, 2023, as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day. Description: Recognizes June 27, 2023, as Post-Traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Home Care Association and recognizes May 2, 2023, as Home Care Day. Description: Commends the Louisiana Home Care Association and recognizes May 2, 2023, as Home Care Day
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 4, 2023, as Zeta Phi Beta Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 4, 2023, as Zeta Phi Beta Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Wilbert Jones for dedicating fifty years as a member of the J. B. Cade Chapter of the Association of the United States Army. Description: Commends Wilbert Jones for dedicating fifty years as a member of the J. B. Cade Chapter of the Association of the United States Army
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 20, 2023, as Junior League Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 20, 2023, as Junior League Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Ronald Perkins on the occasion of his twentieth anniversary as pastor of Greater Zion Mission Baptist Church. Description: Commends Reverend Ronald Perkins on the occasion of his twentieth anniversary as pastor of Greater Zion Mission Baptist Church
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Hathaway High School Lady Hornets basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division V state championship. Description: Commends the Hathaway High School Lady Hornets basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division V state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kaydence Bradford on her selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Kaydence Bradford on her selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Canaan Hoosier on his selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Canaan Hoosier on his selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lindsay McKinney on her selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Lindsay McKinney on her selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Nicholas Tarver on his selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Nicholas Tarver on his selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kelsie Tillage on her selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Kelsie Tillage on her selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Vivienne Webb on her selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero. Description: Commends Vivienne Webb on her selection as a 2023 Louisiana Public Broadcasting Young Hero
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Northwood High School Gators basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the Northwood High School Gators basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division IV state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 24, 2023, as Louisiana Occupational Therapy Association Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 24, 2023, as Louisiana Occupational Therapy Association Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jennings High School head football coach, Rusty Phelps, on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Jennings High School head football coach, Rusty Phelps, on the occasion of his retirement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 24, 2023 as Coastal Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 24, 2023 as Coastal Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Oak Grove High School football team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2022 Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the Oak Grove High School football team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2022 Division IV state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Posthumously commends Glenn Henri Daigle for his military service. Description: Posthumously commends Glenn Henri Daigle for his military service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests Louisiana state agencies to prioritize native plant species in landscaping state properties, except for invasive plant species listed on the Louisiana Wildlife Action Plan. Description: Urges and requests Louisiana state agencies to prioritize native plant species in landscaping state properties, except for invasive plant species listed on the Louisiana Wildlife Action Plan
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Bernadine Elder Gibson. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Bernadine Elder Gibson
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 18, 2023, as Community Provider Association Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 18, 2023, as Community Provider Association Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Lutcher High School girls' powerlifting team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division II state championship. Description: Commends the Lutcher High School girls' powerlifting team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division II state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a subcommittee to study mental health issues in this state. Description: Creates a subcommittee to study mental health issues in this state
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Darrell Steve Guillory. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Darrell Steve Guillory
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Welcomes the president of the National Assembly of Cte d'lvoire, Adama Bictogo, and his delegation to Louisiana. Description: Welcomes the president of the National Assembly of Cte d'lvoire, Adama Bictogo, and his delegation to Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Gene Stewart for his accomplishments. Description: Commends Gene Stewart for his accomplishments
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study concerning the process for taxpayer appeals of property assessments at the parish level (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requests a study concerning the process for taxpayer appeals of property assessments at the parish level (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Ponchatoula High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division I state championship. Description: Commends the Ponchatoula High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division I state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Northwood High School Lady Gators basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division IV state championship. Description: Commends Northwood High School Lady Gators basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division IV state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Zwolle High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division V state championship. Description: Commends the Zwolle High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division V state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 26, 2023, as University of Louisiana System Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 26, 2023, as University of Louisiana System Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the AmeriCorps Seniors Southern University at Shreveport Foster Grandparent Volunteer Program and recognizes May 4, 2023, as AmeriCorps Seniors Foster Grandparent Volunteer Day at the state capitol. Description: Commends the AmeriCorps Seniors Southern University at Shreveport Foster Grandparent Volunteer Program and recognizes May 4, 2023, as AmeriCorps Seniors Foster Grandparent Volunteer Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. John L. Crain on the occasion of his retirement as president of Southeastern Louisiana University. Description: Commends Dr. John L. Crain on the occasion of his retirement as president of Southeastern Louisiana University
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 25, 2023, as Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 25, 2023, as Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 27, 2023, as Child Advocacy Center Day in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes April 27, 2023, as Child Advocacy Center Day in Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Francis C. Thompson on his status as the longest-serving member of the Legislature of Louisiana. Description: Commends the Honorable Francis C. Thompson on his status as the longest-serving member of the Legislature of Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to research, evaluate, and make recommendations relative to allowing the use of dogs for deer hunting on the Maurepas Swamp Wildlife Management Area. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to research, evaluate, and make recommendations relative to allowing the use of dogs for deer hunting on the Maurepas Swamp Wildlife Management Area
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Port Allen High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division III Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Port Allen High School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division III Non-Select state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Port Allen High School girls' powerlifting team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division III state championship. Description: Commends the Port Allen High School girls' powerlifting team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division III state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 4, 2023, as Rural Mental Health Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 4, 2023, as Rural Mental Health Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends V. Esther Pouncey on the occasion of her ninety-ninth birthday. Description: Commends V. Esther Pouncey on the occasion of her ninety-ninth birthday
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Ronnie Matthew LeMaire. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Ronnie Matthew LeMaire
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the city of Meylan, France, on the occasion of the thirty-seventh anniversary of its twinning with its sister city of Gonzales, Louisiana. Description: Commends the city of Meylan, France, on the occasion of the thirty-seventh anniversary of its twinning with its sister city of Gonzales, Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Wellborn Jack, Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Wellborn Jack, Jr.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the month of May 2023 as Motorcycle Safety Awareness Month and commends the American Bikers Active Towards Education of Louisiana, Inc.. Description: Designates the month of May 2023 as Motorcycle Safety Awareness Month and commends the American Bikers Active Towards Education of Louisiana, Inc.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2023 royal court of the Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff's Rodeo. Description: Commends the 2023 royal court of the Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff's Rodeo
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Pastor William L. Nash on the occasion of his fiftieth pastoral anniversary. Description: Commends Pastor William L. Nash on the occasion of his fiftieth pastoral anniversary
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Donald "Don" Ashton Ewing. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Donald "Don" Ashton Ewing
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 17, 2023, as Diffuse Midline Glioma/Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DMG/DIPG) Awareness Day in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes May 17, 2023, as Diffuse Midline Glioma/Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DMG/DIPG) Awareness Day in Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the St. Thomas Aquinas High School girls' cross country team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2022 Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the St. Thomas Aquinas High School girls' cross country team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2022 Division IV state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends WDSU News Chief Meteorologist Margaret Orr on being recognized by WeatheRate, Inc., as the most accurate weather forecaster in Louisiana for ten consecutive years. Description: Commends WDSU News Chief Meteorologist Margaret Orr on being recognized by WeatheRate, Inc., as the most accurate weather forecaster in Louisiana for ten consecutive years
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the legislative auditor to perform an audit or evaluation of assistance programs to identify areas for improved coordination of efforts. Description: Requests the legislative auditor to perform an audit or evaluation of assistance programs to identify areas for improved coordination of efforts
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Board of Regents conduct a study relative to the state's articulation and transfer process with respect to high school students who complete career and technical education courses and earn industry-based credentials. Description: Requests that the Board of Regents conduct a study relative to the state's articulation and transfer process with respect to high school students who complete career and technical education courses and earn industry-based credentials
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Alice Mae Dupuy on her one hundred second birthday. Description: Commends Alice Mae Dupuy on her one hundred second birthday
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Wossman High School Lady Wildcats basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division II Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Wossman High School Lady Wildcats basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division II Non-Select state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study the feasibility of funding a remote monitoring program for technology-dependent children. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study the feasibility of funding a remote monitoring program for technology-dependent children
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Oakdale High School Lady Warriors basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division IV Non-Select state championship. Description: Commends the Oakdale High School Lady Warriors basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division IV Non-Select state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 3, 2023, as Literacy Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 3, 2023, as Literacy Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 4, 2023, as Phi Beta Sigma Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 4, 2023, as Phi Beta Sigma Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Odyssey House Louisiana for its mission, growth, and impact over fifty years of treating individuals with chronic addictions. Description: Commends Odyssey House Louisiana for its mission, growth, and impact over fifty years of treating individuals with chronic addictions
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 1-7, 2023, as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week. Description: Designates May 1-7, 2023, as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Lula Ruth Vinson. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Lula Ruth Vinson
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends William S. Wainwright, Ph.D., for his service to Northshore Technical Community College and the Louisiana Community and Technical College System. Description: Commends William S. Wainwright, Ph.D., for his service to Northshore Technical Community College and the Louisiana Community and Technical College System
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 10, 2023, as Arc Appreciation Day at the state capitol and commends the twenty-two affiliated local chapters of The Arc of Louisiana for their dedication to individuals with disabilities and their families over the last sixty-nine years. Description: Recognizes May 10, 2023, as Arc Appreciation Day at the state capitol and commends the twenty-two affiliated local chapters of The Arc of Louisiana for their dedication to individuals with disabilities and their families over the last sixty-nine years
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends North Central High School for the academic and athletic achievements of its students. Description: Commends North Central High School for the academic and athletic achievements of its students
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Monday, May 8, 2023, as Louisiana Renewable Energy Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates Monday, May 8, 2023, as Louisiana Renewable Energy Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 8-12, 2023, as Louisiana Charter Schools Week at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 8-12, 2023, as Louisiana Charter Schools Week at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the coaches and players on the Cardinals American Legion baseball team from Kenner, Louisiana, on their achievements. Description: Commends the coaches and players on the Cardinals American Legion baseball team from Kenner, Louisiana, on their achievements
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 9, 2023, as Acadiana Red and White Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 9, 2023, as Acadiana Red and White Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Kaplan High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division III state championship. Description: Commends the Kaplan High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division III state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 8-12, 2023, as Teacher Appreciation Week and Teacher Appreciation Fest in Louisiana House District No. 87. Description: Recognizes May 8-12, 2023, as Teacher Appreciation Week and Teacher Appreciation Fest in Louisiana House District No. 87
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2023 participants of the Youth Legislature program. Description: Commends the 2023 participants of the Youth Legislature program
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 16, 2023, as Plaquemines Parish Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 16, 2023, as Plaquemines Parish Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Fletter Cox Taylor for her service to Red River Parish. Description: Commends Fletter Cox Taylor for her service to Red River Parish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study and take measures to relieve traffic congestion on Louisiana Highway 16 at Live Oak High School. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study and take measures to relieve traffic congestion on Louisiana Highway 16 at Live Oak High School
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Tuesday, May 9, 2023, as Louisiana Chemical Industry Day. Description: Designates Tuesday, May 9, 2023, as Louisiana Chemical Industry Day
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study public health outcomes related to the criminalization of HIV. Description: Creates a task force to study public health outcomes related to the criminalization of HIV
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a commission to study the crime of communicating false information of a planned bombing on school property, at a school-sponsored function, or in a firearm-free zone when the offender is a juvenile. Description: Creates a commission to study the crime of communicating false information of a planned bombing on school property, at a school-sponsored function, or in a firearm-free zone when the offender is a juvenile
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 10, 2023, as the thirty-ninth annual Red and White Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 10, 2023, as the thirty-ninth annual Red and White Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers. Description: Commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Deputy Brett Savant of the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office on being named 2023 Deputy of the Year by the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association. Description: Commends Deputy Brett Savant of the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office on being named 2023 Deputy of the Year by the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Deputy Christopher Hogan of the West Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office on receipt of the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association's 2023 Deputy Valor Award. Description: Commends Deputy Christopher Hogan of the West Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office on receipt of the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association's 2023 Deputy Valor Award
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lavaille Lavette on her many accomplishments. Description: Commends Lavaille Lavette on her many accomplishments
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Janice Rae Anderson Williams. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Janice Rae Anderson Williams
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Acadia Parish Assessor James J. "Jimbo" Petitjean on being named the 2023 Assessor of the Year at the ninetieth annual assessor's conference. Description: Commends Acadia Parish Assessor James J. "Jimbo" Petitjean on being named the 2023 Assessor of the Year at the ninetieth annual assessor's conference
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Rosepine High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division III state championship. Description: Commends the Rosepine High School girls' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division III state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Sergeant Nicholas Pepper of the Lafourche Parish Sheriff's Office. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Sergeant Nicholas Pepper of the Lafourche Parish Sheriff's Office
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 2023 as Ehlers-Danlos Syndromes Awareness Month. Description: Recognizes May 2023 as Ehlers-Danlos Syndromes Awareness Month
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Billy Lewis on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Billy Lewis on the occasion of his retirement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the citizens of Louisiana to practice proper state flag etiquette. Description: Requests the citizens of Louisiana to practice proper state flag etiquette
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kasia Trepagnier for her accomplishments. Description: Commends Kasia Trepagnier for her accomplishments
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends John McNally on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Description: Commends John McNally on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of the House Chamber. Description: Provides relative to the use of the House Chamber
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. William James Gillespie on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Dr. William James Gillespie on the occasion of his retirement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends For His Temple Family Foods for its farm-to-table efforts in preparing and serving locally sourced foods and for promoting a family-style approach to healthy eating in northeast Louisiana. Description: Commends For His Temple Family Foods for its farm-to-table efforts in preparing and serving locally sourced foods and for promoting a family-style approach to healthy eating in northeast Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sister Ammie McCrainey Isaac on the occasion of her ninetieth birthday. Description: Commends Sister Ammie McCrainey Isaac on the occasion of her ninetieth birthday
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Leslie Sisco Wise on her induction as the first female president of the Louisiana Orthopaedic Association. Description: Commends Dr. Leslie Sisco Wise on her induction as the first female president of the Louisiana Orthopaedic Association
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health to amend its administrative rule relative to the geographic location of a hospice provider. Description: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health to amend its administrative rule relative to the geographic location of a hospice provider
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 15, 2023, as Southern University Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 15, 2023, as Southern University Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Jim Harris. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Jim Harris
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a study group to study the barriers to deploying broadband across public and private property. Description: Creates a study group to study the barriers to deploying broadband across public and private property
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Vida Rochelle Blue, Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Vida Rochelle Blue, Jr.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and expresses appreciation to the Honorable Randal L. Gaines and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to St. Charles and St. John the Baptist Parishes and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends and expresses appreciation to the Honorable Randal L. Gaines and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to St. Charles and St. John the Baptist Parishes and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and expresses appreciation to the Honorable Kenny R. Cox and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to DeSoto, Natchitoches, and Red River Parishes and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends and expresses appreciation to the Honorable Kenny R. Cox and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to DeSoto, Natchitoches, and Red River Parishes and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 17, 2023, as Bankers Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 17, 2023, as Bankers Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bryson "Cupid" Bernard, creator of the "Cupid Shuffle". Description: Commends Bryson "Cupid" Bernard, creator of the "Cupid Shuffle"
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Isidore Newman School speech and debate team on being named the Louisiana High School Speech League 2023 state champions. Description: Commends the Isidore Newman School speech and debate team on being named the Louisiana High School Speech League 2023 state champions
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 21-27, 2023, as Emergency Medical Services Week. Description: Designates May 21-27, 2023, as Emergency Medical Services Week
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 18, 2023, as Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 18, 2023, as Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the legislative auditor to evaluate the oversight and management of the Office of Group Benefits' contracts with pharmacy benefit managers to provide pharmacy benefits for state employees and retirees (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requests the legislative auditor to evaluate the oversight and management of the Office of Group Benefits' contracts with pharmacy benefit managers to provide pharmacy benefits for state employees and retirees (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the effects of the Justice Reinvestment Initiative and the rise of violent crime in Louisiana. Description: Creates a task force to study the effects of the Justice Reinvestment Initiative and the rise of violent crime in Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the legislative auditor to provide information relative to Department of Transportation projects included in the Capital Outlay Act. Description: Requests the legislative auditor to provide information relative to Department of Transportation projects included in the Capital Outlay Act
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Ronnie Evans for his civic and community service. Description: Commends Reverend Ronnie Evans for his civic and community service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Breka Peoples for her community service. Description: Commends Breka Peoples for her community service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Vincent J. Pierre and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Lafayette Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Vincent J. Pierre and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Lafayette Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the La. Dept. of Health to report statistics on abuse and neglect in certain Medicaid programs. Description: Directs the La. Dept. of Health to report statistics on abuse and neglect in certain Medicaid programs
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the educational programs in the prisons and jails of this state. Description: Creates a task force to study the educational programs in the prisons and jails of this state
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jacob Sam Eaves on his acceptance to the United States Naval Academy. Description: Commends Jacob Sam Eaves on his acceptance to the United States Naval Academy
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jessica Mallindine with the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management for her diligent work to help restore Louisiana's coast. Description: Commends Jessica Mallindine with the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management for her diligent work to help restore Louisiana's coast
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests Louisiana State Police to increase patrols on Interstate 10 between Slidell and New Orleans. Description: Requests Louisiana State Police to increase patrols on Interstate 10 between Slidell and New Orleans
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable David Matlock, chief judge of the Juvenile Court for Caddo Parish, on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends the Honorable David Matlock, chief judge of the Juvenile Court for Caddo Parish, on the occasion of his retirement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism to study and make recommendations relative to repairs needed at the Pentagon Barracks. Description: Requests the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism to study and make recommendations relative to repairs needed at the Pentagon Barracks
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Patrick O. Jefferson and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Bienville, Claiborne, and Lincoln parishes and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Patrick O. Jefferson and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Bienville, Claiborne, and Lincoln parishes and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Alan Seabaugh and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Caddo Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Alan Seabaugh and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Caddo Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests Governor Edwards to be prepared to send Louisiana National Guard Troops to the Texas border. Description: Requests Governor Edwards to be prepared to send Louisiana National Guard Troops to the Texas border
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 31, 2023, as Louisiana AAHOA Members Appreciation Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 31, 2023, as Louisiana AAHOA Members Appreciation Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires a chairman to disclose certain information to the Speaker of the House when scheduling interim meetings under specified circumstances. Description: Requires a chairman to disclose certain information to the Speaker of the House when scheduling interim meetings under specified circumstances
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the members and volunteers of the 2023 Concerned Women for America of Louisiana's Encourage-A-Legislator Project. Description: Commends the members and volunteers of the 2023 Concerned Women for America of Louisiana's Encourage-A-Legislator Project
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Iowa High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division II state championship. Description: Commends the Iowa High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division II state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Lance Harris and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Rapides Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Lance Harris and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Rapides Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Barry Ivey and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to East Baton Rouge Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Barry Ivey and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to East Baton Rouge Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education, in consultation with the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education, to study pathways to the teaching profession. Description: Requests the state Department of Education, in consultation with the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education, to study pathways to the teaching profession
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 21-28, 2023, as Police Week in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes May 21-28, 2023, as Police Week in Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the state Department of Education revise the proposed early learning and development standards and submit its version to the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education for consideration. Description: Requests that the state Department of Education revise the proposed early learning and development standards and submit its version to the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education for consideration
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 30, 2023, as Louisiana Athletic Trainers Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 30, 2023, as Louisiana Athletic Trainers Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the House Committee on the Administration of Criminal Justice to study sentencing transparency. Description: Requests the House Committee on the Administration of Criminal Justice to study sentencing transparency
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes June 19, 2023, as Juneteenth Day in Opelousas. Description: Recognizes June 19, 2023, as Juneteenth Day in Opelousas
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recreates the Safe Alternatives to Segregation Task Force. Description: Recreates the Safe Alternatives to Segregation Task Force
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests electric utility companies to collaborate with livestock producers to allow for the repurposing of utility poles replaced during resiliency investments. Description: Requests electric utility companies to collaborate with livestock producers to allow for the repurposing of utility poles replaced during resiliency investments
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness to study the process for entering emergency requests in the WebEOC during declared emergencies. Description: Requests the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness to study the process for entering emergency requests in the WebEOC during declared emergencies
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the state Department of Education conduct a survey relative to recess at charter schools. Description: Requests that the state Department of Education conduct a survey relative to recess at charter schools
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to form a group to study alternative tools to inform reimbursement rates for intermediate care facilities. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to form a group to study alternative tools to inform reimbursement rates for intermediate care facilities
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a subcommittee to study the effectiveness of sickle cell healthcare treatment practices in this state. Description: Creates a subcommittee to study the effectiveness of sickle cell healthcare treatment practices in this state
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the United States Congress to pass bipartisan legislation allowing for tax exclusion of amounts received from state-based catastrophe loss mitigation programs (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Memorializes the United States Congress to pass bipartisan legislation allowing for tax exclusion of amounts received from state-based catastrophe loss mitigation programs (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the LMA to study the payment of expenses incurred in the disposition of deceased paupers by the coroners in certain parishes and municipalities. Description: Requests the LMA to study the payment of expenses incurred in the disposition of deceased paupers by the coroners in certain parishes and municipalities
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Clerks' Remote Access Authority to provide information regarding integrated e-filing and case management. Description: Requests the Louisiana Clerks' Remote Access Authority to provide information regarding integrated e-filing and case management
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the students and faculty of St. Tammany Parish School System for achieving first overall in the Louisiana Governor's Games 26th Annual Elementary State Championship Fitness Meet. Description: Commends the students and faculty of St. Tammany Parish School System for achieving first overall in the Louisiana Governor's Games 26th Annual Elementary State Championship Fitness Meet
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Gregory A. Miller and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to the parishes of St. Charles and St. John the Baptist and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Gregory A. Miller and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to the parishes of St. Charles and St. John the Baptist and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Mike Huval and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to the parishes of Iberia, St. Landry, and St. Martin and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Mike Huval and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to the parishes of Iberia, St. Landry, and St. Martin and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Zydeco Extravaganza and its organizers on the occasion of its thirty-fifth anniversary. Description: Commends the Zydeco Extravaganza and its organizers on the occasion of its thirty-fifth anniversary
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to form a group to study the uncompensated work of support coordination agencies in this state. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to form a group to study the uncompensated work of support coordination agencies in this state
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study and make recommendations on the impact of dollar stores on this state. Description: Creates a task force to study and make recommendations on the impact of dollar stores on this state
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Bishop Charles Henry Milton Mason Gordon. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Bishop Charles Henry Milton Mason Gordon
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the secretary of state to study the feasibility of creating and maintaining a portal on the secretary of state's website which allows citizens to identify unduly burdensome statewide regulations and to propose potential alternatives. Description: Requests the secretary of state to study the feasibility of creating and maintaining a portal on the secretary of state's website which allows citizens to identify unduly burdensome statewide regulations and to propose potential alternatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University Laboratory School on being named a 2022 National Blue Ribbon School. Description: Commends Louisiana State University Laboratory School on being named a 2022 National Blue Ribbon School
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes June 18-25, 2023, as Amateur Radio Week in the state of Louisiana. Description: Recognizes June 18-25, 2023, as Amateur Radio Week in the state of Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Dept. of Education and the La. Workforce Commission to study the feasibility of establishing a program to incentivize businesses to work in partnership with high schools to offer job training and internship programs for students. Description: Urges and requests the Dept. of Education and the La. Workforce Commission to study the feasibility of establishing a program to incentivize businesses to work in partnership with high schools to offer job training and internship programs for students
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to implement a digital platform to facilitate access to behavioral health services for certain conditions. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to implement a digital platform to facilitate access to behavioral health services for certain conditions
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Raymond E. Garofalo and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to the parishes of Orleans, Plaquemines, and St. Bernard and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Raymond E. Garofalo and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to the parishes of Orleans, Plaquemines, and St. Bernard and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Valarie Hodges and expresses enduring gratitude for her outstanding contributions to the parishes of East Baton Rouge and Livingston and the state of Louisiana, particularly during her tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Valarie Hodges and expresses enduring gratitude for her outstanding contributions to the parishes of East Baton Rouge and Livingston and the state of Louisiana, particularly during her tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Paul Hollis and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to St. Tammany Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Paul Hollis and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to St. Tammany Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Sherman Q. Mack and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Livingston Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Sherman Q. Mack and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Livingston Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Deacon Lonnie Ray Caldwell for his commitment to selfless service. Description: Commends Deacon Lonnie Ray Caldwell for his commitment to selfless service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development increase the size of signage honoring veterans on the Veterans Memorial Bridge. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development increase the size of signage honoring veterans on the Veterans Memorial Bridge
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Teruis "Juvenile" Gray for his musical and cultural contributions. Description: Commends Teruis "Juvenile" Gray for his musical and cultural contributions
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Theodore "Ted" Alexander Castillo. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Theodore "Ted" Alexander Castillo
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Alfonzo and Troy Bolden for their entrepreneurship. Description: Commends Alfonzo and Troy Bolden for their entrepreneurship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the E.D. White Catholic High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Select Division II state championship. Description: Commends the E.D. White Catholic High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Select Division II state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kids Join the Fight for its efforts to defeat pediatric cancer. Description: Commends Kids Join the Fight for its efforts to defeat pediatric cancer
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the United States Environmental Protection Agency to timely grant the state of Louisiana's application for primacy in the administration of Class VI injection well permitting. Description: Memorializes the United States Environmental Protection Agency to timely grant the state of Louisiana's application for primacy in the administration of Class VI injection well permitting
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses support for designating a Purple Heart Trail in the city of Denham Springs. Description: Expresses support for designating a Purple Heart Trail in the city of Denham Springs
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dennis "Maliq" Barnes on his record-setting college scholarship awards and extraordinary achievements. Description: Commends Dennis "Maliq" Barnes on his record-setting college scholarship awards and extraordinary achievements
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Justin Reid Ehrenwerth and posthumously commends his contributions to Louisiana and the Gulf Coast. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Justin Reid Ehrenwerth and posthumously commends his contributions to Louisiana and the Gulf Coast
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Doug Warner for his accomplishments in broadcast journalism on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Doug Warner for his accomplishments in broadcast journalism on the occasion of his retirement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Academy of the Sacred Heart golf team for an outstanding season. Description: Commends Academy of the Sacred Heart golf team for an outstanding season
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that payment for lodging, meals, or incidental expenses for state public officials and employees not exceed the amounts for such expenses established by the United States General Services Administration. Description: Requests that payment for lodging, meals, or incidental expenses for state public officials and employees not exceed the amounts for such expenses established by the United States General Services Administration
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Reverend Dr. Altorio R. Holden, Sr.. Description: Commends the Reverend Dr. Altorio R. Holden, Sr.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study regarding taxation of vapor products. Description: Requests a study regarding taxation of vapor products
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Hammond city marshal, Pat Farris, for his law enforcement service. Description: Commends Hammond city marshal, Pat Farris, for his law enforcement service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the U.S. Congress to assist with a La. pilot program for the recruitment of new members to the U.S. Army. Description: Memorializes the U.S. Congress to assist with a La. pilot program for the recruitment of new members to the U.S. Army
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Buckeye High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Select Division II state championship. Description: Commends the Buckeye High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Select Division II state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Timothy Raymond Lloyd on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Description: Commends Timothy Raymond Lloyd on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dennis J. Naquin upon his retirement from the St. Charles Parish School Board.. Description: Commends Dennis J. Naquin upon his retirement from the St. Charles Parish School Board.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Stuart J. Bishop and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Lafayette Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Stuart J. Bishop and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to Lafayette Parish and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends The Cajun Catfish House on the celebration of its fiftieth year of business. Description: Commends The Cajun Catfish House on the celebration of its fiftieth year of business
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Peabody Magnet High School and the graduating classes from 1970 to 1979. Description: Commends Peabody Magnet High School and the graduating classes from 1970 to 1979
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 1, 2023, as Knock Knock Children's Museum Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates June 1, 2023, as Knock Knock Children's Museum Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Terrance Lewis. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Terrance Lewis
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Oak Grove High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the Oak Grove High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division IV state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to form a group to study alternative tools to inform reimbursement rates for outpatient behavioral health services. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to form a group to study alternative tools to inform reimbursement rates for outpatient behavioral health services
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Clay Schexnayder and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to the parishes of Ascension, Livingston, St. James, and St. John the Baptist and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member and speaker of the Louisiana House of Representatives. Description: Commends the Honorable Clay Schexnayder and expresses enduring gratitude for his outstanding contributions to the parishes of Ascension, Livingston, St. James, and St. John the Baptist and the state of Louisiana, particularly during his tenure as a distinguished member and speaker of the Louisiana House of Representatives
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Deborah "Lady Bug" Landry for her community service. Description: Commends Deborah "Lady Bug" Landry for her community service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 5, 2023, as Louisiana Unclaimed Property Day in recognition of the fiftieth anniversary of Louisiana's unclaimed property program. Description: Designates June 5, 2023, as Louisiana Unclaimed Property Day in recognition of the fiftieth anniversary of Louisiana's unclaimed property program
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses support for designating a Crawfish Capital Expressway in the city of Breaux Bridge. Description: Expresses support for designating a Crawfish Capital Expressway in the city of Breaux Bridge
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends John Mamoulides for his years of public service. Description: Commends John Mamoulides for his years of public service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of the House Chamber. Description: Provides relative to the use of the House Chamber
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes June 6, 2023, as Habitat for Humanity Day in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes June 6, 2023, as Habitat for Humanity Day in Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education, in collaboration with the state Department of Education, to develop a policy relative to the issuance of posthumous high school diplomas to deceased high school students. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education, in collaboration with the state Department of Education, to develop a policy relative to the issuance of posthumous high school diplomas to deceased high school students
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Joseph E. Peychaud, Jr., on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Joseph E. Peychaud, Jr., on the occasion of his retirement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Cory Stewart for his service to the Louisiana legislature. Description: Commends Cory Stewart for his service to the Louisiana legislature
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Justin Reid Ehrenwerth.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Justin Reid Ehrenwerth.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to collaborate with local stakeholders to identify solutions for the regulation of airboats on Bayou Liberty. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to collaborate with local stakeholders to identify solutions for the regulation of airboats on Bayou Liberty
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the House Committee on Civil Law and Procedure to study certain procedures relative to venue. Description: Requests the House Committee on Civil Law and Procedure to study certain procedures relative to venue
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the state Department of Education conduct a study relative to the screening and identification of students with respect to dyslexia. Description: Requests that the state Department of Education conduct a study relative to the screening and identification of students with respect to dyslexia
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests certain state departments to create a task force to study the availability and possible expansion of seats for adolescents in psychiatric treatment facilities across southeast Louisiana. Description: Requests certain state departments to create a task force to study the availability and possible expansion of seats for adolescents in psychiatric treatment facilities across southeast Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mason Mackie for his outstanding academic and athletic achievements and commitment to community service. Description: Commends Mason Mackie for his outstanding academic and athletic achievements and commitment to community service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Reverend Dr. Ernest Marcelle, Jr., for his lifetime of civic and community service. Description: Commends the Reverend Dr. Ernest Marcelle, Jr., for his lifetime of civic and community service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Taylor Sims, reigning Miss North Louisiana, on her receipt of the 2023 Miss Louisiana USA's People's Choice Award. Description: Commends Taylor Sims, reigning Miss North Louisiana, on her receipt of the 2023 Miss Louisiana USA's People's Choice Award
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a subcommittee of the House of Representatives to study the makeup of the state's current music industry ecosystem and economic impact on the state. Description: Creates a subcommittee of the House of Representatives to study the makeup of the state's current music industry ecosystem and economic impact on the state
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Master Sergeant Cedric E. Phelps on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Master Sergeant Cedric E. Phelps on the occasion of his retirement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the office of motor vehicles, the Louisiana State Police, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and the Safety Management Council to work together regarding consistency of regulations enforced and followed by commercial motor vehicle companies within Louisiana. Description: Urges and requests the office of motor vehicles, the Louisiana State Police, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and the Safety Management Council to work together regarding consistency of regulations enforced and followed by commercial motor vehicle companies within Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study and identify opportunities for increasing the availability of prescription nonopioid medications. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study and identify opportunities for increasing the availability of prescription nonopioid medications
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on Juvenile Offender Policies. Description: Creates the Task Force on Juvenile Offender Policies
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Loyola University New Orleans for its history of academic excellence on the historic appointment of Dr. Xavier Cole as its president. Description: Commends Loyola University New Orleans for its history of academic excellence on the historic appointment of Dr. Xavier Cole as its president
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study and promulgate additional rules for single broker NEMT services relative to compliance and oversight. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study and promulgate additional rules for single broker NEMT services relative to compliance and oversight
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to amend the state Medicaid plan to extend pregnancy coverage. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to amend the state Medicaid plan to extend pregnancy coverage
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Baton Rouge Astronomical Society on hosting the 2023 Astronomical League Convention. Description: Commends the Baton Rouge Astronomical Society on hosting the 2023 Astronomical League Convention
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Transportation and Security Administration of the United States to have discussions with the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to develop guidelines and procedures for TWIC cards for certain individuals. Description: Requests the Transportation and Security Administration of the United States to have discussions with the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to develop guidelines and procedures for TWIC cards for certain individuals
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Joseph Thompson. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Joseph Thompson
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Corporal Shawn Kelly of the Denham Springs Police Department. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Corporal Shawn Kelly of the Denham Springs Police Department
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jaylen Pruiett on being named a 2023 Gates Scholar. Description: Commends Jaylen Pruiett on being named a 2023 Gates Scholar
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Tulio R. Murillo and posthumously commends his contributions to the city of Kenner. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Tulio R. Murillo and posthumously commends his contributions to the city of Kenner
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends David Arnold "Dee-1" Augustine, Jr., for his accomplishments as an educator, musician, activist, influencer, and entrepreneur. Description: Commends David Arnold "Dee-1" Augustine, Jr., for his accomplishments as an educator, musician, activist, influencer, and entrepreneur
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Master Sergeant Nordyica N. Woodfork on the occasion of her retirement. Description: Commends Master Sergeant Nordyica N. Woodfork on the occasion of her retirement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Earl Guilbeau. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Earl Guilbeau
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Harold J. Smith on the honor of having a street in Kentwood named the Harold J. Smith Thruway. Description: Commends Harold J. Smith on the honor of having a street in Kentwood named the Harold J. Smith Thruway
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Delgado Community College baseball team for an outstanding 2023 season. Description: Commends the Delgado Community College baseball team for an outstanding 2023 season
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Jerome Cox for his community service and entrepreneurship. Description: Commends Dr. Jerome Cox for his community service and entrepreneurship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Natchitoches Mayor Ronnie Williams, Jr., for his civil service. Description: Commends Natchitoches Mayor Ronnie Williams, Jr., for his civil service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Martha Archinard. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Martha Archinard
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to review Medicaid prior authorization criteria for L-glutamine which is used to treat acute complications caused by sickle cell disease. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to review Medicaid prior authorization criteria for L-glutamine which is used to treat acute complications caused by sickle cell disease
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to evaluate all potential areas in the upper Amite River Basin on potential to detain or retain stormwater runoff through a system of structures. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to evaluate all potential areas in the upper Amite River Basin on potential to detain or retain stormwater runoff through a system of structures
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the State of Israel on the seventy-fifth anniversary of the rebirth of the modern State of Israel. Description: Commends the State of Israel on the seventy-fifth anniversary of the rebirth of the modern State of Israel
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Gloria Jean Willis Walker. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Gloria Jean Willis Walker
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests BESE to recognize and include increased funding, as provided in House Bill No. 1 of the 2023 Regular Session, when developing and adopting a minimum foundation program formula for the 2024-2025 Fiscal Year and in future years. Description: Requests BESE to recognize and include increased funding, as provided in House Bill No. 1 of the 2023 Regular Session, when developing and adopting a minimum foundation program formula for the 2024-2025 Fiscal Year and in future years
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Coach Barry Rubin on his outstanding accomplishments and on the occasion of his retirement from the NFL.. Description: Commends Coach Barry Rubin on his outstanding accomplishments and on the occasion of his retirement from the NFL.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recreates the Task Force on Human Trafficking Arrests.. Description: Recreates the Task Force on Human Trafficking Arrests.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Protective Order Procedure and Records Task Force.. Description: Creates the Protective Order Procedure and Records Task Force.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jerry Arledge on the occasion of his retirement as West Monroe High School head football coach.. Description: Commends Jerry Arledge on the occasion of his retirement as West Monroe High School head football coach.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Alana Beard on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Alana Beard on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Paul Byrd on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Paul Byrd on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Walter Davis on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Walter Davis on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Wendell Davis on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Wendell Davis on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Matt Forte on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Matt Forte on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Walter Imahara on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Walter Imahara on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Coach Paul Mainieri on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Coach Paul Mainieri on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Eli Manning on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Eli Manning on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ron Washington on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Ron Washington on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Coach M.L. Woodruff on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Coach M.L. Woodruff on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bruce Brown upon receiving the 2023 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism and on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Bruce Brown upon receiving the 2023 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism and on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lori Lyons upon receiving the 2023 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism and on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Lori Lyons upon receiving the 2023 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism and on being inducted into the 2023 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the week of April 11-17, 2023, as Black Maternal Health Week.. Description: Designates the week of April 11-17, 2023, as Black Maternal Health Week.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 13, 2023, as 4-H Day at the Senate of the Legislature of Louisiana and commends the state 4-H officers.. Description: Designates April 13, 2023, as 4-H Day at the Senate of the Legislature of Louisiana and commends the state 4-H officers.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 4, 2023, as Future Farmers of America (FFA) Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and commends the officers of the Louisiana FFA Association.. Description: Designates May 4, 2023, as Future Farmers of America (FFA) Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and commends the officers of the Louisiana FFA Association.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Tuesday, April 18, 2023, as Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Day at the capitol.. Description: Recognizes Tuesday, April 18, 2023, as Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) Day at the capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the passing of Russel Wayne Conrad.. Description: Expresses condolences on the passing of Russel Wayne Conrad.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To commend AmeriCorps Seniors Southern University (SUSLA) Caddo/Bossier/DeSoto Foster Grandparent Volunteer Program for its forty-three years of exceptional service.. Description: To commend AmeriCorps Seniors Southern University (SUSLA) Caddo/Bossier/DeSoto Foster Grandparent Volunteer Program for its forty-three years of exceptional service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges the mayor and city council of Shreveport to study and make recommendations relative to a crime prevention district for the city.. Description: Urges the mayor and city council of Shreveport to study and make recommendations relative to a crime prevention district for the city.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the Southern University Lady Jaguars on being crowned the 2023 SWAC Women's Basketball Tournament Champions and being eligible for an appearance in the 2023 NCAA Women's Basketball Tournament.. Description: Commends and congratulates the Southern University Lady Jaguars on being crowned the 2023 SWAC Women's Basketball Tournament Champions and being eligible for an appearance in the 2023 NCAA Women's Basketball Tournament.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana State University at Eunice head baseball coach and athletic director Jeff Willis on being named to the National Junior College Athletic Association Coaches Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends the Louisiana State University at Eunice head baseball coach and athletic director Jeff Willis on being named to the National Junior College Athletic Association Coaches Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Marguerite "Miki" Jones on being named the grand winner of the WGNO TV, Channel 26 New Orleans Remarkable Women 2023 contest.. Description: Commends Marguerite "Miki" Jones on being named the grand winner of the WGNO TV, Channel 26 New Orleans Remarkable Women 2023 contest.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Isiah Chavis for winning the 2023 George A. Spiegelberg Award as Best Oral Advocate at the National Trial Competition.. Description: Commends Isiah Chavis for winning the 2023 George A. Spiegelberg Award as Best Oral Advocate at the National Trial Competition.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Julie Tregre Cherry. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Julie Tregre Cherry
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes those lives impacted by or lost due to COVID-19 and expresses support for the designation of the first Monday of March as COVID-19 Victims and Survivors Memorial Day.. Description: Recognizes those lives impacted by or lost due to COVID-19 and expresses support for the designation of the first Monday of March as COVID-19 Victims and Survivors Memorial Day.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations on whether a limited continuing tutorship should be established.. Description: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations on whether a limited continuing tutorship should be established.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Jack Bradford Parker.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Jack Bradford Parker.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Monday, April 24, 2023, as Coastal Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates Monday, April 24, 2023, as Coastal Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 24, 2023, as Louisiana Occupational Therapy Association Day at the state capitol.. Description: Designates April 24, 2023, as Louisiana Occupational Therapy Association Day at the state capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Welcomes the President of the National Assembly of Cote d'lvoire, Mr. Adama Bictogo, and his delegation to Louisiana.. Description: Welcomes the President of the National Assembly of Cote d'lvoire, Mr. Adama Bictogo, and his delegation to Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the Northwood High School Gators basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division IV State Championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates the Northwood High School Gators basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division IV State Championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Thursday, April 27, 2023, as Child Advocacy Center (CAC) Day in Louisiana.. Description: Designates Thursday, April 27, 2023, as Child Advocacy Center (CAC) Day in Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Port Allen High School girls' powerlifting team on winning the LHSAA 2023 Division III State Championship.. Description: Commends the Port Allen High School girls' powerlifting team on winning the LHSAA 2023 Division III State Championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Port Allen High School boys' basketball team on winning the LHSAA 2023 Division III Non-Select State Championship.. Description: Commends the Port Allen High School boys' basketball team on winning the LHSAA 2023 Division III Non-Select State Championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Randell Aaron Fletcher.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Randell Aaron Fletcher.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mr. Clarence Jones Jr. upon his 80th birthday and for being the founder and director of the Heritage Festival of Negro Spirituals.. Description: Commends Mr. Clarence Jones Jr. upon his 80th birthday and for being the founder and director of the Heritage Festival of Negro Spirituals.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Wednesday, April 26, 2023, as University of Louisiana System Day at the Capitol and commends the University of Louisiana System for its sustained contributions to the state.. Description: Designates Wednesday, April 26, 2023, as University of Louisiana System Day at the Capitol and commends the University of Louisiana System for its sustained contributions to the state.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations on legislation relative to electronic filing and records retention.. Description: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations on legislation relative to electronic filing and records retention.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes and commends the members and board of directors of the Louisiana School Boards Association.. Description: Recognizes and commends the members and board of directors of the Louisiana School Boards Association.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Tuesday, April 25, 2023, as Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes Tuesday, April 25, 2023, as Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Dr. John L. Crain, President of Southeastern Louisiana University, on the occasion of his retirement.. Description: Commends and congratulates Dr. John L. Crain, President of Southeastern Louisiana University, on the occasion of his retirement.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes, commends, and congratulates Angelina B. Narcisse on the occasion of her 100th birthday.. Description: Recognizes, commends, and congratulates Angelina B. Narcisse on the occasion of her 100th birthday.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 6, 2023, as Louisiana Firefighter's Appreciation Day and commends the firefighters of Louisiana for their dedication.. Description: Recognizes May 6, 2023, as Louisiana Firefighter's Appreciation Day and commends the firefighters of Louisiana for their dedication.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Conrell Collins Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Conrell Collins Sr.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates and recognizes Tuesday, May 2, 2023, as Main Street Day at the state capitol.. Description: Designates and recognizes Tuesday, May 2, 2023, as Main Street Day at the state capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Odyssey House Louisiana for its mission, growth, and impact over fifty years of service in treating individuals with chronic addictions.. Description: Commends Odyssey House Louisiana for its mission, growth, and impact over fifty years of service in treating individuals with chronic addictions.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Ready Louisiana Coalition and designates Monday, May 1, 2023, as Early Education Day at the state capitol.. Description: Commends the Ready Louisiana Coalition and designates Monday, May 1, 2023, as Early Education Day at the state capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to enact a trade policy that supports United States businesses and workers while penalizing global polluters.. Description: Memorializes Congress to enact a trade policy that supports United States businesses and workers while penalizing global polluters.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Reverend Thomas Anthony James, S.V.D.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Reverend Thomas Anthony James, S.V.D.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes and commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers.. Description: Recognizes and commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jennifer Steel Bourgeois for being a guardian angel to the Westbank of New Orleans.. Description: Commends Jennifer Steel Bourgeois for being a guardian angel to the Westbank of New Orleans.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 3, 2023, as Literacy Day at the state capitol.. Description: Recognizes May 3, 2023, as Literacy Day at the state capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 4, 2023, as Rural Mental Health Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates May 4, 2023, as Rural Mental Health Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Elizabeth Ann Howard Lewis on the occasion of her ninetieth birthday.. Description: Commends Elizabeth Ann Howard Lewis on the occasion of her ninetieth birthday.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences and honors the life of Rhyann Green.. Description: Expresses condolences and honors the life of Rhyann Green.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Monday, May 8, 2023, as Louisiana Renewable Energy Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Monday, May 8, 2023, as Louisiana Renewable Energy Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. William S. Wainwright on his appointment as president of Southeastern Louisiana University.. Description: Commends Dr. William S. Wainwright on his appointment as president of Southeastern Louisiana University.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Tuesday, May 9, 2023, as Acadiana Red and White Day at the state capitol.. Description: Recognizes Tuesday, May 9, 2023, as Acadiana Red and White Day at the state capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, May 10, 2023, as The Arc Appreciation Day in Louisiana.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, May 10, 2023, as The Arc Appreciation Day in Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Dr. Larry J. Lloyd for 50 years of dedicated service and devotion to the Ministry.. Description: Commends Reverend Dr. Larry J. Lloyd for 50 years of dedicated service and devotion to the Ministry.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Melinda Huff Bernard upon her retirement from the St. Charles Parish School Board.. Description: Commends Melinda Huff Bernard upon her retirement from the St. Charles Parish School Board.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, May 10, 2023, as the thirty-ninth annual Red and White Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, May 10, 2023, as the thirty-ninth annual Red and White Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Erica Spruille on becoming a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Incorporated.. Description: Commends Erica Spruille on becoming a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Incorporated.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, May 10, 2023, as National African American Insurance Association-Louisiana Chapter Day in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, May 10, 2023, as National African American Insurance Association-Louisiana Chapter Day in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Clarence H. "Sonny" Savoie upon his retirement from the St. Charles Parish School Board.. Description: Commends Clarence H. "Sonny" Savoie upon his retirement from the St. Charles Parish School Board.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Thursday, May 18, 2023, as Community Provider Association Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates Thursday, May 18, 2023, as Community Provider Association Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses full-hearted and fervent condolences upon the death of Wade Joseph Broussard Jr.. Description: Expresses full-hearted and fervent condolences upon the death of Wade Joseph Broussard Jr.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Parkview Baptist School girls' soccer team on winning the school's first state girls' soccer title.. Description: Commends and congratulates Parkview Baptist School girls' soccer team on winning the school's first state girls' soccer title.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To designate May 9, 2023, as Louisiana Chemical Industry Day.. Description: To designate May 9, 2023, as Louisiana Chemical Industry Day.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Deputy Christopher Hogan of the West Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office on being the recipient of the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association's 2023 Deputy Valor Award.. Description: Commends Deputy Christopher Hogan of the West Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office on being the recipient of the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association's 2023 Deputy Valor Award.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Lana Gilliam on her retirement after forty-eight years as a kindergarten teacher.. Description: Commends and congratulates Lana Gilliam on her retirement after forty-eight years as a kindergarten teacher.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Deputy Brett Savant of the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office on being named the 2023 Deputy of the Year by the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association.. Description: Commends Deputy Brett Savant of the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office on being named the 2023 Deputy of the Year by the Louisiana Sheriffs' Association.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends John W. "Jay" Robichaux upon his retirement from the St. Charles Parish School Board.. Description: Commends John W. "Jay" Robichaux upon his retirement from the St. Charles Parish School Board.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Thursday, May 11, 2023, as St. John the Baptist Parish Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Thursday, May 11, 2023, as St. John the Baptist Parish Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the Oakdale High School girls' basketball team on winning their division at the 2023 Ochsner LHSAA Girls' Marsh Madness Basketball State Tournament.. Description: Commends and congratulates the Oakdale High School girls' basketball team on winning their division at the 2023 Ochsner LHSAA Girls' Marsh Madness Basketball State Tournament.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and recognizes Lavaille Lavette on the release of her new book "Jayylen's Juneteenth Surprise".. Description: Commends and recognizes Lavaille Lavette on the release of her new book "Jayylen's Juneteenth Surprise".
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Wesley United Methodist Church on the 157th Anniversary of its founding.. Description: Commends Wesley United Methodist Church on the 157th Anniversary of its founding.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Year-Round Healthy Child Task Force.. Description: Creates the Year-Round Healthy Child Task Force.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dennis "Maliq" Barnes on his record-setting college scholarship award offers and extraordinary achievements.. Description: Commends Dennis "Maliq" Barnes on his record-setting college scholarship award offers and extraordinary achievements.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 15, 2023, as Southern University Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates May 15, 2023, as Southern University Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Raj Letchuman on winning the Louisiana Student of the Year award.. Description: Commends Raj Letchuman on winning the Louisiana Student of the Year award.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Declares Monday, May 15, 2023, as Ellevate Louisiana Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and recognize the mission of Ellevate Louisiana, which aims to empower women leaders across Louisiana.. Description: Declares Monday, May 15, 2023, as Ellevate Louisiana Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and recognize the mission of Ellevate Louisiana, which aims to empower women leaders across Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Will Sentell on the occasion of his retirement from a distinguished career in journalism.. Description: Commends and congratulates Will Sentell on the occasion of his retirement from a distinguished career in journalism.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ismail Esau as Minister Plenipotentiary, Deputy Chief of Mission with the Embassy of the Republic of South Africa in Washington, D.C.. Description: Commends Ismail Esau as Minister Plenipotentiary, Deputy Chief of Mission with the Embassy of the Republic of South Africa in Washington, D.C.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Louisiana's Legislative Youth Advisory Council (LYAC) on winning the Department of Homeland Security Center for Prevention Programs and Partnerships' 2023 Invent2Prevent national high school competition.. Description: Commends and congratulates Louisiana's Legislative Youth Advisory Council (LYAC) on winning the Department of Homeland Security Center for Prevention Programs and Partnerships' 2023 Invent2Prevent national high school competition.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends LandLocked Aviation Services on receiving the U.S. Small Business Administration 2023 Phoenix Award for Outstanding Small Business Disaster Recovery.. Description: Commends LandLocked Aviation Services on receiving the U.S. Small Business Administration 2023 Phoenix Award for Outstanding Small Business Disaster Recovery.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senator Sharon Hewitt for her years of distinguished public service.. Description: Commends Senator Sharon Hewitt for her years of distinguished public service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To recognize Wednesday, May 17, 2023, as Bankers Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: To recognize Wednesday, May 17, 2023, as Bankers Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Kenneth "Biggy" Johnston.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Kenneth "Biggy" Johnston.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study acute and long-term adverse health events related to medical marijuana.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study acute and long-term adverse health events related to medical marijuana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senator R.L. "Bret" Allain II for his years of distinguished public service.. Description: Commends Senator R.L. "Bret" Allain II for his years of distinguished public service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to apply for a waiver from the United States Department of Heath and Human Services to allow Medicaid reimbursement for individuals, including juveniles in detention.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to apply for a waiver from the United States Department of Heath and Human Services to allow Medicaid reimbursement for individuals, including juveniles in detention.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Christa Cotton on the launching of her El Guapo products inside The Fresh Market stores nationwide.. Description: Commends and congratulates Christa Cotton on the launching of her El Guapo products inside The Fresh Market stores nationwide.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senator Louie Bernard for his forty-four years of dedicated public service.. Description: Commends Senator Louie Bernard for his forty-four years of dedicated public service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to include monoclonal antibodies for RSV within the federal Vaccines for Children program.. Description: Urges and requests the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to include monoclonal antibodies for RSV within the federal Vaccines for Children program.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the members of the Louisiana Athletic Trainers' Association and designates Tuesday, May 30, 2023, as Louisiana Athletic Trainers Day at the state capitol.. Description: Commends the members of the Louisiana Athletic Trainers' Association and designates Tuesday, May 30, 2023, as Louisiana Athletic Trainers Day at the state capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the value and accomplishments of emergency medical services providers and designates the week of May 21 through May 27, 2023, as Emergency Medical Services Week in Louisiana.. Description: Recognizes the value and accomplishments of emergency medical services providers and designates the week of May 21 through May 27, 2023, as Emergency Medical Services Week in Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the entities that approve certain incurrence of debt, appropriation of capital outlay, or a rate adjustment to consider an applicant's compliance status with appropriate regulatory bodies and financial status with the legislative auditor as a component of their review process. (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV). Description: Urges and requests the entities that approve certain incurrence of debt, appropriation of capital outlay, or a rate adjustment to consider an applicant's compliance status with appropriate regulatory bodies and financial status with the legislative auditor as a component of their review process. (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Tuesday, May 23, 2023, as Hospital Day in Louisiana.. Description: Designates Tuesday, May 23, 2023, as Hospital Day in Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the St. Charles Catholic High School baseball team on winning the LHSAA 2023 Select Division III state championship.. Description: Commends the St. Charles Catholic High School baseball team on winning the LHSAA 2023 Select Division III state championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Monday May 22, 2023, as Louisiana Judicial Council of the National Bar Association Day at the state capitol.. Description: Designates Monday May 22, 2023, as Louisiana Judicial Council of the National Bar Association Day at the state capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senator R. Barrow Peacock for his twelve years of distinguished public service to the residents of Senate District 37.. Description: Commends Senator R. Barrow Peacock for his twelve years of distinguished public service to the residents of Senate District 37.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends The Dunham School volleyball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2022 Division III State Championship.. Description: Commends The Dunham School volleyball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2022 Division III State Championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to implement a digital platform to facilitate access to behavioral health services.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to implement a digital platform to facilitate access to behavioral health services.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to authorize coverage through the Medicaid program for portable oxygen concentrators, when medically necessary.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to authorize coverage through the Medicaid program for portable oxygen concentrators, when medically necessary.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senator J. Rogers Pope for his many years of distinguished and dedicated public service to the citizens of Livingston Parish and the people of Louisiana.. Description: Commends Senator J. Rogers Pope for his many years of distinguished and dedicated public service to the citizens of Livingston Parish and the people of Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Barbe High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Class 5A state championship.. Description: Commends the Barbe High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Class 5A state championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the Barbe High School 2023 tennis teams on being undefeated in district play.. Description: Commends and congratulates the Barbe High School 2023 tennis teams on being undefeated in district play.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Barbe High School girls golf team on defending its title at the LHSAA 2023 Division I State Girls Golf Championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates Barbe High School girls golf team on defending its title at the LHSAA 2023 Division I State Girls Golf Championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests President Joe R. Biden Jr. and United States Department of Interior Secretary Deb Haaland to immediately adopt a new five-year offshore leasing plan for the Gulf of Mexico to help reduce the cost of energy.. Description: Requests President Joe R. Biden Jr. and United States Department of Interior Secretary Deb Haaland to immediately adopt a new five-year offshore leasing plan for the Gulf of Mexico to help reduce the cost of energy.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to pass the AMERICANS Act of 2023 to reinstate any service member removed from any branch of the military for refusing the COVID-19 vaccine.. Description: Memorializes Congress to pass the AMERICANS Act of 2023 to reinstate any service member removed from any branch of the military for refusing the COVID-19 vaccine.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the week of May 21-28, 2023, as Police Week and commends the service of law enforcement officers.. Description: Designates the week of May 21-28, 2023, as Police Week and commends the service of law enforcement officers.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jessica Mallindine with the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management for her diligent work to help restore Louisiana's coast.. Description: Commends Jessica Mallindine with the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management for her diligent work to help restore Louisiana's coast.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senator Gary L. Smith Jr. for his years of distinguished public service.. Description: Commends Senator Gary L. Smith Jr. for his years of distinguished public service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes and commends Patrick Fontenot for his leadership, public service, and many years with Williams Progressive Life and Accident Insurance Company.. Description: Recognizes and commends Patrick Fontenot for his leadership, public service, and many years with Williams Progressive Life and Accident Insurance Company.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to take actions necessary to timely review and grant the state of Louisiana's application for primacy in the administration of Class VI injection well permitting.. Description: Requests the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to take actions necessary to timely review and grant the state of Louisiana's application for primacy in the administration of Class VI injection well permitting.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the graduates of the Louisiana Leadership Institute for 2023.. Description: Commends and congratulates the graduates of the Louisiana Leadership Institute for 2023.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of Walter Bertram "Bert" Hatten.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of Walter Bertram "Bert" Hatten.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable Fred H. Mills Jr. on twenty-three years of distinguished public service.. Description: Commends the Honorable Fred H. Mills Jr. on twenty-three years of distinguished public service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lou St. Amant upon the occasion of having the University of Louisiana at Monroe's baseball field renamed in his honor as "Lou St. Amant Field".. Description: Commends Lou St. Amant upon the occasion of having the University of Louisiana at Monroe's baseball field renamed in his honor as "Lou St. Amant Field".
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to study and make recommendations relative to the provision of valid state identification documents to individuals released from state custody and the inclusion of such documents on LA Wallet.. Description: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to study and make recommendations relative to the provision of valid state identification documents to individuals released from state custody and the inclusion of such documents on LA Wallet.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the passing of Maelen Charles "Choo-Choo" Brooks.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the passing of Maelen Charles "Choo-Choo" Brooks.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of George P. Evans.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of George P. Evans.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Friday, June 2, 2023, as National Gun Violence Awareness Day in Louisiana to honor and remember all victims and survivors of gun violence.. Description: Designates Friday, June 2, 2023, as National Gun Violence Awareness Day in Louisiana to honor and remember all victims and survivors of gun violence.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Orleans Parish Juvenile Services Financing District be duly appointed by their appointing authorities and thereafter organize itself and create a plan to adequately fund juvenile justice services and requests the City of New Orleans to take urgent action to implement the plan.. Description: Requests the Orleans Parish Juvenile Services Financing District be duly appointed by their appointing authorities and thereafter organize itself and create a plan to adequately fund juvenile justice services and requests the City of New Orleans to take urgent action to implement the plan.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Declares "Callin' Baton Rouge" as performed by Garth Brooks as the Official Welcome Song of the LSU Fighting Tigers football team.. Description: Declares "Callin' Baton Rouge" as performed by Garth Brooks as the Official Welcome Song of the LSU Fighting Tigers football team.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Passenger Safety Task Force to study the feasability of creating a program to provide education on child passenger safety and coordinate the distribution of child safety seats to families in need.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Passenger Safety Task Force to study the feasability of creating a program to provide education on child passenger safety and coordinate the distribution of child safety seats to families in need.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 31, 2023, as Tourism Day at the state capitol.. Description: Designates May 31, 2023, as Tourism Day at the state capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to assist in the development of a public service campaign to foster awareness and education on perinatal mental health care.. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to assist in the development of a public service campaign to foster awareness and education on perinatal mental health care.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the outstanding performance of the Lake Castle Slidell Private School Robotics Team at the 2023 International SeaPerch Challenge.. Description: Commends the outstanding performance of the Lake Castle Slidell Private School Robotics Team at the 2023 International SeaPerch Challenge.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Congratulates the students and faculty of the St. Tammany Parish School System for their placement of first-overall in the 26th Annual Governor's Games' Elementary State Championship Fitness Meet.. Description: Congratulates the students and faculty of the St. Tammany Parish School System for their placement of first-overall in the 26th Annual Governor's Games' Elementary State Championship Fitness Meet.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates St. Mary's Academy seniors Calcea Johnson and Ne'Kiya Jackson for presenting their trigonometric proof of the Pythagorean Theorem at a sectional meeting of the American Mathematical Society.. Description: Commends and congratulates St. Mary's Academy seniors Calcea Johnson and Ne'Kiya Jackson for presenting their trigonometric proof of the Pythagorean Theorem at a sectional meeting of the American Mathematical Society.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the George Washington Carver boys basketball team and coaches on winning their second straight state championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates the George Washington Carver boys basketball team and coaches on winning their second straight state championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senator Mack "Bodi" White for his years of distinguished public service.. Description: Commends Senator Mack "Bodi" White for his years of distinguished public service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mike McConathy on being named LABC's 2023 Mr. Basketball.. Description: Commends Mike McConathy on being named LABC's 2023 Mr. Basketball.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Thursday, June 1, 2023, as Knock Knock Children's Museum Day at the state capitol.. Description: Designates Thursday, June 1, 2023, as Knock Knock Children's Museum Day at the state capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to amend the state Medicaid plan to extend pregnancy coverage to individuals at or below 185% of the federal poverty level.. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to amend the state Medicaid plan to extend pregnancy coverage to individuals at or below 185% of the federal poverty level.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Continues the Task Force on Prevention of Human Degradation and Exploitation of Vulnerable Individuals in Community-Based Residential Settings.. Description: Continues the Task Force on Prevention of Human Degradation and Exploitation of Vulnerable Individuals in Community-Based Residential Settings.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Kenneth "Biggy" Johnston. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Kenneth "Biggy" Johnston
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations on the general provisions of justification and use of force or violence in defense as applied to abuse survivors.. Description: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations on the general provisions of justification and use of force or violence in defense as applied to abuse survivors.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests Louisiana State Police, LDH's office of behavioral health, and the Louisiana Commission on Law Enforcement to collaborate on best practices and model programs that address gun violence prevention and intervention.. Description: Requests Louisiana State Police, LDH's office of behavioral health, and the Louisiana Commission on Law Enforcement to collaborate on best practices and model programs that address gun violence prevention and intervention.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senator Gregory Tarver for his years of distinguished public service.. Description: Commends Senator Gregory Tarver for his years of distinguished public service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senate President Patrick Page Cortez for his years of distinguished public service.. Description: Commends Senate President Patrick Page Cortez for his years of distinguished public service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Dr. Ernest Marcelle Jr. upon his accomplishments.. Description: Commends Reverend Dr. Ernest Marcelle Jr. upon his accomplishments.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Shelby Ainsworth on the occasion of his retirement as principal from West Monroe High School.. Description: Commends and congratulates Shelby Ainsworth on the occasion of his retirement as principal from West Monroe High School.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the Mandeville High School Spinnakers Varsity Dance Team on their outstanding performance at the 2023 UDA National Dance Team Championship.. Description: Recognizes the Mandeville High School Spinnakers Varsity Dance Team on their outstanding performance at the 2023 UDA National Dance Team Championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the Mandeville High School cheerleading team on their outstanding performance at the 2023 UCA National High School Cheerleading Championship.. Description: Recognizes the Mandeville High School cheerleading team on their outstanding performance at the 2023 UCA National High School Cheerleading Championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of Elvina Broussard Chaisson.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of Elvina Broussard Chaisson.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health to protect the people of Louisiana from the dangers of imported seafood by immediately taking any and all action necessary to enforce the many provisions of Louisiana law relative to seafood safety.. Description: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health to protect the people of Louisiana from the dangers of imported seafood by immediately taking any and all action necessary to enforce the many provisions of Louisiana law relative to seafood safety.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To urge and request the Louisiana State Board of Medical Examiners, the Louisiana State Board of Dentistry, and the Louisiana State Board of Nursing to verify and provide public access to collaborative practice agreements.. Description: To urge and request the Louisiana State Board of Medical Examiners, the Louisiana State Board of Dentistry, and the Louisiana State Board of Nursing to verify and provide public access to collaborative practice agreements.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reestablishes the Task Force on State Recognition of Indian Tribes.. Description: Reestablishes the Task Force on State Recognition of Indian Tribes.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the undefeated Destrehan High School Fighting Wildcat football team upon winning the 2022 LHSAA Division I state championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates the undefeated Destrehan High School Fighting Wildcat football team upon winning the 2022 LHSAA Division I state championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commemorates the adoption of the flag of the United States on June 14, 1777, and recognizes National Flag Week, June 11-17, 2023, in Louisiana.. Description: Commemorates the adoption of the flag of the United States on June 14, 1777, and recognizes National Flag Week, June 11-17, 2023, in Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 28, 2023, as Workers' Memorial Day in recognition of workers killed, injured, and disabled on the job.. Description: Recognizes April 28, 2023, as Workers' Memorial Day in recognition of workers killed, injured, and disabled on the job.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To proclaim June 5, 2023, as Louisiana Unclaimed Property Day in recognition of the 50th Anniversary of the Louisiana Unclaimed Property Program.. Description: To proclaim June 5, 2023, as Louisiana Unclaimed Property Day in recognition of the 50th Anniversary of the Louisiana Unclaimed Property Program.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the secretary of state to study the feasibility of creating and maintaining a central electronic repository on the secretary of state's website for permitting and licensing information, which is required to be published by certain state entities pursuant to R.S. 37:23.2 and R.S. 49:1308.. Description: Requests the secretary of state to study the feasibility of creating and maintaining a central electronic repository on the secretary of state's website for permitting and licensing information, which is required to be published by certain state entities pursuant to R.S. 37:23.2 and R.S. 49:1308.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the office of juvenile justice in the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to submit quarterly reports to the Senate regarding the progress and implementation of the tiered juvenile justice system established by Act No. 693 of the 2022 Regular Session of the Louisiana Legislature.. Description: Requests the office of juvenile justice in the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to submit quarterly reports to the Senate regarding the progress and implementation of the tiered juvenile justice system established by Act No. 693 of the 2022 Regular Session of the Louisiana Legislature.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes that on June 14, 2023, the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary will commemorate the dedication of a building in honor of the esteemed Pastor Fred Luter.. Description: Recognizes that on June 14, 2023, the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary will commemorate the dedication of a building in honor of the esteemed Pastor Fred Luter.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force for Juvenile Justice Facility Standards.. Description: Creates the Task Force for Juvenile Justice Facility Standards.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the commissioner of the office of alcohol and tobacco control, Department of Revenue, to submit a written report concerning the sale or service of alcoholic beverages to underage persons.. Description: Requests the commissioner of the office of alcohol and tobacco control, Department of Revenue, to submit a written report concerning the sale or service of alcoholic beverages to underage persons.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study and make recommendations regarding crime against nature by solicitation.. Description: Creates a task force to study and make recommendations regarding crime against nature by solicitation.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the passing of Carolyn Cambre Alleman.. Description: Expresses condolences on the passing of Carolyn Cambre Alleman.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Michael J. Olivier of Baton Rouge on the occasion of his retirement from the Committee of 100 for Economic Development.. Description: Commends Michael J. Olivier of Baton Rouge on the occasion of his retirement from the Committee of 100 for Economic Development.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Express condolences upon the death of James "Jim" Edwin Champagne.. Description: Express condolences upon the death of James "Jim" Edwin Champagne.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Congratulates Our Future Our Family Ministries upon the occasion of the grand opening of their Community Outreach Center & Ministry Services Complex.. Description: Congratulates Our Future Our Family Ministries upon the occasion of the grand opening of their Community Outreach Center & Ministry Services Complex.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Baton Rouge area students and instructors for competing in and winning martial arts tournaments throughout Louisiana.. Description: Commends the Baton Rouge area students and instructors for competing in and winning martial arts tournaments throughout Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends WAFB television station upon the celebration of its seventieth anniversary of broadcasting.. Description: Commends WAFB television station upon the celebration of its seventieth anniversary of broadcasting.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Task Force on Local Impacts of Carbon Capture and Sequestration to study the benefits and revenue streams of carbon capture and sequestration projects.. Description: Establishes the Task Force on Local Impacts of Carbon Capture and Sequestration to study the benefits and revenue streams of carbon capture and sequestration projects.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the ongoing achievements of David Arnold "Dee-1" Augustine Jr. in his roles as an educator, musician, activist, influencer, speaker, and entrepreneur.. Description: Commends the ongoing achievements of David Arnold "Dee-1" Augustine Jr. in his roles as an educator, musician, activist, influencer, speaker, and entrepreneur.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of James Coleman on the occasion of his passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of James Coleman on the occasion of his passing.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Records for posterity the time invested in giving farewell speeches in the Senate since 2016.. Description: Records for posterity the time invested in giving farewell speeches in the Senate since 2016.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Calvin Mills Jr. on his myriad accomplishments as a proliferant serial tech entrepreneur.. Description: Commends Calvin Mills Jr. on his myriad accomplishments as a proliferant serial tech entrepreneur.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the two hundred thirty-fifth anniversary of the ratification of the U.S. Constitution and the annual luncheon by the Shreveport Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution.. Description: Commends the two hundred thirty-fifth anniversary of the ratification of the U.S. Constitution and the annual luncheon by the Shreveport Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes June 26, 2023, as National HIV Testing Awareness Day in support of the efforts of the federal government in ending the HIV epidemic in the state of Louisiana.. Description: Recognizes June 26, 2023, as National HIV Testing Awareness Day in support of the efforts of the federal government in ending the HIV epidemic in the state of Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Laura Gail Sullivan for her decades of dedicated and distinguished public service.. Description: Commends and congratulates Laura Gail Sullivan for her decades of dedicated and distinguished public service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to make determinations related to the One Lake project on the Pearl River.. Description: Requests the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to make determinations related to the One Lake project on the Pearl River.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the passing of Brother Richard Obra Early.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the passing of Brother Richard Obra Early.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on Maternal Health.. Description: Creates the Task Force on Maternal Health.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To commend the State of Israel on the 75th anniversary of the rebirth of the modern State of Israel.. Description: To commend the State of Israel on the 75th anniversary of the rebirth of the modern State of Israel.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the St. Charles Catholic Comets football team upon winning the 2022 LHSAA Division III Select state championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates the St. Charles Catholic Comets football team upon winning the 2022 LHSAA Division III Select state championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Recreation and Park Commission for the parish of East Baton Rouge (BREC) Foundation for its exceptional service.. Description: Commends the Recreation and Park Commission for the parish of East Baton Rouge (BREC) Foundation for its exceptional service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Marlene D. Ferrara for her years of dedicated, outstanding service to the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends Marlene D. Ferrara for her years of dedicated, outstanding service to the Louisiana Senate.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Diane O'Quin for her many years of service to the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends Diane O'Quin for her many years of service to the Louisiana Senate.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Debra Russell for her many years of dedicated service to the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends Debra Russell for her many years of dedicated service to the Louisiana Senate.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff Sid Gautreaux and the East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office Narcotic Division for their exceptional investigative efforts as well as their aggressive arrest and prosecution of fentanyl dealers in the Greater Baton Rouge Metro Area.. Description: Commends East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff Sid Gautreaux and the East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Office Narcotic Division for their exceptional investigative efforts as well as their aggressive arrest and prosecution of fentanyl dealers in the Greater Baton Rouge Metro Area.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Thursday, April 20, 2023, as Junior League Day at the state capitol.. Description: Recognizes Thursday, April 20, 2023, as Junior League Day at the state capitol.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senator Barrow Peacock on receiving the 2023 Medical Professional Liability Association Award of Excellence for Public Policy.. Description: Commends Senator Barrow Peacock on receiving the 2023 Medical Professional Liability Association Award of Excellence for Public Policy.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senator Kirk Talbot on receiving the 2023 Medical Professional Liability Association Award of Excellence for Public Policy.. Description: Commends Senator Kirk Talbot on receiving the 2023 Medical Professional Liability Association Award of Excellence for Public Policy.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests BESE to recognize and include increased funding as provided in HB 1 of the 2023 Regular Session, when developing and adopting a minimum foundation program formula for the 2024-2025 Fiscal Year and in future years.. Description: Urges and requests BESE to recognize and include increased funding as provided in HB 1 of the 2023 Regular Session, when developing and adopting a minimum foundation program formula for the 2024-2025 Fiscal Year and in future years.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family of George Lee Griffin Sr. on the day of his passing.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family of George Lee Griffin Sr. on the day of his passing.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Request the Louisiana Department of Health to provide precise details regarding the potential establishment of a forensic psychiatric hospital located in a densely populated community near a school.. Description: Request the Louisiana Department of Health to provide precise details regarding the potential establishment of a forensic psychiatric hospital located in a densely populated community near a school.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bishop Dr. Michael L. Smith Sr. on his apostolic anointing.. Description: Commends Bishop Dr. Michael L. Smith Sr. on his apostolic anointing.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Doveal Essex.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Doveal Essex.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a hospital stabilization formula (EN +$314,552,060 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for a hospital stabilization formula (EN +$314,552,060 SD RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts users of the Rockefeller Wildlife Refuge and the Marsh Island Wildlife Refuge from the requirement of completion of a self-clearing permit. Description: Exempts users of the Rockefeller Wildlife Refuge and the Marsh Island Wildlife Refuge from the requirement of completion of a self-clearing permit
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses affirmation and resolute support for fostering a strong domestic maritime industry for the nation's economic prosperity. Description: Expresses affirmation and resolute support for fostering a strong domestic maritime industry for the nation's economic prosperity
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Board of Regents conduct a study relative to the state's articulation and transfer process with respect to career and technical education courses. Description: Requests that the Board of Regents conduct a study relative to the state's articulation and transfer process with respect to career and technical education courses
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes and directs the adjutant general of the Louisiana National Guard to determine if application of the current procedures of the Uniform Code of Military Justice may result in a nonunanimous verdict and to take the necessary actions to prevent such verdicts. Description: Authorizes and directs the adjutant general of the Louisiana National Guard to determine if application of the current procedures of the Uniform Code of Military Justice may result in a nonunanimous verdict and to take the necessary actions to prevent such verdicts
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes congress to establish Fort Jackson in Plaquemines Parish as a national park. Description: Memorializes congress to establish Fort Jackson in Plaquemines Parish as a national park
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to take necessary actions to halt the influx of fentanyl from Mexico and China into the United States. Description: Memorializes Congress to take necessary actions to halt the influx of fentanyl from Mexico and China into the United States
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests weekly briefings by electronic mail to the legislature on security threats. Description: Requests weekly briefings by electronic mail to the legislature on security threats
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Veterans Affairs in conjunction with the office of state buildings to plan and implement a Purple Heart Trail on the grounds surrounding the state capitol. Description: Requests the Department of Veterans Affairs in conjunction with the office of state buildings to plan and implement a Purple Heart Trail on the grounds surrounding the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Wayne Touchet. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Wayne Touchet
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes congress to support passage of a joint resolution designating the second Saturday in June as "Get Outside Day". Description: Memorializes congress to support passage of a joint resolution designating the second Saturday in June as "Get Outside Day"
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes congress to take such actions as necessary to establish the "Agent Orange Veterans Service Medal". Description: Memorializes congress to take such actions as necessary to establish the "Agent Orange Veterans Service Medal"
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mayor Mark Piazza of Abbeville on the occasion of his retirement from civil service. Description: Commends Mayor Mark Piazza of Abbeville on the occasion of his retirement from civil service
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Lynn Blackwell Dean, former distinguished member of the Louisiana Senate. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Lynn Blackwell Dean, former distinguished member of the Louisiana Senate
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses recognition and encouragement of the economic ties and friendship between the state of Louisiana and the Republic of China (Taiwan). Description: Expresses recognition and encouragement of the economic ties and friendship between the state of Louisiana and the Republic of China (Taiwan)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 11-17, 2023, as Black Maternal Health Week in the state. Description: Recognizes April 11-17, 2023, as Black Maternal Health Week in the state
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Continues the Teacher Recruitment, Recovery, and Retention Task Force. Description: Continues the Teacher Recruitment, Recovery, and Retention Task Force
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Council of State Governments Southern Office on the occasion of the 77th Southern Legislative Conference. Description: Commends the Council of State Governments Southern Office on the occasion of the 77th Southern Legislative Conference
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Lutcher High School Bulldogs football team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2022 Non-Select Division II state championship. Description: Commends the Lutcher High School Bulldogs football team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2022 Non-Select Division II state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana State University women's basketball team on winning the 2023 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I women's basketball championship. Description: Commends the Louisiana State University women's basketball team on winning the 2023 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I women's basketball championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations regarding notice and mailing requirements. Description: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations regarding notice and mailing requirements
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the legislature on the death Sir Edward "Kidd" Jordan. Description: Expresses the condolences of the legislature on the death Sir Edward "Kidd" Jordan
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the classified fire service in the city of Zachary. Description: Provides relative to the classified fire service in the city of Zachary
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 19, 2023, as Nurses Day and May 6 through May 12, 2023, as National Nurses Week in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes April 19, 2023, as Nurses Day and May 6 through May 12, 2023, as National Nurses Week in Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University student Kenedi Lynch on being named a Goldwater Scholar. Description: Commends Louisiana State University student Kenedi Lynch on being named a Goldwater Scholar
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jeneral C. "Jack" Chelette on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Jeneral C. "Jack" Chelette on the occasion of his retirement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University at Eunice coach and athletic director Jeff Willis on being named to the National Junior College Athletic Association Coaches Hall of Fame. Description: Commends Louisiana State University at Eunice coach and athletic director Jeff Willis on being named to the National Junior College Athletic Association Coaches Hall of Fame
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University student Cale Locicero on being named a recipient of a 2022-2023 National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship. Description: Commends Louisiana State University student Cale Locicero on being named a recipient of a 2022-2023 National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the president of the United States to reconsider the signed agreement that facilitates growth of certain aquaculture exports from Ecuador to the United States. Description: Urges and requests the president of the United States to reconsider the signed agreement that facilitates growth of certain aquaculture exports from Ecuador to the United States
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University student Rachael Coates on being named a Goldwater Scholar. Description: Commends Louisiana State University student Rachael Coates on being named a Goldwater Scholar
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University in Shreveport professor Dr. Alexandre Mikaberidze on being named a Fulbright Scholar. Description: Commends Louisiana State University in Shreveport professor Dr. Alexandre Mikaberidze on being named a Fulbright Scholar
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University student Evan Leonhard on being named a Fulbright Scholar. Description: Commends Louisiana State University student Evan Leonhard on being named a Fulbright Scholar
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Arthur Villordon for receiving the National Sweet Potato Impact Award. Description: Commends Arthur Villordon for receiving the National Sweet Potato Impact Award
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Ruben John Dauzat. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Ruben John Dauzat
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends James Hendrix on being named 2023 Conservation Systems Soybean and Corn Researcher of the Year. Description: Commends James Hendrix on being named 2023 Conservation Systems Soybean and Corn Researcher of the Year
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University at Eunice Professor Emeritus Dr. Malcolm Vidrine for being recognized as the 2022 recipient of the James William Rivers Prize in Louisiana Studies. Description: Commends Louisiana State University at Eunice Professor Emeritus Dr. Malcolm Vidrine for being recognized as the 2022 recipient of the James William Rivers Prize in Louisiana Studies
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 19, 2023, as LSU Day at the legislature and commends Louisiana State University. Description: Designates April 19, 2023, as LSU Day at the legislature and commends Louisiana State University
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University Health Shreveport medical student Holly LaCour for her work to increase students' exposure to science. Description: Commends Louisiana State University Health Shreveport medical student Holly LaCour for her work to increase students' exposure to science
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana State University Health Shreveport faculty member Dr. Daniel Flowers for his accomplishments. Description: Commends Louisiana State University Health Shreveport faculty member Dr. Daniel Flowers for his accomplishments
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests state agencies report certain fiscal data on transportation services provided to their clients. Description: Urges and requests state agencies report certain fiscal data on transportation services provided to their clients
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 16, 2023, as Parks and Recreation Day at the state capitol and July 2023 as Parks and Recreation Month in Louisiana. Description: Designates May 16, 2023, as Parks and Recreation Day at the state capitol and July 2023 as Parks and Recreation Month in Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Education to update its early childhood care and education data management systems. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Education to update its early childhood care and education data management systems
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Randell Aaron Fletcher. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Randell Aaron Fletcher
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends St. Charles Borromeo Catholic Church on the occasion of its three hundredth anniversary. Description: Commends St. Charles Borromeo Catholic Church on the occasion of its three hundredth anniversary
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Suspends certain civil filing fee (RE DECREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Suspends certain civil filing fee (RE DECREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates 2024 as the Year of the Bible. Description: Designates 2024 as the Year of the Bible
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 25, 2023, as LMA Municipal Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes April 25, 2023, as LMA Municipal Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to an America 250 state commission. Description: Provides relative to an America 250 state commission
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Liberty Theater in Eunice as the Center for Louisiana Culture and Folklife. Description: Recognizes Liberty Theater in Eunice as the Center for Louisiana Culture and Folklife
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Encourages the United States Congress and the National Security Council to formally review the Status of Forces Agreement between the United States and Japan to ensure that our service members are being properly treated and adequately protected while serving in Japan. Description: Encourages the United States Congress and the National Security Council to formally review the Status of Forces Agreement between the United States and Japan to ensure that our service members are being properly treated and adequately protected while serving in Japan
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the members of the United States Armed Forces for their service and proclaims May 2023 as Military Appreciation Month. Description: Commends the members of the United States Armed Forces for their service and proclaims May 2023 as Military Appreciation Month
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Wednesday, April 26, 2023 as Louisiana Loggers Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates Wednesday, April 26, 2023 as Louisiana Loggers Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes congress to pass legislation allowing for tax-advantaged catastrophe savings accounts (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Memorializes congress to pass legislation allowing for tax-advantaged catastrophe savings accounts (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Forms a special committee to study and make recommendations concerning taxation of short-term rentals and other types of commercial housing enterprises operating in New Orleans. Description: Forms a special committee to study and make recommendations concerning taxation of short-term rentals and other types of commercial housing enterprises operating in New Orleans
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana attorney general to seek legal relief against the Federal Emergency Management Agency's new pricing for the National Flood Insurance Program. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana attorney general to seek legal relief against the Federal Emergency Management Agency's new pricing for the National Flood Insurance Program
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to withdraw its proposed rule with respect to climate-related disclosures for investors. Description: Requests the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to withdraw its proposed rule with respect to climate-related disclosures for investors
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges the New Orleans Recreation Development Commission to have automated external defibrillators on its premises. Description: Urges the New Orleans Recreation Development Commission to have automated external defibrillators on its premises
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the members and board of directors of the Louisiana School Boards Association for their commitment to advancing education in the state. Description: Commends the members and board of directors of the Louisiana School Boards Association for their commitment to advancing education in the state
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Church Point High School boys' powerlifting team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division III state championship. Description: Commends the Church Point High School boys' powerlifting team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division III state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends John Craig Arceneaux, head coach of the Church Point High School football team, on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends John Craig Arceneaux, head coach of the Church Point High School football team, on the occasion of his retirement
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development study the addition of a shoulder on Louisiana Highway 19 between north Zachary and the Mississippi state line. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development study the addition of a shoulder on Louisiana Highway 19 between north Zachary and the Mississippi state line
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the current system of reporting deaths in correctional institutions. Description: Requests a study of the current system of reporting deaths in correctional institutions
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 10, 2023, as CODOFIL Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 10, 2023, as CODOFIL Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Government Pension Offset and Windfall Elimination Provision. Description: Provides relative to the Government Pension Offset and Windfall Elimination Provision
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to reevaluate and construct a safety installation in a certain community in Shreveport, Louisiana. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to reevaluate and construct a safety installation in a certain community in Shreveport, Louisiana
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the House Committee on Retirement and the Senate Retirement Committee to study future benefit options for employees. Description: Requests the House Committee on Retirement and the Senate Retirement Committee to study future benefit options for employees
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests retirement systems and the state treasurer to report on companies that do not invest in certain energy companies. Description: Requests retirement systems and the state treasurer to report on companies that do not invest in certain energy companies
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges the United States Congress to not support any legislation or efforts to adopt a central bank digital currency in the United States. Description: Urges the United States Congress to not support any legislation or efforts to adopt a central bank digital currency in the United States
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the United States Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider the mitigation and stewardship plan for the Mid-Barataria Sediment Diversion to include tidal levee protection for Lafitte, Barataria, and Crown Point. Description: Urges and requests the United States Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider the mitigation and stewardship plan for the Mid-Barataria Sediment Diversion to include tidal levee protection for Lafitte, Barataria, and Crown Point
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to work with other agencies and interest groups to take appropriate action to remove and prevent homeless people from residing within interstate rights of way in the New Orleans metropolitan area. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to work with other agencies and interest groups to take appropriate action to remove and prevent homeless people from residing within interstate rights of way in the New Orleans metropolitan area
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Calvary Baptist Academy softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Select Division III state championship. Description: Commends the Calvary Baptist Academy softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Select Division III state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests study by Louisiana Department of Health to consider Medicaid coverage of gene therapy. Description: Requests study by Louisiana Department of Health to consider Medicaid coverage of gene therapy
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the North DeSoto High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division II state championship. Description: Commends the North DeSoto High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division II state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Converse High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division V state championship. Description: Commends the Converse High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division V state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the St. Amant High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division I state championship. Description: Commends the St. Amant High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division I state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the French Settlement High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the French Settlement High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Non-Select Division IV state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Riverside Academy High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Select Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the Riverside Academy High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Select Division IV state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Tulane University for its history of academic excellence. Description: Commends Tulane University for its history of academic excellence
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the ArkLaMiss Timber and Bioinnovation Corridor Commission. Description: Establishes the ArkLaMiss Timber and Bioinnovation Corridor Commission
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Donald Gifford "Don" Briggs and recognizes his outstanding achievements. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Donald Gifford "Don" Briggs and recognizes his outstanding achievements
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to create a task force to study, identify, and make recommendations to address the specialist physician shortage in the state. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to create a task force to study, identify, and make recommendations to address the specialist physician shortage in the state
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on African American Suicide Rates. Description: Creates the Task Force on African American Suicide Rates
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to study the feasibility of allowing a black bear hunting season. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to study the feasibility of allowing a black bear hunting season
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends St. Martin Parish Sheriff Becket Breaux on his receipt of new certification from the Federal Bureau of Investigation Academy and for leading the St. Martin Parish Sheriff's Office to receive accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies. Description: Commends St. Martin Parish Sheriff Becket Breaux on his receipt of new certification from the Federal Bureau of Investigation Academy and for leading the St. Martin Parish Sheriff's Office to receive accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to compel the United States Food and Drug Administration to fulfill its duties regarding inspection and testing of imported seafood. Description: Memorializes Congress to compel the United States Food and Drug Administration to fulfill its duties regarding inspection and testing of imported seafood
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Georgina Dhillon, editor of Kreol Magazine, for her numerous professional achievements. Description: Commends Georgina Dhillon, editor of Kreol Magazine, for her numerous professional achievements
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the U.S. Congress to assist with a La. pilot program for the recruitment of new members to the U.S. Army. Description: Memorializes the U.S. Congress to assist with a La. pilot program for the recruitment of new members to the U.S. Army
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the wrongful association of physical and mental health problems. Description: Creates a task force to study the wrongful association of physical and mental health problems
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 18, 2023, as AKA Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 18, 2023, as AKA Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 17, 2023, as Dow Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 17, 2023, as Dow Day at the state capitol
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Continues the Health Inequities and Disparities in Rural Areas Task Force. Description: Continues the Health Inequities and Disparities in Rural Areas Task Force
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Paul Maraist. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Paul Maraist
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections to provide optional identification tags to inmates assigned to work in state buildings. Description: Requests the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections to provide optional identification tags to inmates assigned to work in state buildings
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the United States Congress to support the extension of funding for the Affordable Connectivity Program which provides our citizens with access to broadband services. Description: Memorializes the United States Congress to support the extension of funding for the Affordable Connectivity Program which provides our citizens with access to broadband services
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes and directs the legislative auditor to conduct performance audits of Louisiana's state and local correctional facilities. Description: Authorizes and directs the legislative auditor to conduct performance audits of Louisiana's state and local correctional facilities
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health and the United States Food and Drug Administration to expand testing of imported shrimp. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health and the United States Food and Drug Administration to expand testing of imported shrimp
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests certain actions by the Office of Group Benefits relative to pharmacy benefit managers and contracts relative thereto (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requests certain actions by the Office of Group Benefits relative to pharmacy benefit managers and contracts relative thereto (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Curtis "Joe" Boudoin. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Curtis "Joe" Boudoin
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development conduct a study and make plans relative to emergency evacuation routes for public safety. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development conduct a study and make plans relative to emergency evacuation routes for public safety
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to impose a quota or tariff on imported shrimp, crab meat, and crawfish and enact a buy plan for domestic shrimp, crab meat, and crawfish. Description: Memorializes Congress to impose a quota or tariff on imported shrimp, crab meat, and crawfish and enact a buy plan for domestic shrimp, crab meat, and crawfish
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state public retirement systems to avoid Environmental, Social, and Governance investing. Description: Requests the state public retirement systems to avoid Environmental, Social, and Governance investing
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests FEMA to extend the temporary housing program for residents affected by Hurricane Ida. Description: Requests FEMA to extend the temporary housing program for residents affected by Hurricane Ida
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to study wakeboard boats and their impact on fishing and properties on False River. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to study wakeboard boats and their impact on fishing and properties on False River
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study and make recommendations for designating a certain percentage of man-hours in any apprenticeable occupation to registered apprentices for certain construction and capital projects (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Creates a task force to study and make recommendations for designating a certain percentage of man-hours in any apprenticeable occupation to registered apprentices for certain construction and capital projects (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to ban the import of shrimp and crawfish from outside the U.S.. Description: Memorializes Congress to ban the import of shrimp and crawfish from outside the U.S.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana State Board of Medical Examiners to study the potential outcomes of allowing sanctioned physicians to practice under supervision and its impact on the physician shortage. Description: Requests the Louisiana State Board of Medical Examiners to study the potential outcomes of allowing sanctioned physicians to practice under supervision and its impact on the physician shortage
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses support for development of a Levitt Pavilion in Armstrong Park in New Orleans. Description: Expresses support for development of a Levitt Pavilion in Armstrong Park in New Orleans
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Monday, May 22, 2023, as Louisiana Judicial Council of the National Bar Association Day at the state capitol and commends the council. Description: Designates Monday, May 22, 2023, as Louisiana Judicial Council of the National Bar Association Day at the state capitol and commends the council
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the legislature on the death of Judge Jimmy N. Dimos. Description: Expresses the condolences of the legislature on the death of Judge Jimmy N. Dimos
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senator J. Rogers Pope for his service to his community and state. Description: Commends Senator J. Rogers Pope for his service to his community and state
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a subcommittee to study nonmelanoma skin cancer prevention and treatment. Description: Creates a subcommittee to study nonmelanoma skin cancer prevention and treatment
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the La. State Law Institute to study succession proceedings and alternatives for low income families and low value properties. Description: Directs the La. State Law Institute to study succession proceedings and alternatives for low income families and low value properties
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the United States Congress to adopt strategies for improving access to dental care for adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Description: Memorializes the United States Congress to adopt strategies for improving access to dental care for adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Insurance to report certain information regarding the Insure Louisiana Incentive Program. Description: Requests the Department of Insurance to report certain information regarding the Insure Louisiana Incentive Program
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses intent of the legislature regarding House Bill No. 586 of the 2023 R.S.. Description: Expresses intent of the legislature regarding House Bill No. 586 of the 2023 R.S.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Economic Development, in consultation with the Louisiana Workforce Commission, to evaluate the state's readiness for attracting offshore wind energy supply chain industries to the state. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Economic Development, in consultation with the Louisiana Workforce Commission, to evaluate the state's readiness for attracting offshore wind energy supply chain industries to the state
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commemorates the fiftieth anniversary of the 1973 Up Stairs Lounge fire in the French Quarter in New Orleans. Description: Commemorates the fiftieth anniversary of the 1973 Up Stairs Lounge fire in the French Quarter in New Orleans
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Walter Benoit Comeaux, Jr., on the occasion of his one hundredth birthday. Description: Commends Dr. Walter Benoit Comeaux, Jr., on the occasion of his one hundredth birthday
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to codify the terminology of "solar compound" and "wind installation". Description: Memorializes Congress to codify the terminology of "solar compound" and "wind installation"
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to study and make recommendations regarding alligator markets, populations, and hunting. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to study and make recommendations regarding alligator markets, populations, and hunting
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sheriff Greg Champagne on his second term as president of the National Sheriff's Association. Description: Commends Sheriff Greg Champagne on his second term as president of the National Sheriff's Association
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Imported Seafood Safety Task Force to study and make recommendations regarding the funding and enforcement of imported seafood regulations. Description: Creates the Imported Seafood Safety Task Force to study and make recommendations regarding the funding and enforcement of imported seafood regulations
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Urges and requests the office of motor vehicles to implement federal regulations relative to commercial drivers' licenses. Description: Urges and requests the office of motor vehicles to implement federal regulations relative to commercial drivers' licenses
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the Legislature of Louisiana on the death of former Louisiana State Representative and U.S. Congressman Anthony Claude "Buddy" Leach, Jr.. Description: Expresses the condolences of the Legislature of Louisiana on the death of former Louisiana State Representative and U.S. Congressman Anthony Claude "Buddy" Leach, Jr.
In 2023, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to grant states optional flexibility through the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to integrate and improve service delivery of federally funded assistance programs. Description: Memorializes Congress to grant states optional flexibility through the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to integrate and improve service delivery of federally funded assistance programs
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Huntington High School girls' track team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Class 4A state championship. Description: Commends the Huntington High School girls' track team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Class 4A state championship
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Martin Luther King Community Development Corporation for its community service on the occasion of its twentieth anniversary. Description: Commends the Martin Luther King Community Development Corporation for its community service on the occasion of its twentieth anniversary
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends retiring LASERS Executive Director Cindy Rougeou for her career of public service.. Description: Commends retiring LASERS Executive Director Cindy Rougeou for her career of public service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Michael J. Olivier on the occasion of his retirement from the Committee of 100 for Economic Development. Description: Commends Michael J. Olivier on the occasion of his retirement from the Committee of 100 for Economic Development
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Monday, April 10, 2023, at 1:00 pm.. Description: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Monday, April 10, 2023, at 1:00 pm.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for legislative approval of the MFP formula for the 2023-2024 school year. (7/1/23) (EG +$258,512,590 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for legislative approval of the MFP formula for the 2023-2024 school year. (7/1/23) (EG +$258,512,590 GF EX See Note)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the expenditure limit for Fiscal Year 2022-2023 and Fiscal Year 2023-2024. (2/3-CA7s10) (EN SEE FISC NOTE). Description: Provides for the expenditure limit for Fiscal Year 2022-2023 and Fiscal Year 2023-2024. (2/3-CA7s10) (EN SEE FISC NOTE)
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the Louisiana State University Tigers Womens Basketball team on winning their first NCAA Basketball Championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates the Louisiana State University Tigers Womens Basketball team on winning their first NCAA Basketball Championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Approves the annual state integrated coastal protection plan for Fiscal Year 2024, as adopted by the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board.. Description: Approves the annual state integrated coastal protection plan for Fiscal Year 2024, as adopted by the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges the commissioner of insurance to create the Hurricane Mitigation Commission to study and report findings and recommendations relative to the handling of property insurance claims in the wake of hurricanes and the necessity of a catastrophe savings account.. Description: Urges the commissioner of insurance to create the Hurricane Mitigation Commission to study and report findings and recommendations relative to the handling of property insurance claims in the wake of hurricanes and the necessity of a catastrophe savings account.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on Safety for Law Enforcement Officers Involved in High Speed Vehicle Pursuits to study and review police officer training and protocols necessary to increase the safety of law enforcement officers and innocent bystanders.. Description: Creates the Task Force on Safety for Law Enforcement Officers Involved in High Speed Vehicle Pursuits to study and review police officer training and protocols necessary to increase the safety of law enforcement officers and innocent bystanders.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bossier High School Principal David Thrash on the occasion of his retirement.. Description: Commends Bossier High School Principal David Thrash on the occasion of his retirement.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Parkway High School Lady Panthers basketball team on wining the LHSAA Division I state championship title.. Description: Commends the Parkway High School Lady Panthers basketball team on wining the LHSAA Division I state championship title.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the expansion of the Louisiana Veterans Memorial Park pursuant to the Capitol Complex Master Plan as envisioned by the Capitol Park Interpretive Plan.. Description: Provides for the expansion of the Louisiana Veterans Memorial Park pursuant to the Capitol Complex Master Plan as envisioned by the Capitol Park Interpretive Plan.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Eta state chapter of Kappa Kappa Iota Sorority, Inc on hosting the seventy-fourth annual national convention and Phyllis Thomas on serving as the organization's national president.. Description: Commends the Eta state chapter of Kappa Kappa Iota Sorority, Inc on hosting the seventy-fourth annual national convention and Phyllis Thomas on serving as the organization's national president.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends South Highlands Elementary School on the occasion of its centennial celebration.. Description: Commends South Highlands Elementary School on the occasion of its centennial celebration.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of DOTD employee Christopher Alan Gray.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of DOTD employee Christopher Alan Gray.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Bossier High School Bearkats on winning their fourth LHSAA state title.. Description: Commends the Bossier High School Bearkats on winning their fourth LHSAA state title.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Approves the comprehensive master plan for integrated coastal protection.. Description: Approves the comprehensive master plan for integrated coastal protection.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Armand "Mondo" Duplantis on setting a new world record for the pole vault.. Description: Commends Armand "Mondo" Duplantis on setting a new world record for the pole vault.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on Available and Affordable Commercial Motor Vehicle Insurance.. Description: Creates the Task Force on Available and Affordable Commercial Motor Vehicle Insurance.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to convene a task force to make recommendations regarding nursing involvement to improve maternal outcomes.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to convene a task force to make recommendations regarding nursing involvement to improve maternal outcomes.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Affirms the sovereign right of Louisiana to nullify unconstitutional acts of the federal government.. Description: Affirms the sovereign right of Louisiana to nullify unconstitutional acts of the federal government.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Bayou Chene Operational Advisory Committee.. Description: Creates the Bayou Chene Operational Advisory Committee.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Richard P. Ieyoub.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Richard P. Ieyoub.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Federation of Greater Baton Rouge Civic Associations for fifty years of community service.. Description: Commends the Federation of Greater Baton Rouge Civic Associations for fifty years of community service.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the board to prepare for implementation of an "education savings account" program.. Description: Urges and requests the board to prepare for implementation of an "education savings account" program.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ivy Robichaux on being crowned Miss LSU.. Description: Commends Ivy Robichaux on being crowned Miss LSU.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commemorates the celebration of St. Patrick's Day and recognizes the cultural and historic links between Ireland and Louisiana and the establishment of the American Irish State Legislators Caucus.. Description: Commemorates the celebration of St. Patrick's Day and recognizes the cultural and historic links between Ireland and Louisiana and the establishment of the American Irish State Legislators Caucus.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends LSU Shreveport chancellor Larry Clark on his retirement.. Description: Commends LSU Shreveport chancellor Larry Clark on his retirement.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and expresses support for economic trade and friendship between the state of Louisiana and the Republic of China (Taiwan).. Description: Commends and expresses support for economic trade and friendship between the state of Louisiana and the Republic of China (Taiwan).
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on Louisiana Automated Grain Grading.. Description: Creates the Task Force on Louisiana Automated Grain Grading.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on Alopecia Awareness.. Description: Creates the Task Force on Alopecia Awareness.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 20 through May 26, 2023, as Safe Boating Week in Louisiana.. Description: Designates May 20 through May 26, 2023, as Safe Boating Week in Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Northwestern State University Middle Lab School Orchestra upon their outstanding performance at festival Disney in Orlando, Florida and for their many musical accomplishments.. Description: Commends Northwestern State University Middle Lab School Orchestra upon their outstanding performance at festival Disney in Orlando, Florida and for their many musical accomplishments.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Katrice LaCour upon leading the Northwestern State University Middle Lab School Orchestra to international recognition at Festival Disney and for his significant contributions and accomplishments in the music industry.. Description: Commends Katrice LaCour upon leading the Northwestern State University Middle Lab School Orchestra to international recognition at Festival Disney and for his significant contributions and accomplishments in the music industry.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests BESE and the Board of Regents to publish certain information annually relative to college and career readiness outcomes.. Description: Requests BESE and the Board of Regents to publish certain information annually relative to college and career readiness outcomes.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the North Louisiana Legislative Delegation of the legislature.. Description: Recognizes the North Louisiana Legislative Delegation of the legislature.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the sincere condolences of the Legislature of Louisiana upon the passing of Ambassador James Joseph.. Description: Expresses the sincere condolences of the Legislature of Louisiana upon the passing of Ambassador James Joseph.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Elects Alan M. Boxberger as legislative fiscal officer.. Description: Elects Alan M. Boxberger as legislative fiscal officer.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Hahnville High School teacher Brittany Bonnaffons upon being named the 2023 Louisiana Teacher of the Year.. Description: Commends Hahnville High School teacher Brittany Bonnaffons upon being named the 2023 Louisiana Teacher of the Year.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes, commends, and congratulates Harry Hurst Middle School principal David Schexnaydre as the 2023 Louisiana Principal of the Year.. Description: Recognizes, commends, and congratulates Harry Hurst Middle School principal David Schexnaydre as the 2023 Louisiana Principal of the Year.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the dissolution or absorption of fiscally distressed municipalities.. Description: Creates a task force to study the dissolution or absorption of fiscally distressed municipalities.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Senator Gerald Boudreaux for being selected as recipient of the 2023 Boys & Girls Clubs of America State Alliance Champion of the Year Award.. Description: Commends and congratulates Senator Gerald Boudreaux for being selected as recipient of the 2023 Boys & Girls Clubs of America State Alliance Champion of the Year Award.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on Sentencing for Second Degree Murder to determine the best changes to sentencing for second degree murder.. Description: Creates the Task Force on Sentencing for Second Degree Murder to determine the best changes to sentencing for second degree murder.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries Commission promulgate rules and regulations providing for red drum.. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries Commission promulgate rules and regulations providing for red drum.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Raj Letchuman on winning the Louisiana Student of the Year award.. Description: Commends and congratulates Raj Letchuman on winning the Louisiana Student of the Year award.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Junior League of Shreveport-Bossier, Inc. on celebrating their ninetieth anniversary.. Description: Commends the Junior League of Shreveport-Bossier, Inc. on celebrating their ninetieth anniversary.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Joint Committee on Technology and Cybersecurity to study the impact of artificial intelligence in operations, procurement, and policy.. Description: Requests the Joint Committee on Technology and Cybersecurity to study the impact of artificial intelligence in operations, procurement, and policy.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 20 through 26, 2023, as Safe Boating Week in Louisiana.. Description: Designates May 20 through 26, 2023, as Safe Boating Week in Louisiana.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends LSU Health Shreveport School of Medicine on the celebration of its fiftieth anniversary.. Description: Commends LSU Health Shreveport School of Medicine on the celebration of its fiftieth anniversary.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Fairfield Elementary School on its centennial celebration.. Description: Commends Fairfield Elementary School on its centennial celebration.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences of the Legislature of Louisiana upon the passing of Jimmy "Jim" Foster Harris.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences of the Legislature of Louisiana upon the passing of Jimmy "Jim" Foster Harris.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the volunteers and members of the 2023 Concerned Women for America's Encourage-A-Legislator Project.. Description: Commends the volunteers and members of the 2023 Concerned Women for America's Encourage-A-Legislator Project.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Don Coker, Ouachita Parish Superintendent upon his retirement and to congratulate him for over thirty-five years of service in the field of education.. Description: Commends Dr. Don Coker, Ouachita Parish Superintendent upon his retirement and to congratulate him for over thirty-five years of service in the field of education.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution for receipt of the Most Outstanding Service in Seconds State Project in the nation by the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution.. Description: Commends the Louisiana Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution for receipt of the Most Outstanding Service in Seconds State Project in the nation by the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Byrd High School boys' golf team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division I State Championship.. Description: Commends the Byrd High School boys' golf team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2023 Division I State Championship.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates retired Chief Justice Bernette J. Johnson on the occasion of her 80th birthday and for a distinguished legal career.. Description: Commends and congratulates retired Chief Justice Bernette J. Johnson on the occasion of her 80th birthday and for a distinguished legal career.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of Ernest Sickey.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of Ernest Sickey.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: . Re-establishes the Lower Pearl River Basin Task Force.. Description: . Re-establishes the Lower Pearl River Basin Task Force.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recreates the Louisiana Public Defender Optimal Funding Group to study and make recommendations regarding the feasibility of establishing an optimal funding mechanism for the Louisiana Public Defender Board.. Description: Recreates the Louisiana Public Defender Optimal Funding Group to study and make recommendations regarding the feasibility of establishing an optimal funding mechanism for the Louisiana Public Defender Board.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends WAFB television station upon the celebration of its seventieth anniversary of broadcasting.. Description: Commends WAFB television station upon the celebration of its seventieth anniversary of broadcasting.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Appropriates funding for the Insure Louisiana Incentive Program. Description: Appropriates funding for the Insure Louisiana Incentive Program
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Restricts use of funding for the Insure Louisiana Incentive Program. Description: Restricts use of funding for the Insure Louisiana Incentive Program
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests the appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2023, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests the appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the ordinary operating expenses of state government for Fiscal Year 2021-2022. Description: Provides for the ordinary operating expenses of state government for Fiscal Year 2021-2022
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the comprehensive Capital Outlay budget. Description: Provides for the comprehensive Capital Outlay budget
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Omnibus Bond Act. Description: Provides for the Omnibus Bond Act
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a sales and use tax exemption for feminine hygiene products and diapers (EN -$11,100,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for a sales and use tax exemption for feminine hygiene products and diapers (EN -$11,100,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the Evangeline Parish Tax Assessor to pay the cost of certain insurance premiums for eligible retirees from the assessor's office (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Requires the Evangeline Parish Tax Assessor to pay the cost of certain insurance premiums for eligible retirees from the assessor's office (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates an individual income tax checkoff for the Sexual Trauma Awareness and Response (STAR) organization (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Creates an individual income tax checkoff for the Sexual Trauma Awareness and Response (STAR) organization (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Registrars of Voters Employees' Retirement Systems (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides relative to the board of trustees of the Registrars of Voters Employees' Retirement Systems (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the crime of staging of a motor vehicle collision (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the crime of staging of a motor vehicle collision (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates an Employee Insurance Fund for the Franklin Parish Sheriff's Office (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Creates an Employee Insurance Fund for the Franklin Parish Sheriff's Office (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the selection of certain optional survivor benefits for members of the Louisiana State Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to the selection of certain optional survivor benefits for members of the Louisiana State Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Louisiana School Boards Association employees' membership in retirement systems (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to Louisiana School Boards Association employees' membership in retirement systems (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals crimes relative to defamation. Description: Repeals crimes relative to defamation
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes members of the Louisiana State Police Retirement System to purchase additional service credits at the time of retirement (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Authorizes members of the Louisiana State Police Retirement System to purchase additional service credits at the time of retirement (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to compensation considered in the calculation of contributions and benefits for the District Attorneys' Retirement System (EN DECREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to compensation considered in the calculation of contributions and benefits for the District Attorneys' Retirement System (EN DECREASE APV)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals certain adjudication, reporting, and notice requirements applicable to certain licensing boards and commissions. Description: Repeals certain adjudication, reporting, and notice requirements applicable to certain licensing boards and commissions
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to beneficiaries within the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN INCREASE FC SG EX). Description: Provides relative to beneficiaries within the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN INCREASE FC SG EX)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Firefighters' Retirement System's Deferred Retirement Option Plan and unfunded accrued liability (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides relative to Firefighters' Retirement System's Deferred Retirement Option Plan and unfunded accrued liability (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes use of Parish Transportation Fund monies for mass transit in Tangipahoa Parish (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Authorizes use of Parish Transportation Fund monies for mass transit in Tangipahoa Parish (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the total number of credits that may be earned by an offender upon earning a bachelor's degree or master's degree (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Increases the total number of credits that may be earned by an offender upon earning a bachelor's degree or master's degree (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to time limitations for certain offenses against juveniles. Description: Provides relative to time limitations for certain offenses against juveniles
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for uniform post-placement functions associated with agency adoptions and private adoptions (RE NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for uniform post-placement functions associated with agency adoptions and private adoptions (RE NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the recusal of judges. Description: Provides relative to the recusal of judges
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Limits certain monies from being used to pay for certain Dept. of Transportation and Development expenses (EG +$31,007,763 GF EX See Note). Description: Limits certain monies from being used to pay for certain Dept. of Transportation and Development expenses (EG +$31,007,763 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the governing board of the Livingston Parish Ward Two Water District. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the governing board of the Livingston Parish Ward Two Water District
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to financial aid (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to financial aid (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an additional exception when hauling construction aggregates. Description: Provides for an additional exception when hauling construction aggregates
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the jurisdictional amount in dispute for the City Court of Sulphur. Description: Provides relative to the jurisdictional amount in dispute for the City Court of Sulphur
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain pretrial procedures. Description: Provides relative to certain pretrial procedures
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the requirements for concealed handgun permit safety and training course applicants and instructors. Description: Provides relative to the requirements for concealed handgun permit safety and training course applicants and instructors
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases certain weights and measures registration and license fees under the jurisdiction of the Department of Agriculture and Forestry (EN +$619,185 SD RV See Note). Description: Increases certain weights and measures registration and license fees under the jurisdiction of the Department of Agriculture and Forestry (EN +$619,185 SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides a state and local sales and use tax exclusion for certain re-leases or re-rentals of items of tangible personal property (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides a state and local sales and use tax exclusion for certain re-leases or re-rentals of items of tangible personal property (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Changes the territorial jurisdiction of justices of the peace and constables in Pointe Coupee Parish. Description: Changes the territorial jurisdiction of justices of the peace and constables in Pointe Coupee Parish
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the board of directors of the Livingston Parish Convention and Visitors' Bureau. Description: Provides relative to the board of directors of the Livingston Parish Convention and Visitors' Bureau
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of adoption deception (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the crime of adoption deception (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to protective orders. Description: Provides relative to protective orders
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends certain funding for the Mineral and Energy Operation Fund (EN +$900,000 SD EX See Note). Description: Extends certain funding for the Mineral and Energy Operation Fund (EN +$900,000 SD EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Authorizes a political subdivision to waive water charges incurred through damage not caused by the customer (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Authorizes a political subdivision to waive water charges incurred through damage not caused by the customer (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Removes the termination of the Dual Enrollment Framework Task Force (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Removes the termination of the Dual Enrollment Framework Task Force (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the St. James Parish assessor to pay the cost of certain insurance premiums for certain retirees of the assessor's office (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Requires the St. James Parish assessor to pay the cost of certain insurance premiums for certain retirees of the assessor's office (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes an increase in per diem for the governing board members of the Ward Five Fire Protection District of Evangeline Parish. Description: Authorizes an increase in per diem for the governing board members of the Ward Five Fire Protection District of Evangeline Parish
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to misleading solicitations by nongovernmental entities. Description: Provides relative to misleading solicitations by nongovernmental entities
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to mandatory audits of title insurance producers by title insurers. Description: Provides relative to mandatory audits of title insurance producers by title insurers
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to municipal police dogs. Description: Provides relative to municipal police dogs
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to underground utilities. Description: Provides relative to underground utilities
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to amendment of petitions in delinquency proceedings. Description: Provides relative to amendment of petitions in delinquency proceedings
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the secretary of the Department of Environmental Quality to establish a voluntary environmental self-audit program. Description: Requires the secretary of the Department of Environmental Quality to establish a voluntary environmental self-audit program
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the workers' compensation claims office requirement for insurers issuing such policies in Louisiana. Description: Provides relative to the workers' compensation claims office requirement for insurers issuing such policies in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the suspension or deferral of sentence and probation in felony cases (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the suspension or deferral of sentence and probation in felony cases (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to treatment facilities for mental health patients. Description: Provides relative to treatment facilities for mental health patients
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to prescription. Description: Provides relative to prescription
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to qualification of jurors. Description: Provides relative to qualification of jurors
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a literacy program for certain public school students (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates a literacy program for certain public school students (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the composition of a parish executive committee of a recognized political party in Lafayette Parish. Description: Provides relative to the composition of a parish executive committee of a recognized political party in Lafayette Parish
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to administrative adjudication of certain ordinance violations in the city of Monroe. Description: Provides relative to administrative adjudication of certain ordinance violations in the city of Monroe
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the amount paid for a person who has been wrongfully convicted (REC INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Increases the amount paid for a person who has been wrongfully convicted (REC INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts the Iberia Parish Airport Authority from the public lease law applicable to certain properties. Description: Exempts the Iberia Parish Airport Authority from the public lease law applicable to certain properties
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends authority for imposition of certain fees levied by the Louisiana Tax Commission for the assessment of certain properties (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Extends authority for imposition of certain fees levied by the Louisiana Tax Commission for the assessment of certain properties (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Redesignates a portion of Louisiana Highway 3094 in Shreveport as the "Rev. Dr. Elbert W. 'Eddie' Giles Memorial Highway". Description: Redesignates a portion of Louisiana Highway 3094 in Shreveport as the "Rev. Dr. Elbert W. 'Eddie' Giles Memorial Highway"
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of United States Highway 425 in the town of Mangham as the "Marshall Waters, Jr. Memorial Highway". Description: Designates a portion of United States Highway 425 in the town of Mangham as the "Marshall Waters, Jr. Memorial Highway"
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 173 in Caddo Parish as the "Coach Carl Pierson Memorial Highway". Description: Designates a portion of Louisiana Highway 173 in Caddo Parish as the "Coach Carl Pierson Memorial Highway"
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the composition of the Louisiana Board of Animal Health and its regulatory authority over the disposal of livestock animal carcasses. Description: Provides relative to the composition of the Louisiana Board of Animal Health and its regulatory authority over the disposal of livestock animal carcasses
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Amends the rights and powers of the Caddo-Bossier Parishes Port Commission. Description: Amends the rights and powers of the Caddo-Bossier Parishes Port Commission
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to pleas of guilty or nolo contendere in felony cases. Description: Provides relative to pleas of guilty or nolo contendere in felony cases
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to in forma pauperis proceedings. Description: Provides with respect to in forma pauperis proceedings
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for administrative adjudication procedures in Tangipahoa Parish. Description: Provides for administrative adjudication procedures in Tangipahoa Parish
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows the spouse of a public servant to be employed by a person who has or who is seeking a business or financial relationship with the agency of the public servant under specified circumstances. Description: Allows the spouse of a public servant to be employed by a person who has or who is seeking a business or financial relationship with the agency of the public servant under specified circumstances
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Old Goodwood Crime Prevention and Neighborhood Improvement District in East Baton Rouge Parish. Description: Creates the Old Goodwood Crime Prevention and Neighborhood Improvement District in East Baton Rouge Parish
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to enforcement of federal firearm laws. Description: Provides relative to enforcement of federal firearm laws
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Advisory Council on Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Description: Provides relative to the Advisory Council on Historically Black Colleges and Universities
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that airport facility plans are confidential. Description: Provides that airport facility plans are confidential
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to employees of the Shreveport police department (RE DECREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to employees of the Shreveport police department (RE DECREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides an exception to certain offenses of illegal carrying of weapons for persons with a concealed handgun permit. Description: Provides an exception to certain offenses of illegal carrying of weapons for persons with a concealed handgun permit
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the role of the Department of Children and Family Services as an indispensable party in certain domestic matters. Description: Provides relative to the role of the Department of Children and Family Services as an indispensable party in certain domestic matters
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of submitting false statements and false or altered documents in unclaimed property claims (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the crime of submitting false statements and false or altered documents in unclaimed property claims (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the powers and duties of the Cash Management Review Board with respect to financial security and cybersecurity plans and procedures adopted by state agencies, including the assessment and deployment of such plans and procedures (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the powers and duties of the Cash Management Review Board with respect to financial security and cybersecurity plans and procedures adopted by state agencies, including the assessment and deployment of such plans and procedures (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to peace officers. Description: Provides relative to peace officers
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to occupant restraint systems on school buses (RE1 INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to occupant restraint systems on school buses (RE1 INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires newly constructed public school buildings and those undergoing major plumbing renovations to be equipped with water bottle filling stations (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Requires newly constructed public school buildings and those undergoing major plumbing renovations to be equipped with water bottle filling stations (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the qualifications of one member of the municipal fire and police civil service board in the city of Zachary. Description: Provides relative to the qualifications of one member of the municipal fire and police civil service board in the city of Zachary
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the composition and authority of the Allen Parish Capital Improvements Board. Description: Provides for the composition and authority of the Allen Parish Capital Improvements Board
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the position of deputy chief of police in the city of Oakdale. Description: Provides relative to the position of deputy chief of police in the city of Oakdale
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to non-gaming economic development activities by the casino gaming operator (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to non-gaming economic development activities by the casino gaming operator (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires specified members of the parish board of election supervisors to complete annual training relative to the preparation for and conduct of elections (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Requires specified members of the parish board of election supervisors to complete annual training relative to the preparation for and conduct of elections (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the modernization of certain provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure. Description: Provides for the modernization of certain provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires persons conducting exit polls within six hundred feet of a polling place to register with the secretary of state. Description: Requires persons conducting exit polls within six hundred feet of a polling place to register with the secretary of state
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to investment authority of the treasurer (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to investment authority of the treasurer (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Limits the amount of the increase in the assessed value of certain immovable property in Orleans Parish following reassessment of property for purposes of ad valorem taxes (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Limits the amount of the increase in the assessed value of certain immovable property in Orleans Parish following reassessment of property for purposes of ad valorem taxes (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the governing board of the Acadia Parish Convention and Visitors Commission. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the governing board of the Acadia Parish Convention and Visitors Commission
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to parole (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to parole (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes an income tax credit following the delivery of a stillborn child (EN -$726,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes an income tax credit following the delivery of a stillborn child (EN -$726,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to charges collected by public license tag agents (EN GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to charges collected by public license tag agents (EN GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the continuous revision of the Code of Civil Procedure. Description: Provides for the continuous revision of the Code of Civil Procedure
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to the maximum amount of monies in certain funds that may be invested in stocks (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to the maximum amount of monies in certain funds that may be invested in stocks (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for changing the job title of school guidance counselor to school counselor. Description: Provides for changing the job title of school guidance counselor to school counselor
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the financial security of surviving spouses and children of certain firemen and law enforcement officers who suffer death by heart attack or stroke (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the financial security of surviving spouses and children of certain firemen and law enforcement officers who suffer death by heart attack or stroke (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the definition of domestic abuse. Description: Provides for the definition of domestic abuse
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Bunkie Housing Authority. Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Bunkie Housing Authority
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Simmesport Housing Authority. Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Simmesport Housing Authority
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the creation of a retirement fund for retired sheriffs and deputy sheriffs of St. James Parish (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the creation of a retirement fund for retired sheriffs and deputy sheriffs of St. James Parish (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to default judgments. Description: Provides relative to default judgments
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for removal of deceased persons from voter registration rolls (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for removal of deceased persons from voter registration rolls (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a district attorney's responsibility in an action objecting to the candidacy of a person who qualified as a candidate in a primary election. Description: Provides relative to a district attorney's responsibility in an action objecting to the candidacy of a person who qualified as a candidate in a primary election
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to reporting of students identified as having dyslexia (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to reporting of students identified as having dyslexia (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for Medicaid coverage of dental care for certain adults with developmental and intellectual disabilities (EN +$292,352 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for Medicaid coverage of dental care for certain adults with developmental and intellectual disabilities (EN +$292,352 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Municipal Natural Gas Purchasing and Distribution Authority. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Municipal Natural Gas Purchasing and Distribution Authority
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the assessment of late fees and penalties relative to certain reports and financial disclosure statements required to be filed with the Board of Ethics (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the assessment of late fees and penalties relative to certain reports and financial disclosure statements required to be filed with the Board of Ethics (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to sterilization of animals sold or released for adoption from shelters. Description: Provides relative to sterilization of animals sold or released for adoption from shelters
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Redesignates a portion of Louisiana Highway 77 in the Village of Grosse Tete as the "Veterans Memorial Highway". Description: Redesignates a portion of Louisiana Highway 77 in the Village of Grosse Tete as the "Veterans Memorial Highway"
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the requirements for officers and directors of domestic regulated entities. Description: Provides relative to the requirements for officers and directors of domestic regulated entities
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to admitting privileges for psychiatric mental health nurse practitioners. Description: Provides relative to admitting privileges for psychiatric mental health nurse practitioners
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to annual meetings of domestic insurance companies. Description: Provides relative to annual meetings of domestic insurance companies
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to state income tax withholdings on federal disaster unemployment compensation benefits and increases the maximum weekly benefit amount (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to state income tax withholdings on federal disaster unemployment compensation benefits and increases the maximum weekly benefit amount (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Act No. 259 of the 2020 Regular Session as "The Remy Hidalgo Act". Description: Designates Act No. 259 of the 2020 Regular Session as "The Remy Hidalgo Act"
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Amends laws relative to home health care. Description: Amends laws relative to home health care
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to healthcare records. Description: Provides with respect to healthcare records
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to maternity services of midwives and doulas (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to maternity services of midwives and doulas (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes credit card payment to manufacturers and wholesale dealers of alcoholic beverages. Description: Authorizes credit card payment to manufacturers and wholesale dealers of alcoholic beverages
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the office on women's health within the La. Department of Health (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the office on women's health within the La. Department of Health (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows a sheriff or deputy sheriff to purchase a duty weapon upon retirement for fair market value. Description: Allows a sheriff or deputy sheriff to purchase a duty weapon upon retirement for fair market value
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds statewide civilian emergency dispatchers to the definition of "first responders" for certain purposes. Description: Adds statewide civilian emergency dispatchers to the definition of "first responders" for certain purposes
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to occupational licenses for dependents of healthcare professionals. Description: Provides relative to occupational licenses for dependents of healthcare professionals
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to Louisiana vehicle license plates (RE INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to Louisiana vehicle license plates (RE INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for the State and Local Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Commission (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for the State and Local Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Commission (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts military survivor benefit plan payments from state individual income tax (EN -$1,500,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Exempts military survivor benefit plan payments from state individual income tax (EN -$1,500,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the delivery of Medicaid-funded services for persons with disabilities (EG1 +$292,964 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the delivery of Medicaid-funded services for persons with disabilities (EG1 +$292,964 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to public school choice (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to public school choice (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to required orientation and training of new registrars of voters (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to required orientation and training of new registrars of voters (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fees for services by constables and marshals. Description: Provides relative to fees for services by constables and marshals
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the imposition of court costs in proceedings involving children (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the imposition of court costs in proceedings involving children (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to banks and banking. Description: Provides relative to banks and banking
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the installation and use of newborn safety devices at certain infant relinquishment sites designated in the Safe Haven Law. Description: Authorizes the installation and use of newborn safety devices at certain infant relinquishment sites designated in the Safe Haven Law
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to delivery of ready-to-drink alcoholic beverages by restaurants. Description: Provides relative to delivery of ready-to-drink alcoholic beverages by restaurants
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to public works contracts. Description: Provides relative to public works contracts
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain commercial driver's license applicants (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to certain commercial driver's license applicants (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain sex offenses against minors. Description: Provides relative to certain sex offenses against minors
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Redesignates a portion of certain Louisiana highways and the Ramos Bridge on United States Highway 90. Description: Redesignates a portion of certain Louisiana highways and the Ramos Bridge on United States Highway 90
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the process by which the Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries Commission can change the daily take, possession, and size limits of certain fish in Lake D'Arbonne in Union Parish. Description: Provides relative to the process by which the Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries Commission can change the daily take, possession, and size limits of certain fish in Lake D'Arbonne in Union Parish
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to subpoena duces tecum when investigating sex offenses involving human trafficking. Description: Provides relative to subpoena duces tecum when investigating sex offenses involving human trafficking
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to restroom access for individuals with certain conditions. Description: Provides relative to restroom access for individuals with certain conditions
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to aquaculture development and the Louisiana Aquatic Chelonian Research and Promotion Board (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to aquaculture development and the Louisiana Aquatic Chelonian Research and Promotion Board (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the disposition of dogs used in dogfighting. Description: Provides relative to the disposition of dogs used in dogfighting
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to discharge and dismissals of prosecutions for misdemeanor convictions. Description: Provides relative to discharge and dismissals of prosecutions for misdemeanor convictions
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Sexual Assault Oversight Commission. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Sexual Assault Oversight Commission
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain judgeships in the Twenty-First Judicial District (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to certain judgeships in the Twenty-First Judicial District (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Louisiana Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Association Law. Description: Provides relative to Louisiana Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Association Law
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the harvesting of cypress trees on state property. Description: Provides relative to the harvesting of cypress trees on state property
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the issuance of certain identification to qualified retired law enforcement officers. Description: Provides relative to the issuance of certain identification to qualified retired law enforcement officers
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Louisiana Commission on Security for the Faith Community (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX). Description: Establishes the Louisiana Commission on Security for the Faith Community (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the regulation of pharmacy services administrative organizations. Description: Provides for the regulation of pharmacy services administrative organizations
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the storage of hydrogen in underground reservoirs and salt domes. Description: Provides relative to the storage of hydrogen in underground reservoirs and salt domes
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Decreases probation and parole fees for certain offenders (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Decreases probation and parole fees for certain offenders (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to time limitations for instituting prosecution for crimes with victims with infirmities. Description: Provides relative to time limitations for instituting prosecution for crimes with victims with infirmities
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the governance and funding of the Special School District, which provides special education services through its schools and programs (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the governance and funding of the Special School District, which provides special education services through its schools and programs (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Plantation Trace Crime Prevention and Improvement District in East Baton Rouge Parish. Description: Creates the Plantation Trace Crime Prevention and Improvement District in East Baton Rouge Parish
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to renewal of real estate licenses and timeshare registrations. Description: Provides relative to renewal of real estate licenses and timeshare registrations
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to employment for persons with disabilities (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to employment for persons with disabilities (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for technical corrections and revision of provisions of Title 36 of the Louisiana Revised Statutes. Description: Provides for technical corrections and revision of provisions of Title 36 of the Louisiana Revised Statutes
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the qualifications of the members of the municipal fire and police civil service board (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the qualifications of the members of the municipal fire and police civil service board (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for advertisement of judicial sales. Description: Provides for advertisement of judicial sales
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to penalties for unlawful use of an unmanned aircraft system (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to penalties for unlawful use of an unmanned aircraft system (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the online dispute resolution pilot project for certain cases filed in the City Court of East St. Tammany. Description: Provides relative to the online dispute resolution pilot project for certain cases filed in the City Court of East St. Tammany
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to destruction of imported food which is subject to an import ban. Description: Provides relative to destruction of imported food which is subject to an import ban
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for definitions and exemptions relative to telemedicine and telehealth. Description: Provides for definitions and exemptions relative to telemedicine and telehealth
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a Transitional Residential Pilot Program for female offenders (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for a Transitional Residential Pilot Program for female offenders (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for changes in the expenditure limit calculation (RE SEE FISC NOTE EX See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for changes in the expenditure limit calculation (RE SEE FISC NOTE EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for the rates and brackets for purposes of calculating income taxes and limits the mandatory deduction for federal income taxes paid to corporate income taxes (RE1 SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for the rates and brackets for purposes of calculating income taxes and limits the mandatory deduction for federal income taxes paid to corporate income taxes (RE1 SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for changes in the expenditure limit calculation (EG SEE FISC NOTE EX See Note). Description: Provides for changes in the expenditure limit calculation (EG SEE FISC NOTE EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reduces the tax rates for purposes of calculating individual income tax liability and calculating the tax liability of estates and trusts and eliminates and modifies certain income tax deductions (EN -$600,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Reduces the tax rates for purposes of calculating individual income tax liability and calculating the tax liability of estates and trusts and eliminates and modifies certain income tax deductions (EN -$600,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Vista Park Crime Prevention District in Orleans Parish. Description: Creates the Vista Park Crime Prevention District in Orleans Parish
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to program administration and school eligibility for Student Scholarships for Educational Excellence Program (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to program administration and school eligibility for Student Scholarships for Educational Excellence Program (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals reporting requirements related to commercial motor vehicle policies. Description: Repeals reporting requirements related to commercial motor vehicle policies
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to securities lending (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to securities lending (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the amount a time a person may remain in a voting machine. Description: Provides relative to the amount a time a person may remain in a voting machine
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the period for early voting prior to election day in presidential elections (EN +$408,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Extends the period for early voting prior to election day in presidential elections (EN +$408,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the effective date of certain provisions regarding the financial obligations of criminal offenders (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the effective date of certain provisions regarding the financial obligations of criminal offenders (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reduces corporate income tax rates and brackets and repeals the income tax deduction for federal income taxes paid for purposes of calculating corporate income tax (EN +$29,200,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Reduces corporate income tax rates and brackets and repeals the income tax deduction for federal income taxes paid for purposes of calculating corporate income tax (EN +$29,200,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the rate of corporation income tax (RE -$56,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the rate of corporation income tax (RE -$56,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Class C retail permits. Description: Provides relative to Class C retail permits
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to mayor's courts providing notice (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to mayor's courts providing notice (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to stockholders' meetings and use of remote communication. Description: Provides relative to stockholders' meetings and use of remote communication
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes an income tax credit for certain funeral and burial expenses for certain pregnancy-related deaths (EN -$75,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes an income tax credit for certain funeral and burial expenses for certain pregnancy-related deaths (EN -$75,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to constructive surrender and non-warrant surrender. Description: Provides relative to constructive surrender and non-warrant surrender
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for coordinating data in order to evaluate the early childhood care and education network, prioritizing the provision of related services and funds, and creating a program to provide instructional materials for home use (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for coordinating data in order to evaluate the early childhood care and education network, prioritizing the provision of related services and funds, and creating a program to provide instructional materials for home use (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides an exception to allow an immediate family member of a local school board member to be employed as a certified school bus operator. Description: Provides an exception to allow an immediate family member of a local school board member to be employed as a certified school bus operator
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to notary examination preparatory education and instruction reporting requirements. Description: Provides relative to notary examination preparatory education and instruction reporting requirements
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to criminal history review with respect to teacher certification (RE INCREASE See Note). Description: Provides relative to criminal history review with respect to teacher certification (RE INCREASE See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for an exception to the prohibition on political activity by members of civil service systems. Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for an exception to the prohibition on political activity by members of civil service systems
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds mucopolysaccharidosis type I and glycogen storage disorder type II to the state's newborn screening panel (EN +$187,717 GF EX See Note). Description: Adds mucopolysaccharidosis type I and glycogen storage disorder type II to the state's newborn screening panel (EN +$187,717 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a fee to support testing and monitoring for harmful substances in imported seafood (EN +$7,500 SD RV See Note). Description: Establishes a fee to support testing and monitoring for harmful substances in imported seafood (EN +$7,500 SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the sharing of limited student information for the purpose of administering certain federal food assistance programs and for certain postsecondary education purposes. Description: Provides for the sharing of limited student information for the purpose of administering certain federal food assistance programs and for certain postsecondary education purposes
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the selection of architectural and engineering services. Description: Provides relative to the selection of architectural and engineering services
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the procedure of arrest of persons with minor or dependent children (EN +$56,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides with respect to the procedure of arrest of persons with minor or dependent children (EN +$56,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to advanced esthetics. Description: Provides relative to advanced esthetics
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Changes age of a child who may accompany a parent or legal guardian into a voting machine. Description: Changes age of a child who may accompany a parent or legal guardian into a voting machine
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the number of commissioners for the presidential preference primary election (EN +$1,449,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Increases the number of commissioners for the presidential preference primary election (EN +$1,449,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the exchange of certain property between the University of Louisiana System and the City of Lafayette. Description: Provides relative to the exchange of certain property between the University of Louisiana System and the City of Lafayette
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the applicability of certain lease terms to the Shreveport Downtown Airport. Description: Provides relative to the applicability of certain lease terms to the Shreveport Downtown Airport
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the applicability of certain lease terms to the Vivian Municipal Airport (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the applicability of certain lease terms to the Vivian Municipal Airport (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the parcel fee imposed within the Upper Audubon Security District in Orleans Parish (EN +$6,000 LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the parcel fee imposed within the Upper Audubon Security District in Orleans Parish (EN +$6,000 LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes St. Tammany Parish to require testing for secondary contaminants in drinking water. Description: Authorizes St. Tammany Parish to require testing for secondary contaminants in drinking water
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Regional Maintenance and Improvement Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Regional Maintenance and Improvement Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the procedures for sheriff's sales of property. Description: Provides relative to the procedures for sheriff's sales of property
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to office of motor vehicle fees for Calcasieu Parish. Description: Provides relative to office of motor vehicle fees for Calcasieu Parish
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the song "Southern Nights" by Allen Toussaint as the official state cultural song. Description: Designates the song "Southern Nights" by Allen Toussaint as the official state cultural song
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to required instruction in American history and civics in public schools (REF INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to required instruction in American history and civics in public schools (REF INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Modifies the definition of autocycle applicable to the operator's helmet exemption and driver's license endorsement requirement. Description: Modifies the definition of autocycle applicable to the operator's helmet exemption and driver's license endorsement requirement
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits schools from being members of or participating in athletic competitions sponsored by an association that is not audited by the legislative auditor (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Prohibits schools from being members of or participating in athletic competitions sponsored by an association that is not audited by the legislative auditor (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires reporting of certain information relating to minors who undergo abortions (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requires reporting of certain information relating to minors who undergo abortions (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Online Judge Pilot Program (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Online Judge Pilot Program (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to solicitors (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to solicitors (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the registration of short-term rental dwellings with the office of state fire marshal (EG1 INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the registration of short-term rental dwellings with the office of state fire marshal (EG1 INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates an individual income tax checkoff for the La. State University Agricultural Center Grant Walker Educational Center (4-H Camp Grant Walker) (EN NO IMPACT SG RV See Note). Description: Creates an individual income tax checkoff for the La. State University Agricultural Center Grant Walker Educational Center (4-H Camp Grant Walker) (EN NO IMPACT SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Protect Wild Dolphins special prestige license plates. Description: Provides relative to the Protect Wild Dolphins special prestige license plates
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the compensation of school bus operators (RE INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the compensation of school bus operators (RE INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the exchange of state property in Caddo, Sabine, Richland, and Morehouse Parishes for property in Ouachita Parish. Description: Authorizes the exchange of state property in Caddo, Sabine, Richland, and Morehouse Parishes for property in Ouachita Parish
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to required instruction in elementary and secondary schools on the health risks of vapor products (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to required instruction in elementary and secondary schools on the health risks of vapor products (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for additional living expenses and fair rental value coverages under residential insurance policies. Description: Provides for additional living expenses and fair rental value coverages under residential insurance policies
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Establishes certain property tax exemptions for capital investment projects (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Establishes certain property tax exemptions for capital investment projects (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the violation of municipal building code ordinances and regulations in the city of New Orleans. Description: Provides relative to the violation of municipal building code ordinances and regulations in the city of New Orleans
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes an exception to public records requirements for certain information by the secretary of state. Description: Establishes an exception to public records requirements for certain information by the secretary of state
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to residential lease applications. Description: Provides relative to residential lease applications
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to sexual assault victims as parties to certain residential lease agreements. Description: Provides relative to sexual assault victims as parties to certain residential lease agreements
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to registration and voting by a person with a felony conviction. Description: Provides relative to registration and voting by a person with a felony conviction
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for liability for damages caused by sexual assault. Description: Provides for liability for damages caused by sexual assault
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to employer's unemployment compensation contribution rates. Description: Provides relative to employer's unemployment compensation contribution rates
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to motor vehicle accident reports. Description: Provides relative to motor vehicle accident reports
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Amends the definition of "caretaker" in laws pertaining to child in need of care proceedings. Description: Amends the definition of "caretaker" in laws pertaining to child in need of care proceedings
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the removal of abandoned manufactured housing units. Description: Provides for the removal of abandoned manufactured housing units
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to appointment of special masters in certain civil actions arising within a parish included in a major disaster declaration (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to appointment of special masters in certain civil actions arising within a parish included in a major disaster declaration (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to network leasing by dental insurers (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to network leasing by dental insurers (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the preparation and verification process of absentee and early voting ballots prior to election day (EN +$129,600 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the preparation and verification process of absentee and early voting ballots prior to election day (EN +$129,600 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the discharge or use of Class B fire fighting foam containing fluorinated organic chemicals. Description: Provides relative to the discharge or use of Class B fire fighting foam containing fluorinated organic chemicals
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the recommendation of medical marijuana in raw or crude form and limits the dispensing of such product. Description: Authorizes the recommendation of medical marijuana in raw or crude form and limits the dispensing of such product
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the criminal court fund in DeSoto Parish (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the criminal court fund in DeSoto Parish (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Allows any wine producer or manufacturer to sell sparkling and still wine on or off premises and ship directly to a consumer (EG1 NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Allows any wine producer or manufacturer to sell sparkling and still wine on or off premises and ship directly to a consumer (EG1 NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires postsecondary education institutions to post reports relative to campus security policies and campus crime statistics on their websites (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Requires postsecondary education institutions to post reports relative to campus security policies and campus crime statistics on their websites (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the unlawful posting of criminal activity (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the unlawful posting of criminal activity (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fees for services by constables and marshals. Description: Provides relative to fees for services by constables and marshals
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to public health programs and services related to Alzheimer's disease and other dementias. Description: Provides relative to public health programs and services related to Alzheimer's disease and other dementias
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates an occupational licensing board review program within the office of the attorney general (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Creates an occupational licensing board review program within the office of the attorney general (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the partition of property. Description: Provides relative to the partition of property
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to lifetime livestock brand recordation and fees. Description: Provides relative to lifetime livestock brand recordation and fees
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to compensation for members of the planning and zoning commission for the town of Brusly. Description: Provides relative to compensation for members of the planning and zoning commission for the town of Brusly
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the presence of the defendant in misdemeanor prosecutions. Description: Provides relative to the presence of the defendant in misdemeanor prosecutions
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to campus safety and accountability (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to campus safety and accountability (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the Louisiana State University Board of Supervisors to impose course fees associated with the aviation program at Louisiana State University at Alexandria (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Authorizes the Louisiana State University Board of Supervisors to impose course fees associated with the aviation program at Louisiana State University at Alexandria (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to student discipline (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to student discipline (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the reemployment of employees who have resigned or retired from the classified service due to injury or medical condition (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the reemployment of employees who have resigned or retired from the classified service due to injury or medical condition (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of North Causeway Boulevard in St. Tammany Parish as the "Captain Vincent N. Liberto, Jr., Memorial Overpass". Description: Designates a portion of North Causeway Boulevard in St. Tammany Parish as the "Captain Vincent N. Liberto, Jr., Memorial Overpass"
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the creation of tourism recovery and improvement districts (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the creation of tourism recovery and improvement districts (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requires instruction regarding World War II and the Holocaust for high school students and training for teachers relative to such instruction (RE1 NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requires instruction regarding World War II and the Holocaust for high school students and training for teachers relative to such instruction (RE1 NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes public school governing authorities to establish learning pods for the purpose of providing small group instruction for students enrolled in public schools. Description: Authorizes public school governing authorities to establish learning pods for the purpose of providing small group instruction for students enrolled in public schools
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the Reentry Advisory Council. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the Reentry Advisory Council
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes requirements concerning reports of abortions performed or induced (EN GF EX See Note). Description: Establishes requirements concerning reports of abortions performed or induced (EN GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Allows full practice authority for advanced practice registered nurses. Description: Allows full practice authority for advanced practice registered nurses
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes income tax incentives for taxpayers related to fostering and adopting certain infants and children (EN -$687,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes income tax incentives for taxpayers related to fostering and adopting certain infants and children (EN -$687,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits the use of federally declared disaster funds for increases in recurring state expenditures (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Prohibits the use of federally declared disaster funds for increases in recurring state expenditures (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the officer's bill of rights. Description: Provides relative to the officer's bill of rights
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to video draw poker devices. Description: Provides relative to video draw poker devices
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals requirements for the Department of Insurance to maintain a central database for contact information on life insurance policies in force in the state. Description: Repeals requirements for the Department of Insurance to maintain a central database for contact information on life insurance policies in force in the state
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to enforcement of the state uniform construction code. Description: Provides relative to enforcement of the state uniform construction code
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for individual income tax credits for donations made to school tuition organizations (EG1 -$705,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for individual income tax credits for donations made to school tuition organizations (EG1 -$705,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Changes the sound recording investor tax credit earned by a qualified music company into a refundable tax credit (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Changes the sound recording investor tax credit earned by a qualified music company into a refundable tax credit (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates and provides for the office of the state Americans with Disabilities Act coordinator within the division of administration (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates and provides for the office of the state Americans with Disabilities Act coordinator within the division of administration (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to employment in intermediate care facilities on nonlicensed persons convicted of certain offenses. Description: Provides relative to employment in intermediate care facilities on nonlicensed persons convicted of certain offenses
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the reduction of a child support obligation during the obligor's incarceration. Description: Provides relative to the reduction of a child support obligation during the obligor's incarceration
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Manufactured Housing Commission. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Manufactured Housing Commission
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for discounts and insurance rate reductions for residential and commercial buildings built to, or retrofitted to, reduce the threat of loss due to windstorm events. Description: Provides for discounts and insurance rate reductions for residential and commercial buildings built to, or retrofitted to, reduce the threat of loss due to windstorm events
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a domestic violence fatality review team within the Louisiana Department of Health (EN +$160,823 GF EX See Note). Description: Creates a domestic violence fatality review team within the Louisiana Department of Health (EN +$160,823 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to a program of hospital assessments and intergovernmental transfers for health services financing (EG INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to a program of hospital assessments and intergovernmental transfers for health services financing (EG INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to protection of employee data submitted to Louisiana Economic Development as a condition of business incentive program verification. Description: Provides relative to protection of employee data submitted to Louisiana Economic Development as a condition of business incentive program verification
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for claims adjusters. Description: Provides for claims adjusters
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the reporting and sharing of occupational information and employment information (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the reporting and sharing of occupational information and employment information (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Rare Disease Advisory Council within the Louisiana Department of Health (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Establishes the Rare Disease Advisory Council within the Louisiana Department of Health (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to violations by facilities licensed in accordance with the Specialized Provider Licensing Act. Description: Provides relative to violations by facilities licensed in accordance with the Specialized Provider Licensing Act
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the tax on surplus lines and unauthorized insurance (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the tax on surplus lines and unauthorized insurance (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for ad valorem tax exemptions for certain capital investment projects (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for ad valorem tax exemptions for certain capital investment projects (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the leasing of the 4.9 GHz band (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the leasing of the 4.9 GHz band (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to extension of medicaid coverage for an individual experiencing postpartum (RE +$738,954 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to extension of medicaid coverage for an individual experiencing postpartum (RE +$738,954 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the age limitations to purchase vapor products (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the age limitations to purchase vapor products (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the La. State Board of Examiners of Psychologists to implement fees for certain services (EN +$78,750 SG RV See Note). Description: Authorizes the La. State Board of Examiners of Psychologists to implement fees for certain services (EN +$78,750 SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates a regulatory sandbox program within the office of financial institutions (RE INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Creates a regulatory sandbox program within the office of financial institutions (RE INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to non-competition agreements for physicians. Description: Provides relative to non-competition agreements for physicians
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the ancillary expenses of state government. Description: Provides for the ancillary expenses of state government
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to deficit avoidance procedures (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides relative to deficit avoidance procedures (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides an exception to allow certain public servants and related persons and legal entities to enter into certain transactions with the public servant's agency regarding specified property under certain circumstances. Description: Provides an exception to allow certain public servants and related persons and legal entities to enter into certain transactions with the public servant's agency regarding specified property under certain circumstances
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the prescriptive period for certain actions for abuse of a minor. Description: Provides relative to the prescriptive period for certain actions for abuse of a minor
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to dealer warranty compensation. Description: Provides relative to dealer warranty compensation
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the "West Feliciana Parish Schools" and the "En franais S.V.P" specialty license plate. Description: Creates the "West Feliciana Parish Schools" and the "En franais S.V.P" specialty license plate
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Increases the amount of the net operating loss deduction (RE -$20,300,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Increases the amount of the net operating loss deduction (RE -$20,300,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for electronic filing in criminal cases. Description: Provides for electronic filing in criminal cases
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to budgetary operations and funding for the Department of Transportation and Development (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to budgetary operations and funding for the Department of Transportation and Development (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the dedication of certain vehicle sales and use taxes (EN -$296,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the dedication of certain vehicle sales and use taxes (EN -$296,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the transfer, deposit, and use of monies among state funds. Description: Provides for the transfer, deposit, and use of monies among state funds
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2020-2021. Description: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2020-2021
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the limitation of civil liability for agents, contractors, and representatives of proprietors. Description: Provides for the limitation of civil liability for agents, contractors, and representatives of proprietors
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to partitions of property. Description: Provides relative to partitions of property
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to processing of reports of child abuse and neglect by the Dept. of Children and Family Services. Description: Provides relative to processing of reports of child abuse and neglect by the Dept. of Children and Family Services
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Excludes certain products from the excise tax levied on tobacco (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Excludes certain products from the excise tax levied on tobacco (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Board of Massage Therapy. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Board of Massage Therapy
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the contract limit for certain common carrier certificate requirements for movers of household goods. Description: Provides relative to the contract limit for certain common carrier certificate requirements for movers of household goods
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the geographic location for the taking of menhaden (EG1 NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the geographic location for the taking of menhaden (EG1 NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to sanctions for a lapse in required liability security (RR -$550,000 RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to sanctions for a lapse in required liability security (RR -$550,000 RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the central computer monitoring system of electronic gaming devices located at certain gaming facilities (EN -$249,286 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the central computer monitoring system of electronic gaming devices located at certain gaming facilities (EN -$249,286 SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the period for which the Comite River is exempt from certain provisions of the Louisiana Scenic Rivers Act. Description: Extends the period for which the Comite River is exempt from certain provisions of the Louisiana Scenic Rivers Act
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Department of Transportation and Development and the State Highway Improvement Fund for the expenditure of money (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Department of Transportation and Development and the State Highway Improvement Fund for the expenditure of money (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the operation of a motor vehicle while using wireless telecommunication devices (RE1 See Note). Description: Provides relative to the operation of a motor vehicle while using wireless telecommunication devices (RE1 See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Modifies definitions relative to hazardous materials reporting under the Right-to-Know Law (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Modifies definitions relative to hazardous materials reporting under the Right-to-Know Law (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to duplicate driver's licenses and identification cards (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Provides relative to duplicate driver's licenses and identification cards (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for Revenue Sharing Distribution for Fiscal Year 2021-2022. Description: Provides for Revenue Sharing Distribution for Fiscal Year 2021-2022
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Juneteenth as a state holiday. Description: Designates Juneteenth as a state holiday
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates and provides for a program to provide state funding for the education of students not enrolled in public school (RR1 INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates and provides for a program to provide state funding for the education of students not enrolled in public school (RR1 INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the dates of congressional elections and for the certification of congressional candidates elected at such elections. Description: Provides for the dates of congressional elections and for the certification of congressional candidates elected at such elections
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in East Baton Rouge Parish. Description: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in East Baton Rouge Parish
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the issuance of summons by an officer in lieu of arrest. Description: Provides relative to the issuance of summons by an officer in lieu of arrest
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits certain post employment restraints on the practice of medicine on physicians employed by the state (EG SEE FISC NOTE OF EX). Description: Prohibits certain post employment restraints on the practice of medicine on physicians employed by the state (EG SEE FISC NOTE OF EX)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Dedicates a portion of the taxes collected on certain surplus lines of insurance (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Dedicates a portion of the taxes collected on certain surplus lines of insurance (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for payment enhancements to compensate nonemergency medical transportation providers for cost increases in that industry (EG1 +$1,045,080 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for payment enhancements to compensate nonemergency medical transportation providers for cost increases in that industry (EG1 +$1,045,080 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Carbon Dioxide Geologic Storage Trust Fund (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Carbon Dioxide Geologic Storage Trust Fund (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the administration, review, and adjudication of ad valorem tax assessments (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for the administration, review, and adjudication of ad valorem tax assessments (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fees dedicated to the operational costs of the office of the coroner in Concordia Parish (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to fees dedicated to the operational costs of the office of the coroner in Concordia Parish (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to reserves for insurers. Description: Provides relative to reserves for insurers
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to residential flood coverage. Description: Provides relative to residential flood coverage
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to disclosure of certain information relative to abortion pill reversal. Description: Provides relative to disclosure of certain information relative to abortion pill reversal
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes revisions to the Louisiana Election Code (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Makes revisions to the Louisiana Election Code (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds the crime of false imprisonment while armed with a dangerous weapon to the list of crimes of violence. Description: Adds the crime of false imprisonment while armed with a dangerous weapon to the list of crimes of violence
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Appropriates funds for the expenses of the judiciary for Fiscal Year 2021-2022. Description: Appropriates funds for the expenses of the judiciary for Fiscal Year 2021-2022
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to homeowner's insurance claims settlement practices. Description: Provides relative to homeowner's insurance claims settlement practices
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Office of the State Public Defender and Justice Investment and provides for the relocation of certain court-related service providers and related funding (RE SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Creates the Office of the State Public Defender and Justice Investment and provides for the relocation of certain court-related service providers and related funding (RE SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the regulation of unmanned aerial and aircrafts systems and the Louisiana Drone Advisory Committee. Description: Provides relative to the regulation of unmanned aerial and aircrafts systems and the Louisiana Drone Advisory Committee
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to civil involuntary outpatient treatment for persons suffering from mental illness. Description: Provides relative to civil involuntary outpatient treatment for persons suffering from mental illness
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the board of the Capital Area Groundwater Conservation District to assess fees for capital expenditures and nonpayment (EN +$10,900 LF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes the board of the Capital Area Groundwater Conservation District to assess fees for capital expenditures and nonpayment (EN +$10,900 LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for certain claims settlement practices. Description: Provides for certain claims settlement practices
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to passing a parked emergency vehicle. Description: Provides relative to passing a parked emergency vehicle
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to reimbursement rates for certain ventilation treatments. Description: Provides relative to reimbursement rates for certain ventilation treatments
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the payment of health insurance claims prior to the credentialing of a healthcare provider. Description: Provides for the payment of health insurance claims prior to the credentialing of a healthcare provider
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the concealed carrying of firearms (RE1 DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the concealed carrying of firearms (RE1 DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Exempts certain property belonging to Lafayette and Lafayette Parish from third party transfer requirements. Description: Exempts certain property belonging to Lafayette and Lafayette Parish from third party transfer requirements
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the pelicans specialty license plate. Description: Creates the pelicans specialty license plate
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to expungement of records (RR1 INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to expungement of records (RR1 INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Department of Transportation and Development design-build contracts. Description: Provides for the Department of Transportation and Development design-build contracts
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the joint legislative committee on technology and cybersecurity. Description: Provides relative to the joint legislative committee on technology and cybersecurity
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for $100,000 death benefit for an employee of the Department of Transportation and Development who is killed in a hazardous situation in the course and scope of his employment (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides for $100,000 death benefit for an employee of the Department of Transportation and Development who is killed in a hazardous situation in the course and scope of his employment (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides with respect to liability for peace officers engaged in certain actions. Description: Provides with respect to liability for peace officers engaged in certain actions
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to fiscal intermediary services contracts in state information technology procurement (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Provides with respect to fiscal intermediary services contracts in state information technology procurement (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the sharing of certain student data (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the sharing of certain student data (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the issuance of identification cards (EN +$1,000,000 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the issuance of identification cards (EN +$1,000,000 SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the office of rural development and the Rural Development Program (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the office of rural development and the Rural Development Program (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Changes the composition of the Avoyelles Parish Port Commission. Description: Changes the composition of the Avoyelles Parish Port Commission
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in St. Martin Parish. Description: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in St. Martin Parish
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Cypress-Black Bayou Recreation and Water Conservation District. Description: Provides relative to the Cypress-Black Bayou Recreation and Water Conservation District
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes a special permit to include a divisible load (RE INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Authorizes a special permit to include a divisible load (RE INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to ignition interlock devices and maintenance services (RE1 INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to ignition interlock devices and maintenance services (RE1 INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to core curriculum requirements for TOPS (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to core curriculum requirements for TOPS (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain motor vehicle transactions (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to certain motor vehicle transactions (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to infrastructure funding (EN -$400,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to infrastructure funding (EN -$400,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to industrial hemp (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to industrial hemp (EN INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the disbursement of monies received from the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (EN NO IMPACT SD EX See Note). Description: Provides for the disbursement of monies received from the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (EN NO IMPACT SD EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the dedication of state lands to the Recreation and Park Commission for the Parish of East Baton Rouge (BREC). Description: Provides relative to the dedication of state lands to the Recreation and Park Commission for the Parish of East Baton Rouge (BREC)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Delta Agriculture Research and Sustainability District (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF See Note). Description: Creates the Delta Agriculture Research and Sustainability District (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a grant program to be administered by the office of broadband development and connectivity in the division of administration (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Establishes a grant program to be administered by the office of broadband development and connectivity in the division of administration (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the repurchase of certain mechanical equipment by a wholesaler. Description: Provides relative to the repurchase of certain mechanical equipment by a wholesaler
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to river port and steamship pilots. Description: Provides relative to river port and steamship pilots
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to penalties for possession of marijuana (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to penalties for possession of marijuana (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for voting and voting processes and procedures, including provisions relative to the standards, requirement, and acquisition of voting machines and systems. Description: Provides for voting and voting processes and procedures, including provisions relative to the standards, requirement, and acquisition of voting machines and systems
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the designation of highway safety corridors by the Department of Transportation and Development and the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development. Description: Provides relative to the designation of highway safety corridors by the Department of Transportation and Development and the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the removal of criminal penalties and reclassification of certain wildlife violations and provides for enforcement and recovery of civil fines by the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries (EN +$1,145,563 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for the removal of criminal penalties and reclassification of certain wildlife violations and provides for enforcement and recovery of civil fines by the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries (EN +$1,145,563 SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of Interstate 220 in Shreveport and Caddo Parish as the "Minnion Dewayne Jackson Memorial Overpass". Description: Designates a portion of Interstate 220 in Shreveport and Caddo Parish as the "Minnion Dewayne Jackson Memorial Overpass"
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Exempts oil production of certain orphaned wells from severance tax (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Exempts oil production of certain orphaned wells from severance tax (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes an increase in certain fees collected by the Department of Environmental Quality (EN +$2,003,044 SG RV See Note). Description: Authorizes an increase in certain fees collected by the Department of Environmental Quality (EN +$2,003,044 SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fees dedicated to the operational costs of the office of the coroner in certain parishes (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to fees dedicated to the operational costs of the office of the coroner in certain parishes (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the reemployment of retirees. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the reemployment of retirees. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Louisiana work opportunity tax credit (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the Louisiana work opportunity tax credit (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Sewerage and Water Board of New Orleans. Description: Provides relative to the Sewerage and Water Board of New Orleans
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Louisiana Youth Jobs Tax Credit Program and tax credits for the employment of eligible apprentices (EN -$1,200,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes the Louisiana Youth Jobs Tax Credit Program and tax credits for the employment of eligible apprentices (EN -$1,200,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the powers, duties, functions, and responsibilities of the Teche-Vermilion Freshwater District. Description: Provides relative to the powers, duties, functions, and responsibilities of the Teche-Vermilion Freshwater District
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to credit unions. Description: Provides relative to credit unions
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fee increases for the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries (EN +$16,611,750 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to fee increases for the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries (EN +$16,611,750 SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations for the expenses of the legislature for Fiscal Year 2021-2022. Description: Makes appropriations for the expenses of the legislature for Fiscal Year 2021-2022
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for sports wagering (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for sports wagering (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to solid waste permitted capacity. Description: Provides relative to solid waste permitted capacity
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Department of Transportation and Development's authority over high-occupancy vehicle lanes on state highways (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Department of Transportation and Development's authority over high-occupancy vehicle lanes on state highways (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a referendum in St. Tammany Parish regarding riverboat gaming (EN SEE FISC NOTE RV See Note). Description: Provides for a referendum in St. Tammany Parish regarding riverboat gaming (EN SEE FISC NOTE RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of genetic information in underwriting for life and long-term care insurance. Description: Provides relative to the use of genetic information in underwriting for life and long-term care insurance
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the misclassification of employees and a criteria for the classification of employees (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the misclassification of employees and a criteria for the classification of employees (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to microwineries. Description: Provides relative to microwineries
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to employment discrimination (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to employment discrimination (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the posting of bail. Description: Provides relative to the posting of bail
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the chief of police in the village of Dodson. Description: Provides relative to the chief of police in the village of Dodson
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Eliminates certain aggregate campaign contribution limitations. (8/1/21). Description: Eliminates certain aggregate campaign contribution limitations. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Excludes amounts deposited into certain education savings accounts for tuition expenses for elementary and secondary schools from state income tax. (1/1/22) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Excludes amounts deposited into certain education savings accounts for tuition expenses for elementary and secondary schools from state income tax. (1/1/22) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts purchases of utilities used by commercial farmers for on-farm storage from state sales and use tax. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Exempts purchases of utilities used by commercial farmers for on-farm storage from state sales and use tax. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Accelerates the sunset date for the tax credit for the conversion of alternative fuel vehicles. (7/1/21) (EN +$478,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Accelerates the sunset date for the tax credit for the conversion of alternative fuel vehicles. (7/1/21) (EN +$478,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to continuous revision of the Children's Code. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to continuous revision of the Children's Code. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for mandatory kindergarten attendance and requires compulsory school attendance beginning at age five. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for mandatory kindergarten attendance and requires compulsory school attendance beginning at age five. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides an individual and corporation income tax exemption for state and federal COVID-19 relief benefits. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides an individual and corporation income tax exemption for state and federal COVID-19 relief benefits. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a retired clerks and clerk's employees insurance fund for the Orleans Parish Clerk of Civil District Court. (8/1/21). Description: Creates a retired clerks and clerk's employees insurance fund for the Orleans Parish Clerk of Civil District Court. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows upgrade of accrual rate applicable to transferred service credit. (gov sig) (2/3 - CA10s29(F)) (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Allows upgrade of accrual rate applicable to transferred service credit. (gov sig) (2/3 - CA10s29(F)) (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts certain unclaimed property information from the Public Records Law. (8/1/21). Description: Exempts certain unclaimed property information from the Public Records Law. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to purchase of telecommunication and video equipment or services by state agencies. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to purchase of telecommunication and video equipment or services by state agencies. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the purchase of service and salary credit for members furloughed due to COVID-19. (2/3 - CA10s29(F)) (gov sig) (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides for the purchase of service and salary credit for members furloughed due to COVID-19. (2/3 - CA10s29(F)) (gov sig) (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides certain enhanced survivor benefits and insurance coverage for the spouses and children of members killed in the line of duty.. Description: Provides certain enhanced survivor benefits and insurance coverage for the spouses and children of members killed in the line of duty.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides a minimum benefit increase for certain retirees, beneficiaries, and survivors of the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana, Louisiana State Employees' Retirement System, Louisiana School Employees' Retirement System, and State Police Retirement System. (6/30/21) (2/3 CA10s29(F)) (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides a minimum benefit increase for certain retirees, beneficiaries, and survivors of the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana, Louisiana State Employees' Retirement System, Louisiana School Employees' Retirement System, and State Police Retirement System. (6/30/21) (2/3 CA10s29(F)) (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the Forked Island Bridge over the Intracoastal Waterway on Louisiana Highway 82 in Vermilion Parish as the "Rose Ashy Broussard Memorial Bridge". (8/1/21) (EN +$1,100 SG EX See Note). Description: Designates the Forked Island Bridge over the Intracoastal Waterway on Louisiana Highway 82 in Vermilion Parish as the "Rose Ashy Broussard Memorial Bridge". (8/1/21) (EN +$1,100 SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to military and veteran friendly postsecondary education policies. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to military and veteran friendly postsecondary education policies. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in Orleans Parish. (gov sig). Description: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in Orleans Parish. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the commissioner of insurance to take certain actions relative to insurance during a declared emergency. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Authorizes the commissioner of insurance to take certain actions relative to insurance during a declared emergency. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides an exemption from state individual income tax for digital nomads. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides an exemption from state individual income tax for digital nomads. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals the exclusion of certain agricultural products authorized to be sampled and analyzed by the commissioner of agriculture. (gov sig). Description: Repeals the exclusion of certain agricultural products authorized to be sampled and analyzed by the commissioner of agriculture. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for responsibilities of law enforcement officers while interacting with the public. (8/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for responsibilities of law enforcement officers while interacting with the public. (8/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to net operating loss deductions on Louisiana corporation income. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to net operating loss deductions on Louisiana corporation income. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for designation of certain state highways. (8/1/21) (EN +$3,300 SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for designation of certain state highways. (8/1/21) (EN +$3,300 SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the terms of the members of the Louisiana Behavior Analyst Board. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to the terms of the members of the Louisiana Behavior Analyst Board. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the repeal of insurance company deposit requirements. (7/1/21). Description: Provides with respect to the repeal of insurance company deposit requirements. (7/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires notices of reinstatement of a casualty policy to go to all relevant parties. (1/1/22). Description: Requires notices of reinstatement of a casualty policy to go to all relevant parties. (1/1/22)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the sunset date for Ports of Louisiana tax credits. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Extends the sunset date for Ports of Louisiana tax credits. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the amount of compensation excluded from tax table income for certain active duty members of the armed forces. (gov sig) (EN -$3,800,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Increases the amount of compensation excluded from tax table income for certain active duty members of the armed forces. (gov sig) (EN -$3,800,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to continuing education requirements imposed by the Louisiana Board of Hearing Aid Dealers. (1/1/22). Description: Provides relative to continuing education requirements imposed by the Louisiana Board of Hearing Aid Dealers. (1/1/22)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to determination of ownership of a domestic animal. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to determination of ownership of a domestic animal. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for payment of certain group insurance costs by Livingston Parish sheriff. (8/1/21). Description: Provides for payment of certain group insurance costs by Livingston Parish sheriff. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Orleans Parish Civil District Court judicial building fund. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the Orleans Parish Civil District Court judicial building fund. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to hurricane, named storm, and wind and hail deductibles. (1/1/22) (RE NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to hurricane, named storm, and wind and hail deductibles. (1/1/22) (RE NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the functions of the jury commission in Franklin Parish. (8/1/21). Description: Provides for the functions of the jury commission in Franklin Parish. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the identification of certain impounded animals. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the identification of certain impounded animals. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the compensation of intercollegiate athletes for the use of their name, image, or likeness. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the compensation of intercollegiate athletes for the use of their name, image, or likeness. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits race discrimination based on natural hairstyles. (8/1/21). Description: Prohibits race discrimination based on natural hairstyles. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the management of the affairs of an interdict. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to the management of the affairs of an interdict. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to acts prohibited during early voting or on election day. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to acts prohibited during early voting or on election day. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to dental referral plans. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to dental referral plans. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Peace Officer and Public Safety Personnel Peer Support and Mental Health Wellness Act. (8/1/21). Description: Provides for the Peace Officer and Public Safety Personnel Peer Support and Mental Health Wellness Act. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the documentation fee allowed to be charged between an automobile dealer and customer. (8/1/21). Description: Increases the documentation fee allowed to be charged between an automobile dealer and customer. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the crime of aggravated distribution of a controlled dangerous substance. (gov sig) (EGF INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the crime of aggravated distribution of a controlled dangerous substance. (gov sig) (EGF INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to named storm deductibles for commercial properties. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to named storm deductibles for commercial properties. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to investments of domestic insurers. (1/1/22). Description: Provides relative to investments of domestic insurers. (1/1/22)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to regulation of speech on social media. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to regulation of speech on social media. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the disposition of abandoned property deposited at the state archives. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the disposition of abandoned property deposited at the state archives. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides an exception for late approval of a capital outlay request for a state-owned and administered project submitted by a budget unit of the state, including public postsecondary education institutions. (gov sig) (2/3 - CA7s11(C)) (EG GF EX See Note). Description: Provides an exception for late approval of a capital outlay request for a state-owned and administered project submitted by a budget unit of the state, including public postsecondary education institutions. (gov sig) (2/3 - CA7s11(C)) (EG GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the hotel and lodging exception permit. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Provides relative to the hotel and lodging exception permit. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts purchases of certain school buses from sales and use tax. (7/1/21) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Exempts purchases of certain school buses from sales and use tax. (7/1/21) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for eligibility for military honor license plates for members of the Louisiana National Guard. (8/1/21). Description: Provides for eligibility for military honor license plates for members of the Louisiana National Guard. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the governance of fire protection districts created by Pointe Coupee Parish. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the governance of fire protection districts created by Pointe Coupee Parish. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reallocates a portion of the state sales tax on room rentals in St. Landry Parish to the Liberty Theatre in Eunice. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Reallocates a portion of the state sales tax on room rentals in St. Landry Parish to the Liberty Theatre in Eunice. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes reporting requirements to the Department of Revenue for businesses and governmental entities using service providers. (7/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Establishes reporting requirements to the Department of Revenue for businesses and governmental entities using service providers. (7/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for external review of health insurance issuers. (gov sig). Description: Provides for external review of health insurance issuers. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for health insurance coverage of genetic testing for various cancer mutations. (1/1/22). Description: Provides for health insurance coverage of genetic testing for various cancer mutations. (1/1/22)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the governing authority of each public school to develop and adopt policies for the installation and operation of video cameras in certain classrooms. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Requires the governing authority of each public school to develop and adopt policies for the installation and operation of video cameras in certain classrooms. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to provide for the taxing authority of levee districts. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note). Description: Constitutional amendment to provide for the taxing authority of levee districts. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes levee boards to spend funds generated from one or more levee districts in another district that benefits an entire levee authority. (8/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Authorizes levee boards to spend funds generated from one or more levee districts in another district that benefits an entire levee authority. (8/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the unemployment insurance procedure to be applied by the secretary of the La. Workforce Commission for calendar year 2022. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE OF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the unemployment insurance procedure to be applied by the secretary of the La. Workforce Commission for calendar year 2022. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE OF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes transfer on death of certain securities. (1/1/22). Description: Authorizes transfer on death of certain securities. (1/1/22)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to telehealth services provided by licensed hearing aid dealers. (8/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to telehealth services provided by licensed hearing aid dealers. (8/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to insurance cost-sharing practices. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to insurance cost-sharing practices. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the return of certain schools in the Recovery School District to the transferring school board. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the return of certain schools in the Recovery School District to the transferring school board. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the waste tire program in the Department of Environmental Quality. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the waste tire program in the Department of Environmental Quality. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for advanced recycling facilities and processes for the conversion of certain recovered materials. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides for advanced recycling facilities and processes for the conversion of certain recovered materials. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to marine products. (8/1/21) (EN -$900 SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to marine products. (8/1/21) (EN -$900 SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to TOPS eligibility. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to TOPS eligibility. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides liability protection for federally insured depository institutions and mutual associations that transfer money or property by relying on small succession affidavits. (gov sig). Description: Provides liability protection for federally insured depository institutions and mutual associations that transfer money or property by relying on small succession affidavits. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to self-service storage facilities. (1/1/22). Description: Provides relative to self-service storage facilities. (1/1/22)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Equine Promotion and Research Program. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Equine Promotion and Research Program. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an African-American military service members monument in the Louisiana Veterans Memorial Park. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for an African-American military service members monument in the Louisiana Veterans Memorial Park. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the composition of the controlled dangerous substances schedules. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the composition of the controlled dangerous substances schedules. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to mental health rehabilitation services contracts with Medicaid managed care organizations. (1/1/22) (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to mental health rehabilitation services contracts with Medicaid managed care organizations. (1/1/22) (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for bids, claims, and payments involving public contracts.. Description: Provides for bids, claims, and payments involving public contracts.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires certain parties be notified when a vehicle is stored pursuant to the Louisiana Towing and Storage Act. (gov sig). Description: Requires certain parties be notified when a vehicle is stored pursuant to the Louisiana Towing and Storage Act. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the payment of fees for interpreters for non-English-speaking persons in civil cases. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the payment of fees for interpreters for non-English-speaking persons in civil cases. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for remote public school registration and enrollment of children of military personnel transferring to the state. (gov sig). Description: Provides for remote public school registration and enrollment of children of military personnel transferring to the state. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to employment, education, and related services for FITAP participants. (gov sig) (EN -$27,696 FF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to employment, education, and related services for FITAP participants. (gov sig) (EN -$27,696 FF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to health insurance coverage for mammography. (1/1/22). Description: Provides relative to health insurance coverage for mammography. (1/1/22)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the salary of the marshal of the city court of Lafayette. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the salary of the marshal of the city court of Lafayette. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for monies collected from enforcement actions of coastal use permits. (8/1/21) (EG SEE FISC NOTE SD RV). Description: Provides for monies collected from enforcement actions of coastal use permits. (8/1/21) (EG SEE FISC NOTE SD RV)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the playing or singing of the national anthem prior to certain athletic contests. (8/1/21). Description: Requires the playing or singing of the national anthem prior to certain athletic contests. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts certain infused prescription drugs from local sales tax. (7/1/21) (EN DECREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Exempts certain infused prescription drugs from local sales tax. (7/1/21) (EN DECREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Thaddeus T. Valentine, Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Thaddeus T. Valentine, Sr.
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits an unworthy successor from directly or indirectly benefiting from the death of his spouse or his child. (gov sig). Description: Prohibits an unworthy successor from directly or indirectly benefiting from the death of his spouse or his child. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to specialized behavioral health rehabilitation services in the Louisiana medical assistance program. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to specialized behavioral health rehabilitation services in the Louisiana medical assistance program. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to teacher planning time and lunch periods and to provide an exemption from tolls on La. Hwy. 1 bridge for school personnel. (See Act) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to teacher planning time and lunch periods and to provide an exemption from tolls on La. Hwy. 1 bridge for school personnel. (See Act) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates and provides for the Community Drinking Water Infrastructure Sustainability Act. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Creates and provides for the Community Drinking Water Infrastructure Sustainability Act. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for payment of health insurance provider claim payment claims. (8/1/21). Description: Provides for payment of health insurance provider claim payment claims. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits insurance companies from including defense costs within the limits of liability except under certain circumstances. (8/1/21). Description: Prohibits insurance companies from including defense costs within the limits of liability except under certain circumstances. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to analysis of the DNA sample collected following an arrest for certain offenses. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to analysis of the DNA sample collected following an arrest for certain offenses. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the prioritization of health equity by the Louisiana Department of Health. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the prioritization of health equity by the Louisiana Department of Health. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for promulgation of emergency rules in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act. (8/1/21). Description: Provides for promulgation of emergency rules in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to sentencing when a defendant possessed, used, or discharged a firearm in the commission of certain offenses. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to sentencing when a defendant possessed, used, or discharged a firearm in the commission of certain offenses. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of obstruction of justice penalties. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to the crime of obstruction of justice penalties. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the disposition of funds generated by sports wagering. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for the disposition of funds generated by sports wagering. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to permanent placement of children in custody of the state. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to permanent placement of children in custody of the state. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of unlawful possession, transfer, or manufacture of animal fighting paraphernalia. (gov sig). Description: Creates the crime of unlawful possession, transfer, or manufacture of animal fighting paraphernalia. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the preservation of public records. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the preservation of public records. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for personal delivery devices. (gov sig). Description: Provides for personal delivery devices. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the M.J. Foster Promise Program. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Establishes the M.J. Foster Promise Program. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a special election for submission of proposed constitutional amendments to the electors. (gov sig) (EN +$2,000,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for a special election for submission of proposed constitutional amendments to the electors. (gov sig) (EN +$2,000,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the Office of Group Benefits to cover bariatric surgery techniques for the treatment of severe obesity. (8/1/21) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Requires the Office of Group Benefits to cover bariatric surgery techniques for the treatment of severe obesity. (8/1/21) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Enacts the Foster Youth's Bill of Rights for youth ages fourteen through eighteen in foster care. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Enacts the Foster Youth's Bill of Rights for youth ages fourteen through eighteen in foster care. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to provide for the adjustment of ad valorem millages. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)). Description: Constitutional amendment to provide for the adjustment of ad valorem millages. (2/3 - CA13s1(A))
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Social Work Practice Act. (1/1/22). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Social Work Practice Act. (1/1/22)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts certain mobile workers from individual income tax and their employers from withholding tax. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Exempts certain mobile workers from individual income tax and their employers from withholding tax. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to reduce the maximum rate of individual income tax and to provide for a federal income tax deduction as provided by law.. Description: Constitutional amendment to reduce the maximum rate of individual income tax and to provide for a federal income tax deduction as provided by law.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Conforms state partnership reporting adjustments to federal taxable income to current federal partnership audit adjustments. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Conforms state partnership reporting adjustments to federal taxable income to current federal partnership audit adjustments. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the termination date of the exemption from corporate franchise tax for small business corporations. (See Act) (EN -$55,900,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Extends the termination date of the exemption from corporate franchise tax for small business corporations. (See Act) (EN -$55,900,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Major Events Incentive Program and the Major Events Incentive Program Subfund. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Major Events Incentive Program and the Major Events Incentive Program Subfund. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional Amendment to increase the composition of the Louisiana Supreme Court from six to eight associate justices. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (RE1 INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Constitutional Amendment to increase the composition of the Louisiana Supreme Court from six to eight associate justices. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (RE1 INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the adjustments of ad valorem millages. (See Act). Description: Provides for the adjustments of ad valorem millages. (See Act)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the transfer and use of certain monies to the Oilfield Site and Restoration Fund. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT SD EX See Note). Description: Provides for the transfer and use of certain monies to the Oilfield Site and Restoration Fund. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT SD EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to controlled dangerous substances. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to controlled dangerous substances. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Underground Utilities and Facilities Damage Prevention Law. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Underground Utilities and Facilities Damage Prevention Law. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the creation of the office of human trafficking prevention. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the creation of the office of human trafficking prevention. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for severance tax exemptions and site-specific trust funds for certain orphan wells. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for severance tax exemptions and site-specific trust funds for certain orphan wells. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reinstates the state sales tax exemption on sales of construction materials to Habitat for Humanity affiliates and for construction of new animal shelters. (7/1/21) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Reinstates the state sales tax exemption on sales of construction materials to Habitat for Humanity affiliates and for construction of new animal shelters. (7/1/21) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the administration of the Motion Picture Production Tax Credit. (gov sig) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the administration of the Motion Picture Production Tax Credit. (gov sig) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the Alexandria/Pineville Area Louisiana Convention and Visitors Bureau Board of Directors. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to the membership of the Alexandria/Pineville Area Louisiana Convention and Visitors Bureau Board of Directors. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for automobile insurance coverage for transportation network drivers. (8/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for automobile insurance coverage for transportation network drivers. (8/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to state procurement of certain services by use of reverse auction technology. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to state procurement of certain services by use of reverse auction technology. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to health insurance coverage modifications and unfair or deceptive practices. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to health insurance coverage modifications and unfair or deceptive practices. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to public bid forms and specifications. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to public bid forms and specifications. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the acquisition of blighted property in Lake Charles. (8/1/21). Description: Provides for the acquisition of blighted property in Lake Charles. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of members to the nominating committee for the board of commissioners of St. Tammany Parish Hospital Service District No. 2. (8/1/21). Description: Provides for the appointment of members to the nominating committee for the board of commissioners of St. Tammany Parish Hospital Service District No. 2. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for regulation of leases of land for solar farms. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE OF EX See Note). Description: Provides for regulation of leases of land for solar farms. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE OF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for post conviction relief with regard to successful "actual innocence" claims. (8/1/21). Description: Provides for post conviction relief with regard to successful "actual innocence" claims. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the number of board members of the Louisiana Housing Corporation. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for the number of board members of the Louisiana Housing Corporation. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Transfers stationary weight enforcement from DPS&C to DOTD. (7/1/22). Description: Transfers stationary weight enforcement from DPS&C to DOTD. (7/1/22)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to coverage of certain physician-administered drugs and related services. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to coverage of certain physician-administered drugs and related services. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for connecting multiple recreational vehicles to an individual sewerage system in certain parishes. (gov sig). Description: Provides for connecting multiple recreational vehicles to an individual sewerage system in certain parishes. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to entrance firefighters and police officer classes. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to entrance firefighters and police officer classes. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an extension to the moratorium on additional beds for nursing facilities. (8/1/21). Description: Provides for an extension to the moratorium on additional beds for nursing facilities. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for vehicle allowances for assessors. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides for vehicle allowances for assessors. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits denying access to state facilities intended for public use to persons based upon whether they have received a COVID-19 vaccination. (8/1/21). Description: Prohibits denying access to state facilities intended for public use to persons based upon whether they have received a COVID-19 vaccination. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates portions of state highways for certain individuals. (8/1/21). Description: Designates portions of state highways for certain individuals. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Exempts admissions to certain live entertainment events from state sales and use tax. (gov sig) (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Exempts admissions to certain live entertainment events from state sales and use tax. (gov sig) (EG DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for live racing dates and minimum number of races per day to be assigned by the Louisiana State Racing Commission. (7/1/21). Description: Provides for live racing dates and minimum number of races per day to be assigned by the Louisiana State Racing Commission. (7/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates certain parks and recreation districts in East Baton Rouge Parish. (7/1/21) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Creates certain parks and recreation districts in East Baton Rouge Parish. (7/1/21) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to group insurance expenses for certain clerks of court. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to group insurance expenses for certain clerks of court. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to subpoenas of DOTD contractors and public entities advertising for public work. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to subpoenas of DOTD contractors and public entities advertising for public work. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to horse racing including historical horse racing. (gov sig) (EG NO IMPACT SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to horse racing including historical horse racing. (gov sig) (EG NO IMPACT SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to recreational vehicle warranties. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to recreational vehicle warranties. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires in-service training for teachers and certain other school personnel on adverse childhood experiences and trauma-informed education. (gov sig) (EN +$160,384 GF EX See Note). Description: Requires in-service training for teachers and certain other school personnel on adverse childhood experiences and trauma-informed education. (gov sig) (EN +$160,384 GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates a portion of US 90 Business-Westbank Expressway in the city of Westwego in Jefferson Parish as the "Michael D. Louviere Memorial Highway". (8/1/21). Description: Designates a portion of US 90 Business-Westbank Expressway in the city of Westwego in Jefferson Parish as the "Michael D. Louviere Memorial Highway". (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Lloyd Price. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Lloyd Price
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to individual graduation plans and high school curriculum options. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to individual graduation plans and high school curriculum options. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for reasonable accommodations of employees who become temporarily disabled due to certain pregnancy-related medical conditions.(8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for reasonable accommodations of employees who become temporarily disabled due to certain pregnancy-related medical conditions.(8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires early literacy professional development for certain teachers. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE EX See Note). Description: Requires early literacy professional development for certain teachers. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Louisiana Import Tax Credit. (gov sig) (EN -$683,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the Louisiana Import Tax Credit. (gov sig) (EN -$683,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the payment of pharmacy claims. (See Act) (RE INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the payment of pharmacy claims. (See Act) (RE INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to voter rolls. (6/1/22) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to voter rolls. (6/1/22) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to voting systems. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to voting systems. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to early literacy. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to early literacy. (8/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to financing utility storm repairs and strengthening and stabilizing utilities. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to financing utility storm repairs and strengthening and stabilizing utilities. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Plank Road Economic Development District in East Baton Rouge Parish. (gov sig). Description: Creates the Plank Road Economic Development District in East Baton Rouge Parish. (gov sig)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the creation, dedication, use, and investment of the Health Care Employment Reinvestment Opportunity (H.E.R.O.) Fund. (8/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT SD EX See Note). Description: Provides for the creation, dedication, use, and investment of the Health Care Employment Reinvestment Opportunity (H.E.R.O.) Fund. (8/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT SD EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to power-based violence on college and university campuses. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to power-based violence on college and university campuses. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes and provides for the Power-Based Violence Review Panel. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Establishes and provides for the Power-Based Violence Review Panel. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to expanded academic support. (8/1/21) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to expanded academic support. (8/1/21) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the Caddo Educational Excellence Fund. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides with respect to the Caddo Educational Excellence Fund. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Modifies the federal income tax deduction for taxpayers impacted by 2020 hurricanes. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Modifies the federal income tax deduction for taxpayers impacted by 2020 hurricanes. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Limits the utilization of income and corporation franchise tax credits to total tax liability. (gov sig) (RE INCREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Limits the utilization of income and corporation franchise tax credits to total tax liability. (gov sig) (RE INCREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases debt limitation on assessed valuation of taxable property in Iowa Fire Protection District No. 1. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Increases debt limitation on assessed valuation of taxable property in Iowa Fire Protection District No. 1. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for uniform definitions of independent contractor and employee and for penalties for the misclassification of employees. (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (1/1/22) (EN SEE FISC NOTE OF RV See Note). Description: Provides for uniform definitions of independent contractor and employee and for penalties for the misclassification of employees. (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (1/1/22) (EN SEE FISC NOTE OF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to civil jury trials and deposits for costs and expenses. (8/1/21) (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to civil jury trials and deposits for costs and expenses. (8/1/21) (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the creation of an international language immersion school. (8/1/21). Description: Provides relative to the creation of an international language immersion school. (8/1/21)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the regulation of sports wagering. (See Act) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the regulation of sports wagering. (See Act) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the effects of legalizing recreational cannabis usage. Description: Requests a study of the effects of legalizing recreational cannabis usage
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Bobby Wayne Charrier. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Bobby Wayne Charrier
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends head football coach of St. Charles Catholic High School, Frank Monica, on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends head football coach of St. Charles Catholic High School, Frank Monica, on the occasion of his retirement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Dept. of Children and Family Services develop data-sharing agreements with the appropriate authorities to identify lottery and other gaming winners who receive SNAP benefits. Description: Requests that the Dept. of Children and Family Services develop data-sharing agreements with the appropriate authorities to identify lottery and other gaming winners who receive SNAP benefits
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Dept. of Children and Family Services study out-of-state expenditures of Louisiana-issued Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits in order to identify fraud. Description: Requests that the Dept. of Children and Family Services study out-of-state expenditures of Louisiana-issued Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits in order to identify fraud
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests an investigation of out-of-state retailers at which the greatest amounts of Louisiana-issued SNAP benefits are expended for purposes of fraud detection and prevention. Description: Requests an investigation of out-of-state retailers at which the greatest amounts of Louisiana-issued SNAP benefits are expended for purposes of fraud detection and prevention
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ascension Parish registrar of voters, Robert Poch, on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Ascension Parish registrar of voters, Robert Poch, on the occasion of his retirement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of James Allan Laird. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of James Allan Laird
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Dorothy Hester Bell. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Dorothy Hester Bell
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Terrebonne Parish School Board not to close Pointe-Aux-Chenes Elementary School. Description: Urges and requests the Terrebonne Parish School Board not to close Pointe-Aux-Chenes Elementary School
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the University of Louisiana at Monroe College of Pharmacy for its contributions to the state. Description: Commends the University of Louisiana at Monroe College of Pharmacy for its contributions to the state
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Boys & Girls Clubs in the state for their positive impact on the lives of young people and designates April 12-17, 2021, as Boys & Girls Clubs Week in Louisiana. Description: Commends Boys & Girls Clubs in the state for their positive impact on the lives of young people and designates April 12-17, 2021, as Boys & Girls Clubs Week in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Su King on the occasion of her retirement from House Legislative Services. Description: Commends Su King on the occasion of her retirement from House Legislative Services
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 18-24, 2021, as National Crime Victims' Rights Week in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes April 18-24, 2021, as National Crime Victims' Rights Week in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Christopher Blaise "Chris" Edwards. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Christopher Blaise "Chris" Edwards
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Thursday, April 29, 2021, as the thirty-seventh annual Red and White Day at the legislature. Description: Recognizes Thursday, April 29, 2021, as the thirty-seventh annual Red and White Day at the legislature
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs elementary and secondary schools and higher education institutions that require a COVID-19 vaccination to inform students or parents of their right to choose not to receive the vaccination. Description: Directs elementary and secondary schools and higher education institutions that require a COVID-19 vaccination to inform students or parents of their right to choose not to receive the vaccination
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 19, 2021, as Ponchatoula Strawberry Festival Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 19, 2021, as Ponchatoula Strawberry Festival Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers and recognizes April 27, 2021, as CASA Day at the state capitol. Description: Commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers and recognizes April 27, 2021, as CASA Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana State Employees' Retirement System on the occasion of its seventy-fifth anniversary. Description: Commends the Louisiana State Employees' Retirement System on the occasion of its seventy-fifth anniversary
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Pearl Harbor survivor Joe Richard for his military service. Description: Commends Pearl Harbor survivor Joe Richard for his military service
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 20, 2021, as Young Marines Day at the state capitol and commends the Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Office Young Marines unit for their recognition as National Unit of the Year. Description: Recognizes April 20, 2021, as Young Marines Day at the state capitol and commends the Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Office Young Marines unit for their recognition as National Unit of the Year
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the House on the death of Scott Cruanes. Description: Expresses the condolences of the House on the death of Scott Cruanes
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the American Physical Therapy Association on the occasion of its one hundredth anniversary. Description: Commends the American Physical Therapy Association on the occasion of its one hundredth anniversary
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Live Oak High School Eaglettes Dance Team. Description: Commends the Live Oak High School Eaglettes Dance Team
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Elder Henry Grady Bingham, Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Elder Henry Grady Bingham, Jr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Kenny Guillot. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Kenny Guillot
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Kenneth P. Mauterer, Jr., on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Dr. Kenneth P. Mauterer, Jr., on the occasion of his retirement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bitcoin and the cryptocurrency industry. Description: Commends Bitcoin and the cryptocurrency industry
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the East Beauregard Elementary School faculty and staff for their dedication to their students and positive impact on their community. Description: Commends the East Beauregard Elementary School faculty and staff for their dedication to their students and positive impact on their community
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Kori Gauthier. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Kori Gauthier
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Greater Central Louisiana REALTORS Association on the occasion of its seventy-sixth anniversary. Description: Commends the Greater Central Louisiana REALTORS Association on the occasion of its seventy-sixth anniversary
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Water Wise Gulf South and its founding member Jeffrey Supak. Description: Commends Water Wise Gulf South and its founding member Jeffrey Supak
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Water Wise Gulf South and its founding member Hilairie Schackai. Description: Commends Water Wise Gulf South and its founding member Hilairie Schackai
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Water Wise Gulf South and its founding member Dana Brown. Description: Commends Water Wise Gulf South and its founding member Dana Brown
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Healthy Community Services and its founder and executive director, Angela M. Chalk. Description: Commends Healthy Community Services and its founder and executive director, Angela M. Chalk
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Groundwork New Orleans and its executive director, Todd Reynolds. Description: Commends Groundwork New Orleans and its executive director, Todd Reynolds
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Greater Trem Consortium, Inc., and its executive director, Cheryl R. Austin. Description: Commends Greater Trem Consortium, Inc., and its executive director, Cheryl R. Austin
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bunny Friend Neighborhood Association, Inc., and its executive director and president, Katherine Prevost. Description: Commends Bunny Friend Neighborhood Association, Inc., and its executive director and president, Katherine Prevost
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of William Thomas "Bill" Bergeron. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of William Thomas "Bill" Bergeron
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Simsboro High School boys' basketball team on winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Class B state championship. Description: Commends the Simsboro High School boys' basketball team on winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Class B state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Arcadia High School boys' basketball team on winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Class 1A state championship. Description: Commends the Arcadia High School boys' basketball team on winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Class 1A state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study and work with Interstate 20 Amtrak partners to bring passenger rail service connecting Texas and Mississippi through North Louisiana. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study and work with Interstate 20 Amtrak partners to bring passenger rail service connecting Texas and Mississippi through North Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2019-2020 royal court of the Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff's Rodeo. Description: Commends the 2019-2020 royal court of the Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff's Rodeo
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes November 14-20, 2021, as Thyroid Eye Disease Awareness Week. Description: Recognizes November 14-20, 2021, as Thyroid Eye Disease Awareness Week
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the legislative auditor to conduct an audit on the use of all forms of solitary confinement of juveniles in facilities housing juveniles. Description: Requests the legislative auditor to conduct an audit on the use of all forms of solitary confinement of juveniles in facilities housing juveniles
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to study of compassionate release, medical treatment furlough, and medical parole requirements. Description: Provides relative to study of compassionate release, medical treatment furlough, and medical parole requirements
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Volunteers of America for its contributions to Louisiana on the occasion of its one hundred twenty-fifth anniversary. Description: Commends Volunteers of America for its contributions to Louisiana on the occasion of its one hundred twenty-fifth anniversary
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Hicks High School girls' basketball team on winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Class C state championship. Description: Commends the Hicks High School girls' basketball team on winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Class C state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges the state superintendent to request school and district performance score waivers from the U.S. Department of Education for the 2020-2021 school year. Description: Urges the state superintendent to request school and district performance score waivers from the U.S. Department of Education for the 2020-2021 school year
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kim Mulkey on being named head coach of the Louisiana State University women's basketball program. Description: Commends Kim Mulkey on being named head coach of the Louisiana State University women's basketball program
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Morris & Dickson Co. LLC for its community service. Description: Commends Morris & Dickson Co. LLC for its community service
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the office of behavioral health of the Louisiana Department of Health to collect data relative to certain mental illness and substance use crisis care. Description: Directs the office of behavioral health of the Louisiana Department of Health to collect data relative to certain mental illness and substance use crisis care
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Baton Rouge police officer, Lieutenant Glenn Hutto, Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Baton Rouge police officer, Lieutenant Glenn Hutto, Jr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 2021 as Maternal Mental Health Month in Louisiana. Description: Designates May 2021 as Maternal Mental Health Month in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Doveal Austin Essex on the occasion of her one hundredth birthday. Description: Commends Doveal Austin Essex on the occasion of her one hundredth birthday
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 5, 2021, as Tourism Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 5, 2021, as Tourism Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana Tech University for its encouragement of campus-wide healthy tech use on Digital Wellness Day, May 7, 2021. Description: Commends Louisiana Tech University for its encouragement of campus-wide healthy tech use on Digital Wellness Day, May 7, 2021
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 5th, 2021 as Louisiana Chamber of Commerce Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 5th, 2021 as Louisiana Chamber of Commerce Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Pope John Paul II High School boys' soccer team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the Pope John Paul II High School boys' soccer team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division IV state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 10, 2021, as Alzheimer's Awareness Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 10, 2021, as Alzheimer's Awareness Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study and work with Interstate 20 Amtrak partners to develop a passenger rail service connecting Texas and Mississippi through North Louisiana. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study and work with Interstate 20 Amtrak partners to develop a passenger rail service connecting Texas and Mississippi through North Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the winners of Teacher of the Year in Louisiana. Description: Commends the winners of Teacher of the Year in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that certain federal funds received be deployed by the Louisiana Economic Development Corporation for certain state seed capital programs. Description: Requests that certain federal funds received be deployed by the Louisiana Economic Development Corporation for certain state seed capital programs
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2021 Sicilian Heritage Festival in Independence, Louisiana, and its royal court on the occasion of the festival's thirteenth anniversary. Description: Commends the 2021 Sicilian Heritage Festival in Independence, Louisiana, and its royal court on the occasion of the festival's thirteenth anniversary
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Brother Martin High School on winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association boys' bowling championship. Description: Commends Brother Martin High School on winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association boys' bowling championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 6, 2021, as Literacy Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 6, 2021, as Literacy Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 12, 2021, as Bayou Region Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 12, 2021, as Bayou Region Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Louisiana Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Innovation Caucus. Description: Establishes the Louisiana Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Innovation Caucus
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends J. Terrell Brown, Sr., on receipt of an honorary doctorate of humane letters from Southern University. Description: Commends J. Terrell Brown, Sr., on receipt of an honorary doctorate of humane letters from Southern University
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Brother Martin High School on winning the 2021 Louisiana high school rugby state championship. Description: Commends Brother Martin High School on winning the 2021 Louisiana high school rugby state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Roger Rholdon, Sr., on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Dr. Roger Rholdon, Sr., on the occasion of his retirement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Chris J. Leumas on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Dr. Chris J. Leumas on the occasion of his retirement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Katie McMillon Neason on the occasion of her eighty-first birthday. Description: Commends Katie McMillon Neason on the occasion of her eighty-first birthday
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Mark C. Link. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Mark C. Link
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 13, 2021, as Homeschool Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes May 13, 2021, as Homeschool Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Norma Jane Sabiston. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Norma Jane Sabiston
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Notre Dame High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division III state championship. Description: Commends the Notre Dame High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division III state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Northside Christian High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division V state championship. Description: Commends the Northside Christian High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division V state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Isaiah McCrory of the Notre Dame High School powerlifting team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division IV 198-pound weight class state championship. Description: Commends Isaiah McCrory of the Notre Dame High School powerlifting team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division IV 198-pound weight class state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Nicholas Gautreaux of Notre Dame High School on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 2A boys discus throw state championship. Description: Commends Nicholas Gautreaux of Notre Dame High School on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 2A boys discus throw state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the commissioner of conservation to adopt any necessary rules and regulations to limit the withdrawal of groundwater by commercial or industrial facilities to five million gallons of groundwater per day. Description: Urges and requests the commissioner of conservation to adopt any necessary rules and regulations to limit the withdrawal of groundwater by commercial or industrial facilities to five million gallons of groundwater per day
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 2021 as Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month in Louisiana. Description: Designates May 2021 as Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 18, 2021, as Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 18, 2021, as Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Gamma Rho Chapter of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc., for its community service during the COVID-19 pandemic. Description: Commends the Gamma Rho Chapter of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc., for its community service during the COVID-19 pandemic
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends St. Joseph Missionary Baptist Church for its community involvement. Description: Commends St. Joseph Missionary Baptist Church for its community involvement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends InclusivCare on their receipt of the 2020 Dream Big Community Support and Leadership Award. Description: Commends InclusivCare on their receipt of the 2020 Dream Big Community Support and Leadership Award
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends George and Yvonne Ibert on their twenty-six years of service to the city of Hammond. Description: Commends George and Yvonne Ibert on their twenty-six years of service to the city of Hammond
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Mary Eliza Alderson. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Mary Eliza Alderson
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Samantha Paul on winning the 2021 Louisiana Agriscience Teachers Association Essay Contest. Description: Commends Samantha Paul on winning the 2021 Louisiana Agriscience Teachers Association Essay Contest
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 15-22, 2021, as Police Week in Louisiana. Description: Designates May 15-22, 2021, as Police Week in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes congress to support the ABLE Age Adjustment Act. Description: Memorializes congress to support the ABLE Age Adjustment Act
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Charles Glenn "Charlie" Brown. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Charles Glenn "Charlie" Brown
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education study and submit a report relative to the provision of mental health services in schools and the possibility of providing mental health education to certain students. Description: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education study and submit a report relative to the provision of mental health services in schools and the possibility of providing mental health education to certain students
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Holden High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class B state championship. Description: Commends the Holden High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class B state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Priority Health Care for its community outreach services. Description: Commends Priority Health Care for its community outreach services
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 19, 2021, as Louisiana Craft Brewers' Day in Louisiana. Description: Designates May 19, 2021, as Louisiana Craft Brewers' Day in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bernard "Bunny" Newell, Sr., on walking during the graduation ceremony for the St. Augustine Senior High School Class of 2021. Description: Commends Bernard "Bunny" Newell, Sr., on walking during the graduation ceremony for the St. Augustine Senior High School Class of 2021
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study regarding potential costs, benefits, and public health impacts of Louisiana joining the interstate compact known as the Solemn Covenant of the States to Award Prizes for Curing Diseases. Description: Requests a study regarding potential costs, benefits, and public health impacts of Louisiana joining the interstate compact known as the Solemn Covenant of the States to Award Prizes for Curing Diseases
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the La. Department of Health to ensure that Medicaid managed care organizations cover and pay for certain respiratory panels. Description: Requests the La. Department of Health to ensure that Medicaid managed care organizations cover and pay for certain respiratory panels
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study provisions of law on civil liability for intentional dissemination of personally identifiable information. Description: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study provisions of law on civil liability for intentional dissemination of personally identifiable information
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study provisions of law relative to the consent of a curator to an abortion or sterilization of an interdict. Description: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study provisions of law relative to the consent of a curator to an abortion or sterilization of an interdict
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates, Wednesday, May 26, 2021 as 4-H Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates, Wednesday, May 26, 2021 as 4-H Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Dr. Lionel Davis, Sr., on the occasion of his twentieth pastoral anniversary. Description: Commends Reverend Dr. Lionel Davis, Sr., on the occasion of his twentieth pastoral anniversary
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Charles E. "Buddy" Roemer, III, former governor of Louisiana. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Charles E. "Buddy" Roemer, III, former governor of Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a special commission to study and make recommendations concerning medical marijuana laws and regulations. Description: Creates a special commission to study and make recommendations concerning medical marijuana laws and regulations
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Notre Dame High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division III state championship. Description: Commends the Notre Dame High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division III state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the organizers and volunteers of the 2021 Battle of Pleasant Hill Re-enactment and Festival. Description: Commends the organizers and volunteers of the 2021 Battle of Pleasant Hill Re-enactment and Festival
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Elder John W. Burris, Sr., on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Elder John W. Burris, Sr., on the occasion of his retirement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the La. State Board of Medical Examiners to clarify administrative rules concerning certain nonsurgical cosmetic procedures. Description: Urges and requests the La. State Board of Medical Examiners to clarify administrative rules concerning certain nonsurgical cosmetic procedures
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study implementing a paid family and medical leave program in the state. Description: Creates a task force to study implementing a paid family and medical leave program in the state
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education to re-create a commission to study and make recommendations relative to improving reading proficiency for certain students. Description: Requests the state Department of Education to re-create a commission to study and make recommendations relative to improving reading proficiency for certain students
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests local governing authorities and animal shelters to adopt policies and programs to provide alternatives to euthanization of healthy dogs and cats. Description: Urges and requests local governing authorities and animal shelters to adopt policies and programs to provide alternatives to euthanization of healthy dogs and cats
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Geraldine C. "Gerrie" Holt. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Geraldine C. "Gerrie" Holt
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the John Curtis Christian School Lady Patriots basketball team for winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division I state championship. Description: Commends the John Curtis Christian School Lady Patriots basketball team for winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division I state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the John Curtis Christian Lady Patriots softball team for winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division I state championship. Description: Commends the John Curtis Christian Lady Patriots softball team for winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division I state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Tuesday, May 25, 2021 as FFA Day at the state capitol and commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association. Description: Designates Tuesday, May 25, 2021 as FFA Day at the state capitol and commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 22, 2021, as Thelma Jones Haynes Day in the state of Louisiana and commends Ms. Haynes on the occasion of her one hundred fourth birthday. Description: Recognizes May 22, 2021, as Thelma Jones Haynes Day in the state of Louisiana and commends Ms. Haynes on the occasion of her one hundred fourth birthday
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education to evaluate training required of teachers. Description: Requests the state Department of Education to evaluate training required of teachers
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Safe Alternatives to Segregation Task Force. Description: Creates the Safe Alternatives to Segregation Task Force
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sergeant Kelly Carrone on the occasion of her retirement from the Hammond Police Department. Description: Commends Sergeant Kelly Carrone on the occasion of her retirement from the Hammond Police Department
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates each June 25 from 2021 to 2025 as Clifton Chenier Day in Louisiana. Description: Designates each June 25 from 2021 to 2025 as Clifton Chenier Day in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of former Lake Arthur mayor, E.R. "Red" Giles. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of former Lake Arthur mayor, E.R. "Red" Giles
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Jesuit High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division I state championship. Description: Commends the Jesuit High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division I state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Jesuit High School lacrosse team on winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Lacrosse League Division I state championship. Description: Commends the Jesuit High School lacrosse team on winning the 2021 Louisiana High School Lacrosse League Division I state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education take all necessary actions to provide that no measure of student growth be used in the evaluation of teachers for the 2020-2021 school year. Description: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education take all necessary actions to provide that no measure of student growth be used in the evaluation of teachers for the 2020-2021 school year
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the members and volunteers of the 2021 Concerned Women for America of Louisiana's Encourage-A-Legislator Project. Description: Commends the members and volunteers of the 2021 Concerned Women for America of Louisiana's Encourage-A-Legislator Project
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Janet Faulk-Gonzales on the occasion of her retirement from the Greater Iberia Chamber of Commerce. Description: Commends Janet Faulk-Gonzales on the occasion of her retirement from the Greater Iberia Chamber of Commerce
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Bossier Parish Community College for its achievements. Description: Commends Bossier Parish Community College for its achievements
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Bossier Parish Community College nursing program. Description: Commends the Bossier Parish Community College nursing program
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Bossier Parish Community College debate team on winning the 2021 International Public Debate Association championship. Description: Commends the Bossier Parish Community College debate team on winning the 2021 International Public Debate Association championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Elizabeth Gatti on being named the 2021 Bossier Parish High School Student of the Year. Description: Commends Elizabeth Gatti on being named the 2021 Bossier Parish High School Student of the Year
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kylie Small on being named the 2021 Bossier Parish Middle School Student of the Year and her selection as a finalist for the 2021 Louisiana Middle School Student of the Year. Description: Commends Kylie Small on being named the 2021 Bossier Parish Middle School Student of the Year and her selection as a finalist for the 2021 Louisiana Middle School Student of the Year
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Landry Rivers on being named the 2021 Bossier Parish Elementary Student of the Year. Description: Commends Landry Rivers on being named the 2021 Bossier Parish Elementary Student of the Year
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Bossier Parish Community College softball team on winning the National Junior College Athletic Association 2021 Division I Region XIV East Conference championship. Description: Commends the Bossier Parish Community College softball team on winning the National Junior College Athletic Association 2021 Division I Region XIV East Conference championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Earl Michael Willis. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Earl Michael Willis
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Acadian Ambulance on the occasion of the company's fiftieth anniversary. Description: Commends Acadian Ambulance on the occasion of the company's fiftieth anniversary
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Alton and Patti Mansfield on the occasion of their retirement from Catholic Charismatic Renewal of New Orleans. Description: Commends Alton and Patti Mansfield on the occasion of their retirement from Catholic Charismatic Renewal of New Orleans
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 1, 2021, as Louisiana Music Advocacy Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates June 1, 2021, as Louisiana Music Advocacy Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the La. Sexual Assault Oversight Commission to study and make recommendations concerning access by adult survivors of sexual assault to their records related to forensic medical examinations. Description: Requests the La. Sexual Assault Oversight Commission to study and make recommendations concerning access by adult survivors of sexual assault to their records related to forensic medical examinations
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 1, 2021, as Louisiana Lightning Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates June 1, 2021, as Louisiana Lightning Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Bd. of Regents and LSU Board of Supervisors to study and report relative to the status of the LSU Shreveport Commitment Plan of 2012. Description: Requests the Bd. of Regents and LSU Board of Supervisors to study and report relative to the status of the LSU Shreveport Commitment Plan of 2012
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the office of alcohol and tobacco control to study issues related to prevention of access to tobacco products by underage persons. Description: Requests the office of alcohol and tobacco control to study issues related to prevention of access to tobacco products by underage persons
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends St. Amant High School's Coach Larry Favorite on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends St. Amant High School's Coach Larry Favorite on the occasion of his retirement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 16-22, 2021, as Emergency Medical Services Week. Description: Recognizes May 16-22, 2021, as Emergency Medical Services Week
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Choudrant High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class B state championship. Description: Commends the Choudrant High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class B state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the board of commissioners of the Port of New Orleans on the occasion of the one hundred twenty-fifth anniversary of its founding. Description: Commends the board of commissioners of the Port of New Orleans on the occasion of the one hundred twenty-fifth anniversary of its founding
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Lee Sittig. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Lee Sittig
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 3, 2021, as Women in Public Office Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates June 3, 2021, as Women in Public Office Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Housing Corporation to study the distribution of low income housing tax credits. Description: Requests the Louisiana Housing Corporation to study the distribution of low income housing tax credits
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Connie and Dwight Fitch on the occasion of their fiftieth wedding anniversary for their contributions to the music culture of New Orleans. Description: Commends Connie and Dwight Fitch on the occasion of their fiftieth wedding anniversary for their contributions to the music culture of New Orleans
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 2, 2021, as Civil Legal Aid Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates June 2, 2021, as Civil Legal Aid Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Ernest Stephens, Baton Rouge AFL-CIO political director. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Ernest Stephens, Baton Rouge AFL-CIO political director
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Hicks High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class C state championship. Description: Commends the Hicks High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class C state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sue Nicholson on the occasion of her retirement from the Monroe Chamber of Commerce. Description: Commends Sue Nicholson on the occasion of her retirement from the Monroe Chamber of Commerce
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the North Vermilion High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 4A state championship. Description: Commends the North Vermilion High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 4A state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Firefighters' Retirement System to form a committee to study issues related to allowing employees of private entities to participate in the system. Description: Directs the Firefighters' Retirement System to form a committee to study issues related to allowing employees of private entities to participate in the system
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Darrell "Soul" Robert Semien. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Darrell "Soul" Robert Semien
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Bertha Bradford Robinson. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Bertha Bradford Robinson
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the disposition of dogs used in dogfighting. Description: Requests a study of the disposition of dogs used in dogfighting
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the LaSalle High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 1A state championship. Description: Commends the LaSalle High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 1A state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Jena High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 3A state championship. Description: Commends the Jena High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 3A state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the House Committee on Municipal, Parochial and Cultural Affairs to study the representation of parish, municipal, and state elected officials on boards and commissions that govern political subdivisions. Description: Requests the House Committee on Municipal, Parochial and Cultural Affairs to study the representation of parish, municipal, and state elected officials on boards and commissions that govern political subdivisions
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests a joint subcommittee to study the coordination of care for persons receiving mental health services in community-based and institutional settings. Description: Urges and requests a joint subcommittee to study the coordination of care for persons receiving mental health services in community-based and institutional settings
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Lusher Charter School boys' soccer team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division III state championship. Description: Commends the Lusher Charter School boys' soccer team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division III state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lusher Charter School students Derek Zhang and Iman Ferguson on winning state titles in the 2020 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division III swim championships. Description: Commends Lusher Charter School students Derek Zhang and Iman Ferguson on winning state titles in the 2020 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division III swim championships
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lusher Charter School senior Reign Riley on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 4A girls' shot put title. Description: Commends Lusher Charter School senior Reign Riley on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 4A girls' shot put title
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Sacred Heart High School girls' volleyball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2020 Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the Sacred Heart High School girls' volleyball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2020 Division IV state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Eleanor McMain Secondary School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 4A state championship. Description: Commends the Eleanor McMain Secondary School boys' basketball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 4A state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Isidore Newman School girls' swim team on winning the 2019 Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the Isidore Newman School girls' swim team on winning the 2019 Division IV state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Isidore Newman School boys' swim team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2019 Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the Isidore Newman School boys' swim team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2019 Division IV state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Isidore Newman School girls' soccer team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the Isidore Newman School girls' soccer team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division IV state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Isidore Newman School girls' tennis team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division III state championship. Description: Commends the Isidore Newman School girls' tennis team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division III state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Isidore Newman School girls' golf team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division II state championship. Description: Commends the Isidore Newman School girls' golf team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division II state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes and directs the La. Department of Health to report to certain legislative committees data relating to Medicaid estate recovery cases. Description: Authorizes and directs the La. Department of Health to report to certain legislative committees data relating to Medicaid estate recovery cases
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends St. Thomas More Catholic High School on winning four state titles during the 2020-2021 school year. Description: Commends St. Thomas More Catholic High School on winning four state titles during the 2020-2021 school year
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Paul Slocomb West. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Paul Slocomb West
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Dorothy P. Ledet. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Dorothy P. Ledet
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jaden D. Johnson on her selection as the ninety-first Miss Southern University. Description: Commends Jaden D. Johnson on her selection as the ninety-first Miss Southern University
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the state Department of Education develop a written plan for a statewide education savings account program. Description: Requests that the state Department of Education develop a written plan for a statewide education savings account program
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Abbeville High School powerlifting team on winning the 2021 national championship. Description: Commends the Abbeville High School powerlifting team on winning the 2021 national championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a recycling program at the state capitol. Description: Provides relative to a recycling program at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests La. Dept. of Health to amend the Medicaid state plan to allow for postpartum Medicaid coverage for 12 months after childbirth for certain pregnant individuals. Description: Requests La. Dept. of Health to amend the Medicaid state plan to allow for postpartum Medicaid coverage for 12 months after childbirth for certain pregnant individuals
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana School Boards Association to review check-out procedures at schools. Description: Requests the Louisiana School Boards Association to review check-out procedures at schools
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ellen Babe Lewis on the occasion of her retirement from the Bossier Parish school system. Description: Commends Ellen Babe Lewis on the occasion of her retirement from the Bossier Parish school system
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to study Medicaid rates for nonemergency medical transportation services and potential means of financing of those services. Description: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to study Medicaid rates for nonemergency medical transportation services and potential means of financing of those services
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Equal Justice Task Force to study the effects of the non-unanimous jury verdict law in Louisiana. Description: Creates the Equal Justice Task Force to study the effects of the non-unanimous jury verdict law in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the House Committee on the Administration of Criminal Justice to study the issue of non-capital felony sentencing. Description: Requests the House Committee on the Administration of Criminal Justice to study the issue of non-capital felony sentencing
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the use of facial recognition data by law enforcement. Description: Requests a study of the use of facial recognition data by law enforcement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Armond Schwing on receiving the 2021 Distinguished Citizen Award from the Evangeline Area Council, Boy Scouts of America. Description: Commends Armond Schwing on receiving the 2021 Distinguished Citizen Award from the Evangeline Area Council, Boy Scouts of America
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the La. State Law Institute to study the adoption of the Uniform Partition of Heirs' Property Act. Description: Directs the La. State Law Institute to study the adoption of the Uniform Partition of Heirs' Property Act
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Joseph A. "Joe" Marino, Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Joseph A. "Joe" Marino, Jr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs a joint subcommittee to study certain contractual restrictions on the practice of medicine. Description: Directs a joint subcommittee to study certain contractual restrictions on the practice of medicine
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends De La Salle High School senior Ja'Marian Peterson on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 3A boys' shot put title. Description: Commends De La Salle High School senior Ja'Marian Peterson on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 3A boys' shot put title
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Isadore Newman School students on winning state titles in the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 2A track and field championships. Description: Commends Isadore Newman School students on winning state titles in the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 2A track and field championships
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends De La Salle High School students Zachary Lauland and Bryon Phillips III on winning state titles in the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division III state wrestling championships. Description: Commends De La Salle High School students Zachary Lauland and Bryon Phillips III on winning state titles in the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division III state wrestling championships
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Paul Schexnayder on receiving the Daily Iberian's 2020 Citizen of the Year award. Description: Commends Paul Schexnayder on receiving the Daily Iberian's 2020 Citizen of the Year award
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Southern University Laboratory School Coach Rebecca Marshall on the occasion of her retirement. Description: Commends Southern University Laboratory School Coach Rebecca Marshall on the occasion of her retirement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Emmanuel Slack. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Emmanuel Slack
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the House Committee on Judiciary to study the practices of craft brewers. Description: Requests the House Committee on Judiciary to study the practices of craft brewers
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Charles Alexander Hemmans. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Charles Alexander Hemmans
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Norien Robinson on the occasion of her one hundredth birthday. Description: Commends Norien Robinson on the occasion of her one hundredth birthday
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the House Committee on Commerce, or a subcommittee thereof, to study the potential role of blockchain technology in the state. Description: Directs the House Committee on Commerce, or a subcommittee thereof, to study the potential role of blockchain technology in the state
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2021-2022 Krewe of Athena Queen, Anita Tillman. Description: Commends the 2021-2022 Krewe of Athena Queen, Anita Tillman
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes congress to pass the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act of 2021. Description: Memorializes congress to pass the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act of 2021
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Thomas C. Galligan, Jr., for his service as interim president of Louisiana State University. Description: Commends Thomas C. Galligan, Jr., for his service as interim president of Louisiana State University
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Pastor Robert "Bob" Galloway. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Pastor Robert "Bob" Galloway
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Baton Rouge Police Department Corporal Casey Hart. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Baton Rouge Police Department Corporal Casey Hart
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Charles Alois "Chuck" Gruber. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Charles Alois "Chuck" Gruber
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Judah Hertz and posthumously commends his contributions to the city of Shreveport, Louisiana. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Judah Hertz and posthumously commends his contributions to the city of Shreveport, Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the United States Congress to encourage the Federal Aviation Administration to protect the rights of airline passengers against misleading baggage and other ancillary fees. Description: Memorializes the United States Congress to encourage the Federal Aviation Administration to protect the rights of airline passengers against misleading baggage and other ancillary fees
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Champagne family of St. Charles Parish as the most military family in America. Description: Commends the Champagne family of St. Charles Parish as the most military family in America
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Neel Emerson Garland.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Neel Emerson Garland.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Thomas Bert Bateman.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Thomas Bert Bateman.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Joseph Aaron Roy.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Joseph Aaron Roy.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences to the family of Daran Hines Reeves.. Description: Expresses condolences to the family of Daran Hines Reeves.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sergeant Major Anazia M. Andrus-Sam on 31 years of active federal service in the United States Army and the United States Army Reserve.. Description: Commends Sergeant Major Anazia M. Andrus-Sam on 31 years of active federal service in the United States Army and the United States Army Reserve.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Archbishop Wilton Gregory on being named America's first black cardinal.. Description: Commends Archbishop Wilton Gregory on being named America's first black cardinal.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Fredrick Prejean Sr. on being named the 2020 Lafayette Civic Cup recipient.. Description: Commends Fredrick Prejean Sr. on being named the 2020 Lafayette Civic Cup recipient.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Phyllis Coleman Mouton on receiving the Trailblazer Award by the United Way of Acadiana's Women Who Mean Business.. Description: Commends Phyllis Coleman Mouton on receiving the Trailblazer Award by the United Way of Acadiana's Women Who Mean Business.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Rhyn L. Duplechain on the occasion of his retirement after serving 34 years as St. Landry Parish Assessor.. Description: Commends Rhyn L. Duplechain on the occasion of his retirement after serving 34 years as St. Landry Parish Assessor.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Boys and Girls Clubs in Louisiana for their outstanding commitment to children, teens, and families, and recognizes the week beginning April 12, 2021, as Boys and Girls Clubs in Louisiana Week.. Description: Commends Boys and Girls Clubs in Louisiana for their outstanding commitment to children, teens, and families, and recognizes the week beginning April 12, 2021, as Boys and Girls Clubs in Louisiana Week.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Monday, April 19, 2021, as Child Advocacy Center (CAC) Day in Louisiana.. Description: Designates Monday, April 19, 2021, as Child Advocacy Center (CAC) Day in Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the University of Louisiana System and designates Wednesday, April 14, 2021 as University of Louisiana System Day at the Capitol.. Description: Recognizes the University of Louisiana System and designates Wednesday, April 14, 2021 as University of Louisiana System Day at the Capitol.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana State Employees' Retirement System on the occasion of its seventy-fifth anniversary.. Description: Commends the Louisiana State Employees' Retirement System on the occasion of its seventy-fifth anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Natale Anthony Maestri Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Natale Anthony Maestri Jr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Cecil Earle Benton, businessman, civic leader, and public servant.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Cecil Earle Benton, businessman, civic leader, and public servant.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a task force to study crime and crime prevention in Morehouse Parish.. Description: Establishes a task force to study crime and crime prevention in Morehouse Parish.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Rosemary Searcy Campbell.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Rosemary Searcy Campbell.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Historically Black Colleges and Universities Day at the Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Historically Black Colleges and Universities Day at the Capitol.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 28, 2021, as Workers' Memorial Day in recognition of workers killed, injured, and disabled on the job.. Description: Recognizes April 28, 2021, as Workers' Memorial Day in recognition of workers killed, injured, and disabled on the job.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a study group to study the voting rights of persons incarcerated prior to trial.. Description: Creates a study group to study the voting rights of persons incarcerated prior to trial.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a task force to study crime and crime prevention in Ouachita Parish.. Description: Establishes a task force to study crime and crime prevention in Ouachita Parish.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Restaurant Association upon the celebration of its 75th anniversary.. Description: Commends the Louisiana Restaurant Association upon the celebration of its 75th anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Joel Walker for earning the national Cooke College Scholarship.. Description: Commends Joel Walker for earning the national Cooke College Scholarship.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Pope John Paul II High School boys soccer team for winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division IV state championship.. Description: Commends the Pope John Paul II High School boys soccer team for winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association Division IV state championship.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Coach Jesse "Jay" Carlin III on his election to the Louisiana High School Basketball Coaches Association Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Coach Jesse "Jay" Carlin III on his election to the Louisiana High School Basketball Coaches Association Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends "Sweet" Lou Dunbar on being inducted into the 2020 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends "Sweet" Lou Dunbar on being inducted into the 2020 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mackie Freeze, an outstanding baseball player and high school football coach, upon being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Mackie Freeze, an outstanding baseball player and high school football coach, upon being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Angela Turner-Johnson on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Angela Turner-Johnson on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Tim Brando on receiving the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame Ambassador Award.. Description: Commends Tim Brando on receiving the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame Ambassador Award.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Robin Fambrough on receiving the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame 2020 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism.. Description: Commends Robin Fambrough on receiving the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame 2020 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kent Lowe on receiving the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame 2020 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism.. Description: Commends Kent Lowe on receiving the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame 2020 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Shirley Mae Pearce Smith.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Shirley Mae Pearce Smith.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the implementation of a partnership between law enforcement agencies and safety net hospitals.. Description: Creates a task force to study the implementation of a partnership between law enforcement agencies and safety net hospitals.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Judge Douglas Marion Gonzales Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Judge Douglas Marion Gonzales Sr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Mr. Walton "Buddy" Daisy Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Mr. Walton "Buddy" Daisy Jr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 2021 as Lupus Awareness Month in Louisiana.. Description: Recognizes May 2021 as Lupus Awareness Month in Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To recognize and commend the board of directors and the members of the Louisiana School Boards Association.. Description: To recognize and commend the board of directors and the members of the Louisiana School Boards Association.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state superintendent of education to request ESEA waivers regarding school and district accountability and reporting requirements for the 2020-2021 school year.. Description: Requests the state superintendent of education to request ESEA waivers regarding school and district accountability and reporting requirements for the 2020-2021 school year.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the American Physical Therapy Association on the occasion of its one hundredth anniversary.. Description: Commends the American Physical Therapy Association on the occasion of its one hundredth anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kerry Kittles on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Kerry Kittles on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Phil Robertson upon being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Phil Robertson upon being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Charles "Peanut" Tillman upon being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Charles "Peanut" Tillman upon being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mahmoud Abdul-Rauf on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Mahmoud Abdul-Rauf on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Courtney Blades-Rogers upon being inducted in the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Courtney Blades-Rogers upon being inducted in the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Glenn Dorsey on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Glenn Dorsey on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Neil Graham Odenwald.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Neil Graham Odenwald.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Richard Sanders Morris Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Richard Sanders Morris Sr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, May 5, 2021, as Louisiana Chamber of Commerce Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, May 5, 2021, as Louisiana Chamber of Commerce Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Bridget Elaine Holmes.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Bridget Elaine Holmes.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Restaurant Association upon the occasion of its seventy-fifth anniversary.. Description: Commends the Louisiana Restaurant Association upon the occasion of its seventy-fifth anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Katherine Lindley Spaht Dodson.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Katherine Lindley Spaht Dodson.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Percival Lange LeBlanc.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Percival Lange LeBlanc.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, May 5, 2021, as Tourism Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, May 5, 2021, as Tourism Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kim Mulkey on being named the head coach of the Louisiana State University womens basketball program.. Description: Commends Kim Mulkey on being named the head coach of the Louisiana State University womens basketball program.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Pine Prairie High School in Evangeline Parish on being named a National ESEA Distinguished School in 2020.. Description: Commends Pine Prairie High School in Evangeline Parish on being named a National ESEA Distinguished School in 2020.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 26, 2021, as 4-H Day at the Senate of the Legislature of Louisiana and commends the state 4-H officers.. Description: Designates May 26, 2021, as 4-H Day at the Senate of the Legislature of Louisiana and commends the state 4-H officers.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 25, 2021, as FFA Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association.. Description: Designates May 25, 2021, as FFA Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Pat Henry, former LSU head track and field coach, on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Pat Henry, former LSU head track and field coach, on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Rickie Weeks Jr. on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Rickie Weeks Jr. on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ronnie Coleman on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Ronnie Coleman on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Coach Nick Saban upon being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Coach Nick Saban upon being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Joan Cronan upon receiving the Dave Dixon Louisiana Sports Leadership Award.. Description: Commends Joan Cronan upon receiving the Dave Dixon Louisiana Sports Leadership Award.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Congressman-elect Troy A. Carter on being elected to the 2nd Congressional District.. Description: Commends Congressman-elect Troy A. Carter on being elected to the 2nd Congressional District.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Chef Frank Brigtsen of Brigtsen's Restaurant for more than thirty years of culinary excellence and for his contributions to the city of New Orleans and state of Louisiana.. Description: Commends Chef Frank Brigtsen of Brigtsen's Restaurant for more than thirty years of culinary excellence and for his contributions to the city of New Orleans and state of Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the dedicated work of the Center for Development and Learning and recognizes May 6, 2021, as Literacy Day at the state capitol.. Description: Commends the dedicated work of the Center for Development and Learning and recognizes May 6, 2021, as Literacy Day at the state capitol.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Marques Colston on being inducted into the 2021 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Marques Colston on being inducted into the 2021 class of the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Villis P. "Bo" Dowden on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Villis P. "Bo" Dowden on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Terry McAulay on receiving the Dave Dixon Louisiana Sports Leadership Award and being named to the 2021 Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame Induction Class.. Description: Commends Terry McAulay on receiving the Dave Dixon Louisiana Sports Leadership Award and being named to the 2021 Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame Induction Class.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sheldon Mickles on receiving the Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism.. Description: Commends Sheldon Mickles on receiving the Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Doug Ireland for receiving the 2021 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism and on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Doug Ireland for receiving the 2021 Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism and on being inducted into the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ro Brown upon receiving the 2021 Louisiana Sports Writers Association's Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism.. Description: Commends Ro Brown upon receiving the 2021 Louisiana Sports Writers Association's Distinguished Service Award in Sports Journalism.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Lloyd Price, Rhythm and Blues artist.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Lloyd Price, Rhythm and Blues artist.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Monday, May 10, 2021, as Alzheimer's Awareness Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates Monday, May 10, 2021, as Alzheimer's Awareness Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to take immediate action to share information, expertise, and resources in an effort to coordinate public, private, and charitable sectors to abate hunger in Louisiana.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to take immediate action to share information, expertise, and resources in an effort to coordinate public, private, and charitable sectors to abate hunger in Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Kenneth St. Charles for his leadership and contributions as president and CEO of St. Augustine High School.. Description: Commends Dr. Kenneth St. Charles for his leadership and contributions as president and CEO of St. Augustine High School.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Earl Philson.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Earl Philson.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Joseph Seyler on the occasion of his retirement after twenty-five years of public service to the state.. Description: Commends Joseph Seyler on the occasion of his retirement after twenty-five years of public service to the state.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of community icon, Regina Walker.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of community icon, Regina Walker.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study Medicaid reimbursements for nonopioid pain treatment and opioid alternatives.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study Medicaid reimbursements for nonopioid pain treatment and opioid alternatives.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ubert Terrell on his 101st birthday and for his military service.. Description: Commends Ubert Terrell on his 101st birthday and for his military service.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Healthier Northshore for its efforts to improve the overall health of the population in LDH Region 9.. Description: Commends Healthier Northshore for its efforts to improve the overall health of the population in LDH Region 9.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the office of juvenile justice to report to the Senate Committee on Finance not later than May 31, 2021, on violent incidents occurring at secure care facilities and similar housing.. Description: Requests the office of juvenile justice to report to the Senate Committee on Finance not later than May 31, 2021, on violent incidents occurring at secure care facilities and similar housing.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Colonel Lamar A. Davis upon his appointment as the superintendent of the Louisiana State Police.. Description: Commends Colonel Lamar A. Davis upon his appointment as the superintendent of the Louisiana State Police.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Earl "Pie" Tastet on the occasion of his retirement as District 2 Justice of the Peace in St. Charles Parish.. Description: Commends Earl "Pie" Tastet on the occasion of his retirement as District 2 Justice of the Peace in St. Charles Parish.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Howard and Lillian Savoie upon the occasion of their seventy-fifth wedding anniversary.. Description: Commends Howard and Lillian Savoie upon the occasion of their seventy-fifth wedding anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the month of May 2021 as Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month in Louisiana.. Description: Designates the month of May 2021 as Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month in Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the week of May 16-22, 2021, as Emergency Medical Services Week.. Description: Recognizes the week of May 16-22, 2021, as Emergency Medical Services Week.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Thursday, April 29, 2021, as the thirty-seventh annual Red and White Day at the Louisiana Legislature.. Description: Recognizes Thursday, April 29, 2021, as the thirty-seventh annual Red and White Day at the Louisiana Legislature.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Ralph Michael "Mike" Hennessee.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Ralph Michael "Mike" Hennessee.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Acadian Companies for 50 years of service to the citizens of Louisiana.. Description: Commends Acadian Companies for 50 years of service to the citizens of Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Many High School football team on winning the LHSAA Class 2A Championship.. Description: Commends Many High School football team on winning the LHSAA Class 2A Championship.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Insurance to create a task force to study best practices for coverage of long-term supports and services.. Description: Requests the Department of Insurance to create a task force to study best practices for coverage of long-term supports and services.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Carl W. Aron on fifty years of service to the Louisiana Board of Pharmacy.. Description: Commends Carl W. Aron on fifty years of service to the Louisiana Board of Pharmacy.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Insurance to create a task force to study the causes of infertility in women and mandating insurance coverage of fertility treatments for women.. Description: Requests the Department of Insurance to create a task force to study the causes of infertility in women and mandating insurance coverage of fertility treatments for women.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Terrence L. Carter Jr. for being accepted into West Point Academy.. Description: Commends Terrence L. Carter Jr. for being accepted into West Point Academy.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Keith Whipple.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Keith Whipple.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Law Institute to study and make recommendations relative to certain collateral consequences faced by persons with criminal records.. Description: Requests the Law Institute to study and make recommendations relative to certain collateral consequences faced by persons with criminal records.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Robert Showers on his retirement from the Department of Health.. Description: Commends Robert Showers on his retirement from the Department of Health.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Recyclers Association, Inc. and the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries, and their members, for their efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Commends the Louisiana Recyclers Association, Inc. and the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries, and their members, for their efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Lafayette community icon, Eleanor Madeline Lazarus Hays.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Lafayette community icon, Eleanor Madeline Lazarus Hays.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Many High School Lady Tigers' softball team on winning the LHSAA Class 2A State Championship.. Description: Commends the Many High School Lady Tigers' softball team on winning the LHSAA Class 2A State Championship.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Crab Task Force and the Louisiana Shrimp Task Force, in cooperation with the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries, to study and make recommendations to reduce damage to crab traps and the number of derelict crab traps in Lake Pontchartrain.. Description: Requests the Crab Task Force and the Louisiana Shrimp Task Force, in cooperation with the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries, to study and make recommendations to reduce damage to crab traps and the number of derelict crab traps in Lake Pontchartrain.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Sister Marie Dixon Wallace.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Sister Marie Dixon Wallace.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the legislative auditor to conduct an efficiency audit of the Department of Children and Family Services' administration of the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program.. Description: Requests the legislative auditor to conduct an efficiency audit of the Department of Children and Family Services' administration of the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Patient's Compensation Fund Board to gather certain information and present their findings to the Senate Committee on Health and Welfare.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Patient's Compensation Fund Board to gather certain information and present their findings to the Senate Committee on Health and Welfare.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Secretary of the Senate Yolanda J. Dixon on being selected as one of the 2021 Influential Women in Business by the Greater Baton Rouge Business Report.. Description: Commends Secretary of the Senate Yolanda J. Dixon on being selected as one of the 2021 Influential Women in Business by the Greater Baton Rouge Business Report.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Dr. Ernest W. Kinchen Jr. for a distinguish medical career in service to Louisiana's citizens.. Description: Recognizes Dr. Ernest W. Kinchen Jr. for a distinguish medical career in service to Louisiana's citizens.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Veronica Lee Downs-Dorsey on her retirement.. Description: Commends Veronica Lee Downs-Dorsey on her retirement.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Terrence L. Carter Jr. on being accepted into West Point Academy.. Description: Commends Terrence L. Carter Jr. on being accepted into West Point Academy.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates First Baptist Church of Crowville, Louisiana, on its 150th anniversary.. Description: Commends and congratulates First Baptist Church of Crowville, Louisiana, on its 150th anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends World War II veteran Claude Gulley on the occasion of his one-hundredth birthday.. Description: Commends World War II veteran Claude Gulley on the occasion of his one-hundredth birthday.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May first annually as St. Joseph the Worker day in Louisiana; commemorates the "Year of St. Joseph"; recognizes the dignity of all working men and women in Louisiana.. Description: Recognizes May first annually as St. Joseph the Worker day in Louisiana; commemorates the "Year of St. Joseph"; recognizes the dignity of all working men and women in Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Board of Commissioners of the Port of New Orleans on its one hundred twenty-fifth anniversary.. Description: Commends the Board of Commissioners of the Port of New Orleans on its one hundred twenty-fifth anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the National World War II Museum on its accomplishment and merit in portraying the strength and sacrifice of our veterans and Americans of that era.. Description: Commends and congratulates the National World War II Museum on its accomplishment and merit in portraying the strength and sacrifice of our veterans and Americans of that era.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Earl Michael Willis.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Earl Michael Willis.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Continues the Task Force on Prevention of Human Degradation and Exploitation of Vulnerable Individuals in Community-Based Residential Settings.. Description: Continues the Task Force on Prevention of Human Degradation and Exploitation of Vulnerable Individuals in Community-Based Residential Settings.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Tracie M. Porter for being named an extraordinary educator for 2021 by Curriculum Associates.. Description: Commends and congratulates Tracie M. Porter for being named an extraordinary educator for 2021 by Curriculum Associates.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Shelton Charles Dixon upon twenty-five years of outstanding pastoral leadership.. Description: Commends Reverend Shelton Charles Dixon upon twenty-five years of outstanding pastoral leadership.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April as Sarcoidosis Awareness Month in Louisiana and designates April 13, 2021, as Sarcoidosis Awareness Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes April as Sarcoidosis Awareness Month in Louisiana and designates April 13, 2021, as Sarcoidosis Awareness Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Hermon Levi Milton Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Hermon Levi Milton Jr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests local governing authorities and animal shelters to adopt policies and programs to provide alternatives to euthanizing healthy dogs and cats.. Description: Requests local governing authorities and animal shelters to adopt policies and programs to provide alternatives to euthanizing healthy dogs and cats.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Deana Padgett on the occasion of her retirement from Our Lady of Lourdes Regional Medical Center after 45 years of service.. Description: Commends Deana Padgett on the occasion of her retirement from Our Lady of Lourdes Regional Medical Center after 45 years of service.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Ms. Thelma Jones Haynes as the eldest resident of Ball, Louisiana as she celebrates her 104th birthday.. Description: Commends and congratulates Ms. Thelma Jones Haynes as the eldest resident of Ball, Louisiana as she celebrates her 104th birthday.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Monroe Chamber of Commerce on its 100th anniversary.. Description: Commends the Monroe Chamber of Commerce on its 100th anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Joseph Raphael Sims on attaining the rank of Eagle Scout.. Description: Commends Joseph Raphael Sims on attaining the rank of Eagle Scout.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the implementation of a partnership between law enforcement agencies and safety net hospitals.. Description: Creates a task force to study the implementation of a partnership between law enforcement agencies and safety net hospitals.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Tuesday, June 1, 2021, as Louisiana Music Advocacy Day at the Louisiana Legislature.. Description: Recognizes Tuesday, June 1, 2021, as Louisiana Music Advocacy Day at the Louisiana Legislature.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the privatization of ferry operations throughout the state.. Description: Requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the privatization of ferry operations throughout the state.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education to recreate the Louisiana Early Literacy Commission to study and make recommendations relative to improving reading proficiency for certain students.. Description: Requests the state Department of Education to recreate the Louisiana Early Literacy Commission to study and make recommendations relative to improving reading proficiency for certain students.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Debra Lawler Beeper Garner on the occasion of her retirement.. Description: Commends Debra Lawler Beeper Garner on the occasion of her retirement.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Loyola University New Orleans baseball team on winning the Southern States Athletics Conference regular season title.. Description: Commends Loyola University New Orleans baseball team on winning the Southern States Athletics Conference regular season title.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mia LeJeune on being awarded the 2021 Truman Scholarship.. Description: Commends Mia LeJeune on being awarded the 2021 Truman Scholarship.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the office of public health, Louisiana Department of Health, to provide a comprehensive list of all schools, kindergartens, colleges, universities, proprietary schools, vocational schools, and licensed day care centers that have sought approval of the office to require a COVID-19 immunization pursuant to R.S. 17:170(A)(3).. Description: Requests the office of public health, Louisiana Department of Health, to provide a comprehensive list of all schools, kindergartens, colleges, universities, proprietary schools, vocational schools, and licensed day care centers that have sought approval of the office to require a COVID-19 immunization pursuant to R.S. 17:170(A)(3).
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates September 2021 as Prostate Cancer Awareness Month in Louisiana.. Description: Designates September 2021 as Prostate Cancer Awareness Month in Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 15 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 15 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools in Senate District 1 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools in Senate District 1 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 2 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 2 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Annelise Cassar of Chalmette High School on being named the Teacher of the Year from a school located in Senate District 3 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends Annelise Cassar of Chalmette High School on being named the Teacher of the Year from a school located in Senate District 3 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 4 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 4 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 6 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 6 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Catherine Coats-Haynes of Academy School for Advanced Studies on being named the Teacher of the Year from a school in Senate District 9 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends Catherine Coats-Haynes of Academy School for Advanced Studies on being named the Teacher of the Year from a school in Senate District 9 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 10 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 10 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jessica Baudin on being selected Teacher of the Year from a school in Senate District 11 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends Jessica Baudin on being selected Teacher of the Year from a school in Senate District 11 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 12 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 12 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 14 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 14 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dewanna Drewery of Tara High School on being named the Teacher of the Year from a school in Senate District 16 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends Dewanna Drewery of Tara High School on being named the Teacher of the Year from a school in Senate District 16 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 18 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 18 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 19 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 19 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 20 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 20 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 21 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 21 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 22 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 22 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 23 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 23 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 24 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 24 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 25 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 25 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sheri Istre of Gueydan High School on being named Teacher of the Year from a school in Senate District 26 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends Sheri Istre of Gueydan High School on being named Teacher of the Year from a school in Senate District 26 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 27 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 27 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 28 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 28 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 29 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 29 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 30 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 30 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 31 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 31 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 32 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 32 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 33 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 33 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 34 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 34 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 35 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 35 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 36 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 36 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Carrie Loridans of Captain Shreve High School on being named Teacher of the Year from a school in Senate District 37 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends Carrie Loridans of Captain Shreve High School on being named Teacher of the Year from a school in Senate District 37 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 38 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 38 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-East to notify the Senate Committee on Finance of all considerations to sell, donate, or exchange property owned by the authority and the proceeds from such sale shall be remitted to the division of administration.. Description: Directs the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority-East to notify the Senate Committee on Finance of all considerations to sell, donate, or exchange property owned by the authority and the proceeds from such sale shall be remitted to the division of administration.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senate security officer, Chester Quebedeaux, on the occasion of his retirement.. Description: Commends Senate security officer, Chester Quebedeaux, on the occasion of his retirement.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 2, 2021, as Teacher of the Year Day at the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Designates June 2, 2021, as Teacher of the Year Day at the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 15 on Teacher of the Year Day in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 15 on Teacher of the Year Day in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 39 on Teacher of the Year Day in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 39 on Teacher of the Year Day in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 17 on Teacher of the Year Day in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 17 on Teacher of the Year Day in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests certain federal funds received be deployed by the Louisiana Economic Development Corporation for certain state seed capital programs.. Description: Requests certain federal funds received be deployed by the Louisiana Economic Development Corporation for certain state seed capital programs.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 13 on Teacher of the Year Day in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 13 on Teacher of the Year Day in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Shirley Grimes on her retirement from the Ascension Parish School Board.. Description: Commends Shirley Grimes on her retirement from the Ascension Parish School Board.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Thaddaeus M. Sands on his leadership and contributions as Educator and JAG Specialist at Peabody Magnet High School in Alexandria, Louisiana.. Description: Commends Thaddaeus M. Sands on his leadership and contributions as Educator and JAG Specialist at Peabody Magnet High School in Alexandria, Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the secretary of the Department of Natural Resources and the commissioner of the Department of Agriculture and Forestry to hold a public hearing and invite representatives from the Police Jury Association of Louisiana and the Louisiana Municipal Association and other impacted entities for the purpose of receiving public testimony on issues and concerns related to the development and production of solar energy in the state and to provide guidance addressing those issues and concerns.. Description: Requests the secretary of the Department of Natural Resources and the commissioner of the Department of Agriculture and Forestry to hold a public hearing and invite representatives from the Police Jury Association of Louisiana and the Louisiana Municipal Association and other impacted entities for the purpose of receiving public testimony on issues and concerns related to the development and production of solar energy in the state and to provide guidance addressing those issues and concerns.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Senate security officer, James Richard Bright, on the occasion of his retirement.. Description: Commends Senate security officer, James Richard Bright, on the occasion of his retirement.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a task force to study health care outcomes in this state, with particular emphasis on access to care and the role that physician assistants should play to assist with the shortage of health care providers.. Description: Establishes a task force to study health care outcomes in this state, with particular emphasis on access to care and the role that physician assistants should play to assist with the shortage of health care providers.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Morehouse College men's basketball coach Grady Brewer.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Morehouse College men's basketball coach Grady Brewer.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To commend Brown Builders on its 50th Anniversary.. Description: To commend Brown Builders on its 50th Anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the secretary of the Louisiana Workforce Commission to submit a written report to Senate Committee on Labor and Industrial Relations on a plan to implement and administer changes to the unemployment insurance program.. Description: Requests the secretary of the Louisiana Workforce Commission to submit a written report to Senate Committee on Labor and Industrial Relations on a plan to implement and administer changes to the unemployment insurance program.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Joint Legislative Committee on Technology and Cybersecurity to study the impacts of the buying, selling, and usage of consumer data transactions.. Description: Requests the Joint Legislative Committee on Technology and Cybersecurity to study the impacts of the buying, selling, and usage of consumer data transactions.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 3, 2021, as Women in Public Office Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates June 3, 2021, as Women in Public Office Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jim "Doc" Murphy on the occasion of his retirement from McNeese State University.. Description: Commends Jim "Doc" Murphy on the occasion of his retirement from McNeese State University.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Lafayette Economic Development Authority to develop and implement a comprehensive economic development strategic plan for the northern part of the city of Lafayette.. Description: Requests the Lafayette Economic Development Authority to develop and implement a comprehensive economic development strategic plan for the northern part of the city of Lafayette.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To recognize Monday, June 7, 2021, as Louisiana Childhood Obesity Awareness Day and commend efforts to prevent and combat childhood obesity in Louisiana.. Description: To recognize Monday, June 7, 2021, as Louisiana Childhood Obesity Awareness Day and commend efforts to prevent and combat childhood obesity in Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study Code of Civil Procedure provisions regarding succession proceedings.. Description: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study Code of Civil Procedure provisions regarding succession proceedings.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the attorney general to reestablish the Task Force on Protecting Children from Exposure to Pornography to study all issues related to the exposure of children to pornography and the impact it has on their lives.. Description: Requests the attorney general to reestablish the Task Force on Protecting Children from Exposure to Pornography to study all issues related to the exposure of children to pornography and the impact it has on their lives.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Dawn Harris Jeffries on becoming the new president and CEO of the Tri-County (Peoria) Urban League.. Description: Commends Dr. Dawn Harris Jeffries on becoming the new president and CEO of the Tri-County (Peoria) Urban League.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the New Orleans City Council to implement a comprehensive plan to address property blight in New Orleans East.. Description: Requests the New Orleans City Council to implement a comprehensive plan to address property blight in New Orleans East.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the New Orleans City Council and the planning commission to study and make recommendations updating neighborhood boundaries in New Orleans East.. Description: Requests the New Orleans City Council and the planning commission to study and make recommendations updating neighborhood boundaries in New Orleans East.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Martha Delia Battaglio.. Description: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Martha Delia Battaglio.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Scott Angelle, the longest serving Director of the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, United States Department of Interior, for his efforts regarding offshore worker safety, environmental sustainability of offshore energy, increasing economic activity, and improving conservation of offshore resources.. Description: Commends Scott Angelle, the longest serving Director of the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, United States Department of Interior, for his efforts regarding offshore worker safety, environmental sustainability of offshore energy, increasing economic activity, and improving conservation of offshore resources.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commemorates the adoption of the flag of the United States on June 14, 1777, and recognizes National Flag Week, June 13-19, 2021, in Louisiana.. Description: Commemorates the adoption of the flag of the United States on June 14, 1777, and recognizes National Flag Week, June 13-19, 2021, in Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates Task Force on Statewide Standards for Clerks of Court Electronic Filing and Records Retention.. Description: Creates Task Force on Statewide Standards for Clerks of Court Electronic Filing and Records Retention.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the sincere and heartfelt condolences of the Louisiana Senate on the death of Timothy James Prather.. Description: Expresses the sincere and heartfelt condolences of the Louisiana Senate on the death of Timothy James Prather.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Elizabeth Gatti on being selected as the 2021 Bossier Parish High School Student of the Year. Description: Commends Elizabeth Gatti on being selected as the 2021 Bossier Parish High School Student of the Year
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Landry Rivers on being selected as the 2021 Bossier Parish Elementary Student of the Year.. Description: Commends Landry Rivers on being selected as the 2021 Bossier Parish Elementary Student of the Year.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kylie Small on being selected as the 2021 Bossier Parish Middle School Student of the Year and a finalist for the 2021 Louisiana Middle School Student of the Year.. Description: Commends Kylie Small on being selected as the 2021 Bossier Parish Middle School Student of the Year and a finalist for the 2021 Louisiana Middle School Student of the Year.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to amend the state Medicaid plan to extend postpartum coverage for a full year after pregnancy ends.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to amend the state Medicaid plan to extend postpartum coverage for a full year after pregnancy ends.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study Medicaid rates for nonemergency medical transportation services and potential means for financing those services.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study Medicaid rates for nonemergency medical transportation services and potential means for financing those services.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jerry G. Jones upon his retirement from the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends Jerry G. Jones upon his retirement from the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Champagne family of St. Charles Parish as the most military family in America.. Description: Commends the Champagne family of St. Charles Parish as the most military family in America.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends members of the Baton Rouge Fire Department for winning the 2021 Pensacola Beach Firefighters Challenge, the toughest firefighter competition in the United States.. Description: Commends members of the Baton Rouge Fire Department for winning the 2021 Pensacola Beach Firefighters Challenge, the toughest firefighter competition in the United States.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the equine industry in St. Landry Parish for its cultural and economic impact to the state of Louisiana.. Description: Commends the equine industry in St. Landry Parish for its cultural and economic impact to the state of Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests state and local criminal justice agencies to review and modernize technologies used to track offenders and parolees.. Description: Requests state and local criminal justice agencies to review and modernize technologies used to track offenders and parolees.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health and the LSU Health Services Center - New Orleans, health care services division, to report on the use and results of hydroxychloroquine on Medicaid patients for treating COVID-19.. Description: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health and the LSU Health Services Center - New Orleans, health care services division, to report on the use and results of hydroxychloroquine on Medicaid patients for treating COVID-19.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jeffrey Ditman 2020-2021 on being named Teacher of the Year at Lutcher High School from District 18.. Description: Commends Jeffrey Ditman 2020-2021 on being named Teacher of the Year at Lutcher High School from District 18.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Becky Louque for being named the St. James Parish School System's 2020-2021 Principal of the Year.. Description: Commends Becky Louque for being named the St. James Parish School System's 2020-2021 Principal of the Year.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Gregg Gothreaux on his many accomplishments and years of service with the Lafayette Economic Development Authority (LEDA).. Description: Commends Gregg Gothreaux on his many accomplishments and years of service with the Lafayette Economic Development Authority (LEDA).
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the City Court of Shreveport to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the City Court of Shreveport to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the City Court of Baton Rouge to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the City Court of Baton Rouge to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Juvenile Court for Caddo Parish to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Juvenile Court for Caddo Parish to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Juvenile Court for the parish of East Baton Rouge to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Juvenile Court for the parish of East Baton Rouge to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Family Court for the parish of East Baton Rouge to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Family Court for the parish of East Baton Rouge to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Twenty-Seventh Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Twenty-Seventh Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Twenty-Fourth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Twenty-Fourth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Twenty-Third Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Twenty-Third Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Nineteenth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Nineteenth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Sixteenth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Sixteenth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Fifteenth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Fifteenth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Fourteenth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Fourteenth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Fourth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Fourth Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the First Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the First Judicial District Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeal to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts and sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeal to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts and sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeal to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts of the court.. Description: Requests the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeal to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Third Circuit Court of Appeal to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts and sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Third Circuit Court of Appeal to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts and sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Second Circuit Court of Appeal to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts and sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Second Circuit Court of Appeal to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts and sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the First Circuit Court of Appeal to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts and sections of the court.. Description: Requests the First Circuit Court of Appeal to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts and sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Supreme Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts of the court.. Description: Requests the Supreme Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election districts of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Thomas C. Galligan Jr. for his service as interim president of Louisiana State University.. Description: Commends Thomas C. Galligan Jr. for his service as interim president of Louisiana State University.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study the implementation and funding of mental health courts in Senate District No. 34.. Description: Creates a task force to study the implementation and funding of mental health courts in Senate District No. 34.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education to study the provision of duty-free lunch periods to public school teachers.. Description: Requests the state Department of Education to study the provision of duty-free lunch periods to public school teachers.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Workforce Commission study its processes used to determine if an unemployed worker is conducting an active search for reemployment along with available measures to ensure enforcement.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Workforce Commission study its processes used to determine if an unemployed worker is conducting an active search for reemployment along with available measures to ensure enforcement.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to enact the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act (TROA).. Description: Memorializes Congress to enact the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act (TROA).
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the Senate on the death of Martha White, a key participant in the 1953 Baton Rouge bus boycott.. Description: Expresses the condolences of the Senate on the death of Martha White, a key participant in the 1953 Baton Rouge bus boycott.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recreates the Louisiana Public Defender Board Optimal Funding Group to study and make recommendations regarding the feasibility of establishing an optimal funding mechanism for the Louisiana Public Defender Board.. Description: Recreates the Louisiana Public Defender Board Optimal Funding Group to study and make recommendations regarding the feasibility of establishing an optimal funding mechanism for the Louisiana Public Defender Board.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Supreme Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Supreme Court to make recommendations for the redistricting of election sections of the court.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Gregg Gothreaux on his many accomplishments and years of service with the Lafayette Economic Development Authority (LEDA).. Description: Commends Gregg Gothreaux on his many accomplishments and years of service with the Lafayette Economic Development Authority (LEDA).
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that certain topics related to American history and world history be included in state content standards and curricula for public school students.. Description: Requests that certain topics related to American history and world history be included in state content standards and curricula for public school students.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Baton Rouge Police Department Corporal Casey Hart.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Baton Rouge Police Department Corporal Casey Hart.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Teresa Anasagasti of Morris Jeff Community School on being named Teacher of the Year from a school located in Senate District 5 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.. Description: Commends Teresa Anasagasti of Morris Jeff Community School on being named Teacher of the Year from a school located in Senate District 5 on "Teacher of the Year Day" in the Louisiana Senate.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere condolences upon the deaths of John and Jennie Lee Falgout.. Description: Expresses sincere condolences upon the deaths of John and Jennie Lee Falgout.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Volunteers of America on the occasion of its one hundred twenty-fifth anniversary.. Description: Commends Volunteers of America on the occasion of its one hundred twenty-fifth anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests each member of the Louisiana congressional delegation, certain state agencies, and private companies to expand the Department of Defense SkillBridge program to include reserve members of the National Guard. Description: Requests each member of the Louisiana congressional delegation, certain state agencies, and private companies to expand the Department of Defense SkillBridge program to include reserve members of the National Guard
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a hospital stabilization formula (EN +$106,646,197 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for a hospital stabilization formula (EN +$106,646,197 SD RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Kidney Disease Prevention and Education Task Force. Description: Creates the Louisiana Kidney Disease Prevention and Education Task Force
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes a member of the Joint Medicaid Oversight Committee to request the presiding officer of his house to designate another member to serve as his proxy at a meeting of the committee that the member is unable to attend. Description: Authorizes a member of the Joint Medicaid Oversight Committee to request the presiding officer of his house to designate another member to serve as his proxy at a meeting of the committee that the member is unable to attend
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Suspends criminal penalties for emergency order violations (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Suspends criminal penalties for emergency order violations (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs flood protection districts and parish governing authorities in areas benefitting from the federal Hurricane and Storm Damage Risk Reduction System (HSDRRS) to contribute towards the $400 million annual payments the state must make for this project (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Directs flood protection districts and parish governing authorities in areas benefitting from the federal Hurricane and Storm Damage Risk Reduction System (HSDRRS) to contribute towards the $400 million annual payments the state must make for this project (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to take actions necessary to review and eliminate or reduce the Government Pension Offset and the Windfall Elimination Provision. Description: Memorializes Congress to take actions necessary to review and eliminate or reduce the Government Pension Offset and the Windfall Elimination Provision
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Louisiana congressman-elect Luke Letlow. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Louisiana congressman-elect Luke Letlow
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of former state representative Stephen F. Carter. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of former state representative Stephen F. Carter
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes and recognizes the Central Louisiana Delegation Caucus. Description: Establishes and recognizes the Central Louisiana Delegation Caucus
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to develop a plan for providing school literacy coaches for students in kindergarten through second grade in elementary schools identified as needing improvement. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to develop a plan for providing school literacy coaches for students in kindergarten through second grade in elementary schools identified as needing improvement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jefferson Davis Parish District Attorney Michael Cassidy on his retirement. Description: Commends Jefferson Davis Parish District Attorney Michael Cassidy on his retirement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Welsh Mayor Carolyn Louviere on the occasion of her retirement. Description: Commends Welsh Mayor Carolyn Louviere on the occasion of her retirement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Juvenile Justice Reform Act Implementation Commission to study local education agency budgets. Description: Requests the Juvenile Justice Reform Act Implementation Commission to study local education agency budgets
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study by certain state agencies concerning the impact of COVID-19 on the public sector workforce of this state. Description: Requests a study by certain state agencies concerning the impact of COVID-19 on the public sector workforce of this state
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the National Association of Real Estate Brokers and recognizes April 11-17, 2021, as Realtist Week at the state capitol. Description: Commends the National Association of Real Estate Brokers and recognizes April 11-17, 2021, as Realtist Week at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education study and report on processes used to collect, investigate, track, monitor, and disclose complaints and deficiencies relative to child care providers. Description: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education study and report on processes used to collect, investigate, track, monitor, and disclose complaints and deficiencies relative to child care providers
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Supreme Court of Louisiana to approve ethics training for legislators. Description: Requests the Supreme Court of Louisiana to approve ethics training for legislators
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study how to develop a more diverse group of candidates for head coach and athletic director positions at public postsecondary education institutions. Description: Creates a task force to study how to develop a more diverse group of candidates for head coach and athletic director positions at public postsecondary education institutions
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the governor appoint additional women to public postsecondary education boards so that women will comprise at least fifty percent of each board's membership by July 1, 2023. Description: Requests that the governor appoint additional women to public postsecondary education boards so that women will comprise at least fifty percent of each board's membership by July 1, 2023
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Marion "Butch" Fox. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Marion "Butch" Fox
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to require public school governing authorities to post certain fiscal information online. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to require public school governing authorities to post certain fiscal information online
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Robert Patrick. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Robert Patrick
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Daryl Purpera on his retirement from service as legislative auditor. Description: Commends Daryl Purpera on his retirement from service as legislative auditor
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 2021 as Autism Acceptance Month in Louisiana. Description: Designates April 2021 as Autism Acceptance Month in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to conduct a study to determine the final destination of oyster shells removed from Louisiana waters. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to conduct a study to determine the final destination of oyster shells removed from Louisiana waters
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Vernon Parish and its parish seat of Leesville on the one hundred fiftieth anniversary of their founding. Description: Commends Vernon Parish and its parish seat of Leesville on the one hundred fiftieth anniversary of their founding
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Bd. of Regents and the State Bd. of Elementary and Secondary Education study the possibility of allowing a course in African American Studies to satisfy certain curriculum requirements. Description: Requests that the Bd. of Regents and the State Bd. of Elementary and Secondary Education study the possibility of allowing a course in African American Studies to satisfy certain curriculum requirements
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Holly Frederick Reynolds for her animal rights advocacy. Description: Commends Holly Frederick Reynolds for her animal rights advocacy
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 2021 as West Nile Virus Awareness Month. Description: Recognizes April 2021 as West Nile Virus Awareness Month
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Charles Earl "Charlie" Martin. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Charles Earl "Charlie" Martin
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the legislature on the death of Louisiana congressman-elect Luke Letlow. Description: Expresses the condolences of the legislature on the death of Louisiana congressman-elect Luke Letlow
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study regarding potential means of financing dental care for adult residents of intermediate care facilities. Description: Requests a study regarding potential means of financing dental care for adult residents of intermediate care facilities
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port (LOOP) on its fortieth anniversary. Description: Commends the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port (LOOP) on its fortieth anniversary
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the feasibility of having two dedicated lanes to exit eastbound from the Horace Wilkinson Bridge. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the feasibility of having two dedicated lanes to exit eastbound from the Horace Wilkinson Bridge
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Environmental Quality to implement measures to prevent the release and discharge of preproduction plastic from facilities into the waters of the state of Louisiana. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Environmental Quality to implement measures to prevent the release and discharge of preproduction plastic from facilities into the waters of the state of Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 26, 2021, as HBCU Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates April 26, 2021, as HBCU Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study issues related to teacher shortages in Louisiana. Description: Creates a task force to study issues related to teacher shortages in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Economic Development and the State Board of Commerce and Industry to suspend certain tax incentives, subsidies, and other public financial support for certain utility scale solar projects. Description: Requests the Department of Economic Development and the State Board of Commerce and Industry to suspend certain tax incentives, subsidies, and other public financial support for certain utility scale solar projects
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Louisiana Restaurant Association on the occasion of its seventy-fifth anniversary. Description: Commends Louisiana Restaurant Association on the occasion of its seventy-fifth anniversary
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the La. Department of Health to authorize coverage through the Medicaid managed care program for services delivered by chiropractic physicians. Description: Requests the La. Department of Health to authorize coverage through the Medicaid managed care program for services delivered by chiropractic physicians
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 28, 2021, as the first annual Louisiana Loggers Day at the Capitol. Description: Designates April 28, 2021, as the first annual Louisiana Loggers Day at the Capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study concerning a potential system for tracking the location of children with developmental and intellectual disabilities. Description: Requests a study concerning a potential system for tracking the location of children with developmental and intellectual disabilities
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the governor's executive assistant for coastal activities to coordinate a study among state agencies and make recommendations to the governor and the legislature relative to management of the Amite River Basin. Description: Urges and requests the governor's executive assistant for coastal activities to coordinate a study among state agencies and make recommendations to the governor and the legislature relative to management of the Amite River Basin
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Bradley Dewayne Cryer, assistant legislative auditor and director of local government services. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Bradley Dewayne Cryer, assistant legislative auditor and director of local government services
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests continued support for the efforts in the Mississippi River Basin to achieve the goals of the Gulf Hypoxia Action Plan. Description: Urges and requests continued support for the efforts in the Mississippi River Basin to achieve the goals of the Gulf Hypoxia Action Plan
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 2-9, 2021, as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week. Description: Designates May 2-9, 2021, as Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Calls for a convention to amend the United States Constitution to establish a limitation on terms for members of congress. Description: Calls for a convention to amend the United States Constitution to establish a limitation on terms for members of congress
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Alexandria city councilman, Harry Silver, on his retirement. Description: Commends Alexandria city councilman, Harry Silver, on his retirement
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the health and safety conditions of Louisiana prisons and jails. Description: Requests a study of the health and safety conditions of Louisiana prisons and jails
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the members of the United States Armed Forces for their service and proclaims May 2021 as Military Appreciation Month. Description: Commends the members of the United States Armed Forces for their service and proclaims May 2021 as Military Appreciation Month
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the members of the board of directors of the Louisiana School Boards Association. Description: Commends the members of the board of directors of the Louisiana School Boards Association
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Outdoor Conservation Study Group to study conservation funding mechanisms and programs. Description: Creates the Outdoor Conservation Study Group to study conservation funding mechanisms and programs
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education study health and safety best practices for use of school-issued digital devices. Description: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education study health and safety best practices for use of school-issued digital devices
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the division of administration to provide electronic access to a synchronized copy of the data points in the LaGov Enterprise Resource Planning system to the legislative auditor. Description: Requests the division of administration to provide electronic access to a synchronized copy of the data points in the LaGov Enterprise Resource Planning system to the legislative auditor
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 19, 2021, as CODOFIL Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 19, 2021, as CODOFIL Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges the Supreme Court of La. to approve CLE credit for full-time legislative staff attorneys. Description: Urges the Supreme Court of La. to approve CLE credit for full-time legislative staff attorneys
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the secretary of state to study the implementation of a notification system to alert a voter regarding the status of his vote. Description: Requests the secretary of state to study the implementation of a notification system to alert a voter regarding the status of his vote
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Directs the Firefighters' Retirement System to form a committee to study issues related to allowing employees of private entities to participate in the system. Description: Directs the Firefighters' Retirement System to form a committee to study issues related to allowing employees of private entities to participate in the system
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Community and Technical College System to create commercial driver training programs to advance training standards and safety. Description: Requests the Louisiana Community and Technical College System to create commercial driver training programs to advance training standards and safety
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes congress to modify the H-2B nonimmigrant program to assist with labor workforce shortage in the state. Description: Memorializes congress to modify the H-2B nonimmigrant program to assist with labor workforce shortage in the state
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Continues the Joint Subcommittee on International Trade to study how to best capitalize on Louisiana's international trade potential. Description: Continues the Joint Subcommittee on International Trade to study how to best capitalize on Louisiana's international trade potential
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 2021 as Nurses Month in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes May 2021 as Nurses Month in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study safe speeds on Hwy. 20 from the city limits of Thibodaux northbound to Hwy. 304. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study safe speeds on Hwy. 20 from the city limits of Thibodaux northbound to Hwy. 304
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and expresses support for the cooperative conservation and management work being carried out by agricultural conservation partnerships in the state. Description: Commends and expresses support for the cooperative conservation and management work being carried out by agricultural conservation partnerships in the state
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to redistricting principles and criteria. Description: Provides relative to redistricting principles and criteria
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the lieutenant governor, the secretary of state, the Louisiana Environmental Education Commission, and local government associations to assist in the promotion and establishment of programs for the collection and recycling of campaign signs. Description: Urges and requests the lieutenant governor, the secretary of state, the Louisiana Environmental Education Commission, and local government associations to assist in the promotion and establishment of programs for the collection and recycling of campaign signs
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the administration of President Biden to end its pause on offshore oil and gas leasing. Description: Urges and requests the administration of President Biden to end its pause on offshore oil and gas leasing
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 22 through 28, 2021, as "Safe Boating Week" in Louisiana. Description: Designates May 22 through 28, 2021, as "Safe Boating Week" in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the collaboration of certain departments with the Louisiana Waterfowl Working Group to improve waterfowl habitats on private, state, and federally owned lands. Description: Urges and requests the collaboration of certain departments with the Louisiana Waterfowl Working Group to improve waterfowl habitats on private, state, and federally owned lands
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana congressional delegation to support the Secure and Fair Enforcement (SAFE) Banking Act of 2021. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana congressional delegation to support the Secure and Fair Enforcement (SAFE) Banking Act of 2021
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the feasibility and reasonableness of increasing the gross vehicle weight and axle weight limits for an annual permit. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study the feasibility and reasonableness of increasing the gross vehicle weight and axle weight limits for an annual permit
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to convene an opioid action summit. Description: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to convene an opioid action summit
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Calvary Baptist Academy softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division IV state championship. Description: Commends the Calvary Baptist Academy softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division IV state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the North DeSoto High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 4A state championship. Description: Commends the North DeSoto High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 4A state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 11, 2021, as Hospital Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 11, 2021, as Hospital Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the legislative auditor to include processes regarding elections in its upcoming performance audit of the Department of State. Description: Directs the legislative auditor to include processes regarding elections in its upcoming performance audit of the Department of State
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development to study water drainage issues in Livingston Parish as a result of Interstate 12 median walls. Description: Directs the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development to study water drainage issues in Livingston Parish as a result of Interstate 12 median walls
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Su King on the occasion of her retirement from House Legislative Services. Description: Commends Su King on the occasion of her retirement from House Legislative Services
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Police Commission to adopt policies that reflect legislation recommended by the Police Training, Screening, and De-escalation Task Force. Description: Requests the State Police Commission to adopt policies that reflect legislation recommended by the Police Training, Screening, and De-escalation Task Force
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of policies relative to certain health issues of women prisoners. Description: Requests a study of policies relative to certain health issues of women prisoners
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Directs the La. State Law Institute to study the adoption of the Uniform Partition of Heirs' Property Act. Description: Directs the La. State Law Institute to study the adoption of the Uniform Partition of Heirs' Property Act
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends The Society of the Honor Guard, Tomb of the Unknown Soldier and the American Rose Society on leading the commemoration of the centennial of the Unknown Soldier and encourages participation in commemorations on Memorial Day and Veterans Day. Description: Commends The Society of the Honor Guard, Tomb of the Unknown Soldier and the American Rose Society on leading the commemoration of the centennial of the Unknown Soldier and encourages participation in commemorations on Memorial Day and Veterans Day
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study provisions of law on partition of community property. Description: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to study provisions of law on partition of community property
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Posthumously commends Frederick Davoust "Fred" Cart for his devotion to the town of Iota, Louisiana, and for his support of Iota High School. Description: Posthumously commends Frederick Davoust "Fred" Cart for his devotion to the town of Iota, Louisiana, and for his support of Iota High School
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to examine the laws relative to motor vehicle accidents. Description: Requests the Louisiana State Law Institute to examine the laws relative to motor vehicle accidents
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to support Israel. Description: Memorializes Congress to support Israel
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of case law and best practices to better understand other approaches to parole. Description: Requests a study of case law and best practices to better understand other approaches to parole
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the legislature's opposition to a disproportionate increase in the taxation of oil and gas industries. Description: Expresses the legislature's opposition to a disproportionate increase in the taxation of oil and gas industries
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests Louisiana State University and the office of state fire marshal to work collaboratively to enhance firefighter training. Description: Requests Louisiana State University and the office of state fire marshal to work collaboratively to enhance firefighter training
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a commission to study the procedures for processing felony sentences and calculating incarceration release dates of persons in the custody of the Department of Public Safety and Corrections. Description: Creates a commission to study the procedures for processing felony sentences and calculating incarceration release dates of persons in the custody of the Department of Public Safety and Corrections
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes June 27, 2021, as Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes June 27, 2021, as Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that certain state agencies address the impacts of maternal depression and anxiety and provide evidence-based preventive care, early identification, and treatment services. Description: Requests that certain state agencies address the impacts of maternal depression and anxiety and provide evidence-based preventive care, early identification, and treatment services
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 25, 2021, as Louisiana Judicial Council of the National Bar Association Day at the state capitol. Description: Designates May 25, 2021, as Louisiana Judicial Council of the National Bar Association Day at the state capitol
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Louisiana Maternal Mental Health Task Force for the purposes of advancing education and treatment and improving services relating to maternal mental heath. Description: Establishes the Louisiana Maternal Mental Health Task Force for the purposes of advancing education and treatment and improving services relating to maternal mental heath
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study issues associated with the direct-to-consumer shipment of wine in Louisiana. Description: Creates a task force to study issues associated with the direct-to-consumer shipment of wine in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of James Wesley Quillin. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of James Wesley Quillin
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education take all necessary actions to provide that no measure of student growth be used in the evaluation of teachers for the 2020-2021 school year. Description: Requests that the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education take all necessary actions to provide that no measure of student growth be used in the evaluation of teachers for the 2020-2021 school year
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Department of Economic Development to study and report on cyber-related issues. Description: Directs the Department of Economic Development to study and report on cyber-related issues
In 2021, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Memorializes congress to discontinue federal unemployment compensation benefits. Description: Memorializes congress to discontinue federal unemployment compensation benefits
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 3, 2021, as Louisiana Occupational Therapy Association Day at the legislature. Description: Designates June 3, 2021, as Louisiana Occupational Therapy Association Day at the legislature
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to establish a pilot program to increase prostate cancer awareness and education. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to establish a pilot program to increase prostate cancer awareness and education
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Barbe High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 5A state championship. Description: Commends the Barbe High School baseball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 5A state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Barbe High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 5A state championship. Description: Commends the Barbe High School softball team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Class 5A state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Barbe High School girls' golf team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division I state championship. Description: Commends the Barbe High School girls' golf team on winning the Louisiana High School Athletic Association 2021 Division I state championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Department of Transportation and Development on its centennial celebration. Description: Commends the Department of Transportation and Development on its centennial celebration
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes June 7, 2021, as Louisiana Childhood Obesity Awareness Day at the state capitol and commends medical professionals for their efforts to prevent and combat childhood obesity in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes June 7, 2021, as Louisiana Childhood Obesity Awareness Day at the state capitol and commends medical professionals for their efforts to prevent and combat childhood obesity in Louisiana
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to convene a healthcare workplace violence task force to advance the priorities expressed in HCR No. 60 of the 2019 R.S.. Description: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to convene a healthcare workplace violence task force to advance the priorities expressed in HCR No. 60 of the 2019 R.S.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Continues the Unemployment Compensation and Trust Fund Task Force. Description: Continues the Unemployment Compensation and Trust Fund Task Force
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the Legislature of Louisiana on the death of Quinon Odell "Homeboy" Pitre. Description: Expresses the condolences of the Legislature of Louisiana on the death of Quinon Odell "Homeboy" Pitre
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs a joint subcommittee to study certain contractual restrictions on the practice of medicine. Description: Directs a joint subcommittee to study certain contractual restrictions on the practice of medicine
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Christopher L. "Chris" Duncan. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Christopher L. "Chris" Duncan
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to adjust the state Medicaid budget to allocate funding more equitably throughout the disability services system. Description: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to adjust the state Medicaid budget to allocate funding more equitably throughout the disability services system
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Art and Science Museum on its sixtieth anniversary. Description: Commends the Louisiana Art and Science Museum on its sixtieth anniversary
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana State University at Eunice baseball team on winning the National Junior College Athletic Association 2021 Division II National Championship. Description: Commends the Louisiana State University at Eunice baseball team on winning the National Junior College Athletic Association 2021 Division II National Championship
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. R. Pat Day upon his retirement after twenty-seven years of outstanding pastoral leadership.. Description: Commends Dr. R. Pat Day upon his retirement after twenty-seven years of outstanding pastoral leadership.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for legislative approval of the MFP formula for the 2021-2022 school year. (7/1/21) (EN +$18,763,359 EX See Note). Description: Provides for legislative approval of the MFP formula for the 2021-2022 school year. (7/1/21) (EN +$18,763,359 EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Suspends certain provisions of law relative to unemployment tax increases and benefit reductions. (EN NO IMPACT OF RV See Note). Description: Suspends certain provisions of law relative to unemployment tax increases and benefit reductions. (EN NO IMPACT OF RV See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Suspends provision of law capping amount of revenue which can be spent by the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism on in-state advertising. (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Suspends provision of law capping amount of revenue which can be spent by the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism on in-state advertising. (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Suspends the provision of law providing for an unemployment insurance solvency tax. (EN NO IMPACT FF EX See Note). Description: Suspends the provision of law providing for an unemployment insurance solvency tax. (EN NO IMPACT FF EX See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of William Brent Lumpkin.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of William Brent Lumpkin.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Deacon James "Chris" Gregory.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Deacon James "Chris" Gregory.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Approves the annual state integrated coastal protection plan for Fiscal Year 2022, as adopted by the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board.. Description: Approves the annual state integrated coastal protection plan for Fiscal Year 2022, as adopted by the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes The North Face as an "Extraordinary Customer" of the the Louisiana oil and gas and petrochemical industries.. Description: Recognizes The North Face as an "Extraordinary Customer" of the the Louisiana oil and gas and petrochemical industries.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. David Buttross Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. David Buttross Jr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Richard Don Clements Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Richard Don Clements Jr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Clifford Lee "Cliff" Newman.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Clifford Lee "Cliff" Newman.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Calvary Baptist Academy Cavaliers on winning the 2020 Division IV state football championship.. Description: Commends the Calvary Baptist Academy Cavaliers on winning the 2020 Division IV state football championship.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to create a Purple Star School Award Program.. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to create a Purple Star School Award Program.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Colton Sanders of CNC Oilfield Services for his aid and assistance during the 2021 devastating winter storm.. Description: Commends Colton Sanders of CNC Oilfield Services for his aid and assistance during the 2021 devastating winter storm.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the Captain Shreve girls basketball team on their recent recognition as 2021 LHSAA state champions.. Description: Commends and congratulates the Captain Shreve girls basketball team on their recent recognition as 2021 LHSAA state champions.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education to study the feasibility of banning the use of corporal punishment in public schools.. Description: Requests the state Department of Education to study the feasibility of banning the use of corporal punishment in public schools.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates the Calvary Baptist Academy Lady Cavalier powerlifting team on their 2021 LHSAA Division V state championship.. Description: Commends and congratulates the Calvary Baptist Academy Lady Cavalier powerlifting team on their 2021 LHSAA Division V state championship.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses support for trade agreements between the United States and Taiwan and Taiwan's participation in certain international organizations, and celebrates the anniversary of the federal Taiwan Relations Act, and sister state relationship between Taiwan and Louisiana.. Description: Expresses support for trade agreements between the United States and Taiwan and Taiwan's participation in certain international organizations, and celebrates the anniversary of the federal Taiwan Relations Act, and sister state relationship between Taiwan and Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana State University Board of Supervisors to name the basketball court in the PMAC after Coach Dale Brown.. Description: Requests the Louisiana State University Board of Supervisors to name the basketball court in the PMAC after Coach Dale Brown.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Commander Matthew Noland on the occasion of taking command of the guided missile destroyer USS KIDD.. Description: Commends Commander Matthew Noland on the occasion of taking command of the guided missile destroyer USS KIDD.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Environmental Quality to study the feasibility of providing funding for devices that remediate certain water quality impairments.. Description: Requests the Department of Environmental Quality to study the feasibility of providing funding for devices that remediate certain water quality impairments.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to matching funds for nonstate projects in capital outlay acts.. Description: Provides relative to matching funds for nonstate projects in capital outlay acts.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Major Luraine Richard on her retirement from the Lafayette Police Department.. Description: Commends Major Luraine Richard on her retirement from the Lafayette Police Department.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to reauthorize the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area program.. Description: Memorializes Congress to reauthorize the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area program.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the West Monroe-West Ouachita Chamber of Commerce on its sixty-fifth anniversary.. Description: Commends the West Monroe-West Ouachita Chamber of Commerce on its sixty-fifth anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Joseph "Rock" Palermo III.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Joseph "Rock" Palermo III.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests office of alcohol and tobacco control to amend administrative rules relative to the prohibition of certain unfair business practices.. Description: Requests office of alcohol and tobacco control to amend administrative rules relative to the prohibition of certain unfair business practices.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates and continues the work of the task force to study and make recommendations concerning health services delivery and financing in the Baton Rouge region.. Description: Re-creates and continues the work of the task force to study and make recommendations concerning health services delivery and financing in the Baton Rouge region.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the federal Office of Management and Budget to maintain the current minimum population Standard for Delineating Metropolitan and Micropolitan Statistical Areas.. Description: Requests the federal Office of Management and Budget to maintain the current minimum population Standard for Delineating Metropolitan and Micropolitan Statistical Areas.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Natural Resources, office of coastal management, to review permitting cycle times and to make recommendations to expedite the permitting process.. Description: Requests the Department of Natural Resources, office of coastal management, to review permitting cycle times and to make recommendations to expedite the permitting process.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Ann Theresa "Nancy" Mellody Valluzzo.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Ann Theresa "Nancy" Mellody Valluzzo.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Col. Bernard H. McLaughlin Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Col. Bernard H. McLaughlin Jr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends former district attorney of the 14th Judicial District, John DeRosier, for his many years of outstanding public service to the city of Lake Charles, the parish of Calcasieu, and the state of Louisiana.. Description: Commends former district attorney of the 14th Judicial District, John DeRosier, for his many years of outstanding public service to the city of Lake Charles, the parish of Calcasieu, and the state of Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates January 22, 2022, as the Day of Tears in Louisiana and encourages Louisiana citizens to lower their flags to half-staff to mourn the innocent, pre-born children who have lost their lives due to abortion.. Description: Designates January 22, 2022, as the Day of Tears in Louisiana and encourages Louisiana citizens to lower their flags to half-staff to mourn the innocent, pre-born children who have lost their lives due to abortion.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Bradley Dewayne Cryer, assistant legislative auditor.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Bradley Dewayne Cryer, assistant legislative auditor.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Tanya Lea Crowe for being crowned Miss Louisiana USA 2021.. Description: Commends Tanya Lea Crowe for being crowned Miss Louisiana USA 2021.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Assembly of the Association of Surgical Technologists and recognizes September 19-25, 2021, as National Surgical Technologists Week.. Description: Commends the Louisiana Assembly of the Association of Surgical Technologists and recognizes September 19-25, 2021, as National Surgical Technologists Week.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends DeVonta Versean Smith of Amite, Louisiana, on being the recipient of the 2020 Heisman Trophy.. Description: Commends DeVonta Versean Smith of Amite, Louisiana, on being the recipient of the 2020 Heisman Trophy.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 2021 as Second Chance Month.. Description: Recognizes April 2021 as Second Chance Month.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Risk Charge Commission to study current law and consider making recommendations regarding the costs and risks in drilling a well in a unit.. Description: Creates the Risk Charge Commission to study current law and consider making recommendations regarding the costs and risks in drilling a well in a unit.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Survivor Informed Task Force.. Description: Creates the Survivor Informed Task Force.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to rename the Lafayette VA Clinic in honor of Rodney C. Hamilton Sr.. Description: Memorializes Congress to rename the Lafayette VA Clinic in honor of Rodney C. Hamilton Sr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Wednesday, May 5, 2021, as Louisiana Municipal Association (LMA) Municipal Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Recognizes Wednesday, May 5, 2021, as Louisiana Municipal Association (LMA) Municipal Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Tommy Little for his volunteer work and for being named a 2021 Champion of Service by Volunteer Louisiana.. Description: Commends Tommy Little for his volunteer work and for being named a 2021 Champion of Service by Volunteer Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Revenue and the state Department of Education to jointly report on the implementation of tax credits for donations to school tuition organizations. (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requests the Department of Revenue and the state Department of Education to jointly report on the implementation of tax credits for donations to school tuition organizations. (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education to identify providers of violence and suicide prevention training that is available at no or low cost.. Description: Requests the state Department of Education to identify providers of violence and suicide prevention training that is available at no or low cost.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of the Rt. Reverend Charles Edwards Jenkins III, the tenth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Louisiana.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of the Rt. Reverend Charles Edwards Jenkins III, the tenth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Billy B. Booth.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Billy B. Booth.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the city of Minden for its outstanding fundraising efforts for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital and for raising more money per capita for St. Jude than any other city in the United States.. Description: Commends the city of Minden for its outstanding fundraising efforts for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital and for raising more money per capita for St. Jude than any other city in the United States.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To commend Adriana Martin on her new world record for the rendition of the numerical quotient of Pi set on Pi Day, March 14, 2021.. Description: To commend Adriana Martin on her new world record for the rendition of the numerical quotient of Pi set on Pi Day, March 14, 2021.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests every parish Office of Emergency Preparedness (OEP) to provide annual training on disaster response for their local and municipal leadership.. Description: Requests every parish Office of Emergency Preparedness (OEP) to provide annual training on disaster response for their local and municipal leadership.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port on its 40th anniversary of deepwater port operation.. Description: Commends the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port on its 40th anniversary of deepwater port operation.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Luka G. Mikaberidze of Caddo Parish on being selected as Louisiana's Elementary School Student of the Year.. Description: Commends Luka G. Mikaberidze of Caddo Parish on being selected as Louisiana's Elementary School Student of the Year.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the office of public health of the Louisiana Department of Health to study and report relative to health care infrastructure needs in Louisiana.. Description: Requests the office of public health of the Louisiana Department of Health to study and report relative to health care infrastructure needs in Louisiana.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Judy Ewell Day for her dedication and service to the state upon the occasion of her retirement as a Louisiana lobbyist.. Description: Commends Judy Ewell Day for her dedication and service to the state upon the occasion of her retirement as a Louisiana lobbyist.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the deaths of former state representative Victor "Vic" Stelly and his wife, Terry Bass Stelly.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the deaths of former state representative Victor "Vic" Stelly and his wife, Terry Bass Stelly.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Eleanor McMain Secondary School Mustangs on winning the 2021 4A State Championship in boys basketball.. Description: Commends the Eleanor McMain Secondary School Mustangs on winning the 2021 4A State Championship in boys basketball.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port on its 40th anniversary of deepwater port operation.. Description: Commends the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port on its 40th anniversary of deepwater port operation.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Robin McCullough-Bade on the occasion of her retirement.. Description: Commends Reverend Robin McCullough-Bade on the occasion of her retirement.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Health to provide for equitable access to transformative therapies for sickle cell disease.. Description: Requests the Department of Health to provide for equitable access to transformative therapies for sickle cell disease.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the volunteers and members of the 2021 Encourage-A-Legislator Project.. Description: Commends the volunteers and members of the 2021 Encourage-A-Legislator Project.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the reporting and termination deadlines of the Task Force on Benefits of Marriage and Incentives for Premarital and Pre-Divorce Counseling.. Description: Extends the reporting and termination deadlines of the Task Force on Benefits of Marriage and Incentives for Premarital and Pre-Divorce Counseling.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes the Apalachee Indians Talimali Band as an Indian tribe of the state.. Description: Recognizes the Apalachee Indians Talimali Band as an Indian tribe of the state.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests Louisiana congressional delegation to take steps to modify the federal Pandemic Unemployment Compensation supplement in a way that will promote individual claiming benefits to return to work.. Description: Requests Louisiana congressional delegation to take steps to modify the federal Pandemic Unemployment Compensation supplement in a way that will promote individual claiming benefits to return to work.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Hannah Fontenot upon being crowned Miss LSU 2021.. Description: Commends Hannah Fontenot upon being crowned Miss LSU 2021.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Southern University baseball team for winning the SWAC title.. Description: Commends Southern University baseball team for winning the SWAC title.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Acknowledges the agreement entered into by Iberia and Vermilion parishes to reestablish the original parish line.. Description: Acknowledges the agreement entered into by Iberia and Vermilion parishes to reestablish the original parish line.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of James H. (Jim) Wharton, former LSU chancellor.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of James H. (Jim) Wharton, former LSU chancellor.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Vernon Johnnie Jordan Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Vernon Johnnie Jordan Sr.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mr. Johnnie A. Jones Sr. for his legendary accomplishments as a decorated veteran of WWII and a civil rights leader.. Description: Commends Mr. Johnnie A. Jones Sr. for his legendary accomplishments as a decorated veteran of WWII and a civil rights leader.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sydnie Romero on her outstanding achievements as a roping competitor in The American Rodeo.. Description: Commends Sydnie Romero on her outstanding achievements as a roping competitor in The American Rodeo.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Ernest Stephens.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Ernest Stephens.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Rylie Romero on her achievements in rodeo competitions.. Description: Commends Rylie Romero on her achievements in rodeo competitions.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Debbie Roussel on her retirement from the Legislative Fiscal Office.. Description: Commends Debbie Roussel on her retirement from the Legislative Fiscal Office.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends LSU Baseball Coach Paul Mainieri on the occasion of his retirement.. Description: Commends LSU Baseball Coach Paul Mainieri on the occasion of his retirement.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Brown Builders on its 50th Anniversary.. Description: Commends Brown Builders on its 50th Anniversary.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mayor Lorenz "Lo" Walker of Bossier City.. Description: Commends Mayor Lorenz "Lo" Walker of Bossier City.
In 2021, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Robert J. Wright and Erin McCarthy on 25 years of exceptional radio broadcasting.. Description: Commends Robert J. Wright and Erin McCarthy on 25 years of exceptional radio broadcasting.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to parole eligibility for certain juvenile offenders (Item #58). Description: Provides relative to parole eligibility for certain juvenile offenders (Item #58)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the availability of certain criminal justice system data to certain nonprofit entities (Item #63) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the availability of certain criminal justice system data to certain nonprofit entities (Item #63) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Establishes an income or corporation franchise tax credit for certain broadband coverage providers (Items #39 & 65) (RE -$50,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes an income or corporation franchise tax credit for certain broadband coverage providers (Items #39 & 65) (RE -$50,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the free exercise of religion during a public health emergency (Items #2, 28, and 60) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the free exercise of religion during a public health emergency (Items #2, 28, and 60) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in Jackson Parish (Item #54). Description: Authorizes the transfer of certain state property in Jackson Parish (Item #54)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the termination of emergency declarations (Items #1, 2, and 28). Description: Provides relative to the termination of emergency declarations (Items #1, 2, and 28)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to meetings of the Board of Pardons and the committee on parole (Items #25, 28, and 40) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to meetings of the Board of Pardons and the committee on parole (Items #25, 28, and 40) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the criteria and amenity requirements for qualified truck stops during a declared emergency (Item #32). Description: Provides relative to the criteria and amenity requirements for qualified truck stops during a declared emergency (Item #32)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to emergency declarations (Items #1, #2, and #28). Description: Provides relative to emergency declarations (Items #1, #2, and #28)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to limitations of liability for public and non-public schools and postsecondary education during public health emergencies (Items #1, 2, 3, 28, and 42). Description: Provides relative to limitations of liability for public and non-public schools and postsecondary education during public health emergencies (Items #1, 2, 3, 28, and 42)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to sick leave benefits for certain teachers at schools under the jurisdiction of the office of juvenile justice (Item #42) (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to sick leave benefits for certain teachers at schools under the jurisdiction of the office of juvenile justice (Item #42) (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to income tax deduction for certain educational expenses incurred during the COVID-19 pandemic (Item #26) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to income tax deduction for certain educational expenses incurred during the COVID-19 pandemic (Item #26) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Kenner Housing Authority (Item #24). Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Kenner Housing Authority (Item #24)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the capital outlay budget (Item #15). Description: Provides relative to the capital outlay budget (Item #15)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Expands the Louisiana New Markets Jobs Act tax credit to certain recovery zones (Item #65) (EG NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Expands the Louisiana New Markets Jobs Act tax credit to certain recovery zones (Item #65) (EG NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a sales tax holiday to provide relief for recovery as a result of Hurricane Laura and the COVID-19 pandemic (Item #26) (EN -$4,500,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes a sales tax holiday to provide relief for recovery as a result of Hurricane Laura and the COVID-19 pandemic (Item #26) (EN -$4,500,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the operation of restaurants and bars during a declared emergency or disaster (Items #32, 35, and 60). Description: Provides for the operation of restaurants and bars during a declared emergency or disaster (Items #32, 35, and 60)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to funding university, parish, and municipal police departments (Items #15 and 16) (REF SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to funding university, parish, and municipal police departments (Items #15 and 16) (REF SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 (Item #11). Description: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 (Item #11)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to qualifications for Taylor Opportunity Program for Students scholarships (Item #43). Description: Provides relative to qualifications for Taylor Opportunity Program for Students scholarships (Item #43)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes parents to appeal a local school board's denial of school enrollment requests to the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education (Item #42). Description: Authorizes parents to appeal a local school board's denial of school enrollment requests to the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education (Item #42)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for administrative rules relative to visitation of nursing home and assisted living facility residents during a public health emergency (Item #59). Description: Provides for administrative rules relative to visitation of nursing home and assisted living facility residents during a public health emergency (Item #59)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to prohibiting alcoholic beverage sales during a COVID-19 health emergency (Item #35). Description: Provides relative to prohibiting alcoholic beverage sales during a COVID-19 health emergency (Item #35)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires that student identification cards issued by certain postsecondary education institutions meet certain requirements (Item #42). Description: Requires that student identification cards issued by certain postsecondary education institutions meet certain requirements (Item #42)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires regular reporting of the number of school-age children known to have an infectious disease during a public health emergency relating to the disease (Item #28) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requires regular reporting of the number of school-age children known to have an infectious disease during a public health emergency relating to the disease (Item #28) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the acceptance of digital identification (Item #28). Description: Provides relative to the acceptance of digital identification (Item #28)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes administration of medical marijuana to a student by a parent, guardian, or authorized school employee at a public school (Item #42). Description: Authorizes administration of medical marijuana to a student by a parent, guardian, or authorized school employee at a public school (Item #42)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the payment of additional compensation to certain election officials for elections held within a certain period following a gubernatorially declared emergency (Item #5) (EN +$6,334,500 GF EX See Note). Description: Authorizes the payment of additional compensation to certain election officials for elections held within a certain period following a gubernatorially declared emergency (Item #5) (EN +$6,334,500 GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the termination or extension of a state of emergency (Item #28). Description: Provides for the termination or extension of a state of emergency (Item #28)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for a program of public health and safety options for businesses to implement during a public health emergency (Item #28). Description: Provides for a program of public health and safety options for businesses to implement during a public health emergency (Item #28)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for a program of public health and safety options for local governments to implement during a public health emergency (Item #28). Description: Provides for a program of public health and safety options for local governments to implement during a public health emergency (Item #28)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the state's unemployment insurance program and data sharing (Item #64) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the state's unemployment insurance program and data sharing (Item #64) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to state sales tax dedications for municipalities that defund their police departments (Items #11 and 16) (RE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to state sales tax dedications for municipalities that defund their police departments (Items #11 and 16) (RE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides with respect to legislative authority during periods of certain declared emergencies (Items #1, 2, 28, and 41). Description: Provides with respect to legislative authority during periods of certain declared emergencies (Items #1, 2, 28, and 41)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the "Louisiana Agricultural Workforce Development Program" (Item #67). Description: Creates the "Louisiana Agricultural Workforce Development Program" (Item #67)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Joe A. Locke and posthumously commends his service. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Joe A. Locke and posthumously commends his service
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of tax increment financing by the Downtown Economic Development District for the City of Monroe (Item #66) (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the use of tax increment financing by the Downtown Economic Development District for the City of Monroe (Item #66) (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the state office of broadband (Item #39) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the state office of broadband (Item #39) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the disposition of timber severance taxes (Item #34) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note). Description: Provides relative to the disposition of timber severance taxes (Item #34) (EN SEE FISC NOTE See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to remote participation in meetings (Item #53). Description: Provides relative to remote participation in meetings (Item #53)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes agreements between political subdivisions and taxpayers that may provide for certain payments in lieu of ad valorem taxes (Item #65) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes agreements between political subdivisions and taxpayers that may provide for certain payments in lieu of ad valorem taxes (Item #65) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the definition of "first responder" (Items #18 and 24). Description: Provides relative to the definition of "first responder" (Items #18 and 24)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of student assessment results for the 2020-2021 school year with respect to school and district accountability, teacher evaluation, and student promotion (Item #42). Description: Provides relative to the use of student assessment results for the 2020-2021 school year with respect to school and district accountability, teacher evaluation, and student promotion (Item #42)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to student discipline (Item #42). Description: Provides relative to student discipline (Item #42)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Main Street Recovery Program (Item #18) (REF SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Main Street Recovery Program (Item #18) (REF SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Nathan Richard for his fundraising efforts. Description: Commends Nathan Richard for his fundraising efforts
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Modifies the definition of "federal income tax liability" to include certain federal net disaster losses (Item #26) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Modifies the definition of "federal income tax liability" to include certain federal net disaster losses (Item #26) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates a work-sharing program (Item #8). Description: Creates a work-sharing program (Item #8)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the La. Department of Health to allow visitation of residents at intermediate care facilities by residents' family members during a public health emergency (Item #28). Description: Requires the La. Department of Health to allow visitation of residents at intermediate care facilities by residents' family members during a public health emergency (Item #28)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to sharing of student information for the purpose of administering the pandemic electronic benefits transfer (P-EBT) program (Item #28). Description: Provides relative to sharing of student information for the purpose of administering the pandemic electronic benefits transfer (P-EBT) program (Item #28)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to reemployment of retirees during a declared emergency (Item #2) (RE INCREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to reemployment of retirees during a declared emergency (Item #2) (RE INCREASE APV)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to visitation by members of the clergy of patients and residents at certain licensed health facilities during public health emergencies (Items #28 and 59). Description: Provides relative to visitation by members of the clergy of patients and residents at certain licensed health facilities during public health emergencies (Items #28 and 59)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Juvenile Justice Reform Act Implementation Commission's powers and duties (Item #28). Description: Provides relative to the Juvenile Justice Reform Act Implementation Commission's powers and duties (Item #28)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the carryforward period for the inventory tax credit for certain businesses. (1/1/21) (Items #26 and #65) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Extends the carryforward period for the inventory tax credit for certain businesses. (1/1/21) (Items #26 and #65) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes Plaquemines Port, Harbor and Terminal District to apply for designation as a foreign trade zone. (gov sig) (Item #47) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes Plaquemines Port, Harbor and Terminal District to apply for designation as a foreign trade zone. (gov sig) (Item #47) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for capital outlay requests for a state-owned and administered project submitted by a budget unit of the state. (gov sig) (2/3 - CA7s11(C)) (Item #15) (EG NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for capital outlay requests for a state-owned and administered project submitted by a budget unit of the state. (gov sig) (2/3 - CA7s11(C)) (Item #15) (EG NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana International Deep Water Gulf Transfer Terminal Authority. (gov sig) (Item #50). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana International Deep Water Gulf Transfer Terminal Authority. (gov sig) (Item #50)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits certain schools from being members of any interscholastic extracurricular athletic association or organization that does not have certain persons as members of its executive committee. (gov sig) (Item #42). Description: Prohibits certain schools from being members of any interscholastic extracurricular athletic association or organization that does not have certain persons as members of its executive committee. (gov sig) (Item #42)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides access for patients of hospitals and residents of nursing homes, assisted living facilities, and other adult residential care homes to members of the clergy who volunteer to minister and provide religious sacraments and services, counseling, and mental health support during COVID-19 and other public health emergencies. (gov sig) (Item #28). Description: Provides access for patients of hospitals and residents of nursing homes, assisted living facilities, and other adult residential care homes to members of the clergy who volunteer to minister and provide religious sacraments and services, counseling, and mental health support during COVID-19 and other public health emergencies. (gov sig) (Item #28)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Recognition of Emergency Medical Services Personnel Licensure Interstate Compact (REPLICA). (7/1/21) (Item #44) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for the Recognition of Emergency Medical Services Personnel Licensure Interstate Compact (REPLICA). (7/1/21) (Item #44) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expands the Louisiana New Markets Jobs Act tax credit to certain recovery zones. (gov sig) (Item #65) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Expands the Louisiana New Markets Jobs Act tax credit to certain recovery zones. (gov sig) (Item #65) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires first-day health insurance coverage for employees of public elementary and secondary school systems under certain circumstances. (gov sig) (Item #42) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Requires first-day health insurance coverage for employees of public elementary and secondary school systems under certain circumstances. (gov sig) (Item #42) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Professional Engineering and Land Surveying Board. (1/1/21) (Item #32). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Professional Engineering and Land Surveying Board. (1/1/21) (Item #32)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for revisions to the fee structure and oversight of the in-service training and educational programs for state employees by the Department of State Civil Service. (1/1/21) (Item #52) (EN NO IMPACT OF RV See Note). Description: Provides for revisions to the fee structure and oversight of the in-service training and educational programs for state employees by the Department of State Civil Service. (1/1/21) (Item #52) (EN NO IMPACT OF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for preparation and counting of absentee and early voting ballots. (gov sig) (Item #5) (EN +$82,800 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for preparation and counting of absentee and early voting ballots. (gov sig) (Item #5) (EN +$82,800 GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires school boards to accept certification of illness from a nurse practitioner or physician assistant when employees use leave due to personal illness. (gov sig) (Item #42). Description: Requires school boards to accept certification of illness from a nurse practitioner or physician assistant when employees use leave due to personal illness. (gov sig) (Item #42)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides an exemption to certain fees collected by the Louisiana Department of Health. (gov sig) (Item #32) (RE DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides an exemption to certain fees collected by the Louisiana Department of Health. (gov sig) (Item #32) (RE DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Removes employees of the Regional Transit Authority from the state system and state civil service. (gov sig) (Item #62) (EN DECREASE APV). Description: Removes employees of the Regional Transit Authority from the state system and state civil service. (gov sig) (Item #62) (EN DECREASE APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the practice of medicine. (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (7/1/21) (Item #45) (EN SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the practice of medicine. (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (7/1/21) (Item #45) (EN SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for legislative review of a state of emergency issued by the governor that extends beyond thirty days. (gov sig) (Items #1 and #2). Description: Provides for legislative review of a state of emergency issued by the governor that extends beyond thirty days. (gov sig) (Items #1 and #2)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides regarding purchase of telecommunications and video equipment by certain educational entities. (1/1/21) (Item #42) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Provides regarding purchase of telecommunications and video equipment by certain educational entities. (1/1/21) (Item #42) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits use of statewide student assessments conducted during the 2020-2021 school year for the purposes of evaluating teacher performance or student placement decisions. (gov sig) (Item #42). Description: Prohibits use of statewide student assessments conducted during the 2020-2021 school year for the purposes of evaluating teacher performance or student placement decisions. (gov sig) (Item #42)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Grants certain operational autonomies to certain public postsecondary education institutions. (gov sig) (Item #42) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Grants certain operational autonomies to certain public postsecondary education institutions. (gov sig) (Item #42) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for revisions to the Business Corporation Act relative to virtual shareholder meetings and mergers. (gov sig) (Item #53). Description: Provides for revisions to the Business Corporation Act relative to virtual shareholder meetings and mergers. (gov sig) (Item #53)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact (ASLP-IC). (7/1/21) (Item #37) (EN SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact (ASLP-IC). (7/1/21) (Item #37) (EN SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the creation, use, dedication, and transfer of funds in the state treasury. (gov sig) (Item #16) (REF SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the creation, use, dedication, and transfer of funds in the state treasury. (gov sig) (Item #16) (REF SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to provisional licenses issued by the state fire marshal. (gov sig) (Item #32). Description: Provides relative to provisional licenses issued by the state fire marshal. (gov sig) (Item #32)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the duties of the local school superintendent when certain schools in the Recovery School District are returned to the transferring school board. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the duties of the local school superintendent when certain schools in the Recovery School District are returned to the transferring school board. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to authorize the governor to appoint persons who reside out-of-state as certain at-large members of public postsecondary education boards of supervisors. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (Item #42). Description: Constitutional amendment to authorize the governor to appoint persons who reside out-of-state as certain at-large members of public postsecondary education boards of supervisors. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (Item #42)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the "Lod Cook Act" which authorizes the governor to appoint persons who reside out-of-state at certain at-large members of the public postsecondary boards of supervisors. (See Act) (Item #42) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for the "Lod Cook Act" which authorizes the governor to appoint persons who reside out-of-state at certain at-large members of the public postsecondary boards of supervisors. (See Act) (Item #42) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the issuance of bonds by the Louisiana International Deep Water Gulf Transfer Terminal Authority. (gov sig) (Item #49) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for the issuance of bonds by the Louisiana International Deep Water Gulf Transfer Terminal Authority. (gov sig) (Item #49) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the capital outlay process. (gov sig) (Item #15) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the capital outlay process. (gov sig) (Item #15) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for credits for certain ad valorem taxes paid for the 2020 tax year. (gov sig) (Item #26) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for credits for certain ad valorem taxes paid for the 2020 tax year. (gov sig) (Item #26) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the rehiring of nonlicensed persons by certain health care providers required to temporarily close during a public health emergency. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the rehiring of nonlicensed persons by certain health care providers required to temporarily close during a public health emergency. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the unemployment insurance procedure to be applied by the administrator for calendar year 2021. (gov sig) (Items #8 and #30) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD See Note). Description: Provides for the unemployment insurance procedure to be applied by the administrator for calendar year 2021. (gov sig) (Items #8 and #30) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to health maintenance organizations.. Description: Provides relative to health maintenance organizations.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the refundable portion of the inventory tax credit for certain manufacturers impacted by the 2020 emergencies and disasters. (gov sig) (Item #26) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the refundable portion of the inventory tax credit for certain manufacturers impacted by the 2020 emergencies and disasters. (gov sig) (Item #26) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the Department of Economic Development to provide an extension for certain job creation requirements for enterprise zone incentives and quality jobs incentive rebates due to the impacts of COVID-19, Hurricane Laura, and Hurricane Delta. (gov sig) (Items #26 and #65) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes the Department of Economic Development to provide an extension for certain job creation requirements for enterprise zone incentives and quality jobs incentive rebates due to the impacts of COVID-19, Hurricane Laura, and Hurricane Delta. (gov sig) (Items #26 and #65) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to emergency service plans of certain providers. (12/1/20) (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (Items #2 and #38) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to emergency service plans of certain providers. (12/1/20) (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (Items #2 and #38) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for legislative approval of BESE adopted adjustments to the MFP formula by ballot when the legislature is not in session. (See CA3s19) (Item #4). Description: Provides for legislative approval of BESE adopted adjustments to the MFP formula by ballot when the legislature is not in session. (See CA3s19) (Item #4)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for participation in certain meetings by teleconferencing or other electronic means for legislative bodies. (gov sig) (Item #25). Description: Provides for participation in certain meetings by teleconferencing or other electronic means for legislative bodies. (gov sig) (Item #25)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes an income tax credit for certain businesses whose operations were interrupted as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. (gov sig). Description: Authorizes an income tax credit for certain businesses whose operations were interrupted as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides funding and requirements for eligible rental businesses from the La. Main Street Recovery Program. (gov sig) (Items #16, #17, #18, #19, and #20) (EGF SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides funding and requirements for eligible rental businesses from the La. Main Street Recovery Program. (gov sig) (Items #16, #17, #18, #19, and #20) (EGF SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fantasy sports. (gov sig) (Item #32) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to fantasy sports. (gov sig) (Item #32) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the costs and benefits of setting Medicaid reimbursement rates for primary care services equivalent to Medicare rates for those services. Description: Requests a study of the costs and benefits of setting Medicaid reimbursement rates for primary care services equivalent to Medicare rates for those services
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the clerks of court to develop and utilize innovative strategies to recruit commissioners for polling places. Description: Requests the clerks of court to develop and utilize innovative strategies to recruit commissioners for polling places
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates October 2020 as National Chiropractic Health Month in Louisiana. Description: Designates October 2020 as National Chiropractic Health Month in Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Addis town councilman Wilson "Hook" Cazes for his service and dedication to the town of Addis. Description: Commends Addis town councilman Wilson "Hook" Cazes for his service and dedication to the town of Addis
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends John Benjamin "JB" Humphrey on his one hundredth birthday. Description: Commends John Benjamin "JB" Humphrey on his one hundredth birthday
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Jerome Fred Scott, longtime mayor of the town of Pollock, Louisiana. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Jerome Fred Scott, longtime mayor of the town of Pollock, Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of John "Johnny" Amedee Frederic, Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of John "Johnny" Amedee Frederic, Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Amozion Baptist Church in New Orleans on its one hundred fiftieth anniversary. Description: Commends Amozion Baptist Church in New Orleans on its one hundred fiftieth anniversary
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the JNC Foundation for its breast cancer awareness efforts, community service, and support for women of color. Description: Commends the JNC Foundation for its breast cancer awareness efforts, community service, and support for women of color
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of John "Wayne" Torres, Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of John "Wayne" Torres, Sr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study and report on nonemergency medical transportation in the Medicaid managed care program. Description: Requests a study and report on nonemergency medical transportation in the Medicaid managed care program
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education and Louisiana Department of Health to identify resources necessary to install water bottle filling stations in schools. Description: Requests the state Department of Education and Louisiana Department of Health to identify resources necessary to install water bottle filling stations in schools
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of James Michell "Jimmy" Bernhard. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of James Michell "Jimmy" Bernhard
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the commissioner of alcohol and tobacco control and the La. Dept. of Health to grant no-cost extensions of bar and restaurant and in-state manufacturer permits. Description: Requests the commissioner of alcohol and tobacco control and the La. Dept. of Health to grant no-cost extensions of bar and restaurant and in-state manufacturer permits
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Richard "Ricky" Thomas for his business, civic, and philanthropic service to the state of Louisiana and its citizens. Description: Commends Richard "Ricky" Thomas for his business, civic, and philanthropic service to the state of Louisiana and its citizens
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends JayVon Muhammed for her dedication to the health of her community. Description: Commends JayVon Muhammed for her dedication to the health of her community
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Destiny Jamison on being named 2021 Middle School Counselor of the Year by the Louisiana School Counselor Association. Description: Commends Destiny Jamison on being named 2021 Middle School Counselor of the Year by the Louisiana School Counselor Association
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Keith Gregory Barney. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Keith Gregory Barney
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of George V. Rainey. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of George V. Rainey
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the passing of Annie Ruth Johnson. Description: Expresses condolences on the passing of Annie Ruth Johnson
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Kwame I. Asante. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Kwame I. Asante
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Marlon Kearney Foster, former chief of detectives for the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Marlon Kearney Foster, former chief of detectives for the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of George V. Rainey. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of George V. Rainey
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Posthumously commends U.S. Army Private Charley F. Owen and other Louisianians who died in service to their country during World War I. Description: Posthumously commends U.S. Army Private Charley F. Owen and other Louisianians who died in service to their country during World War I
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the House Committee on Judiciary to study how to mitigate the long term consequences of eviction records and rent debt on renters and this economy. Description: Requests the House Committee on Judiciary to study how to mitigate the long term consequences of eviction records and rent debt on renters and this economy
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Joshua Hodges on his professional achievements and service to his country. Description: Commends Joshua Hodges on his professional achievements and service to his country
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the week of October 11-17, 2020, as Sterile Processing Week in Louisiana. Description: Designates the week of October 11-17, 2020, as Sterile Processing Week in Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Joshua Hodges on his professional achievements and service to his country. Description: Commends Joshua Hodges on his professional achievements and service to his country
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study issues relating to traffic management along Louisiana Highway 16 in certain areas of Denham Springs, Louisiana. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Transportation and Development to study issues relating to traffic management along Louisiana Highway 16 in certain areas of Denham Springs, Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Judicial Council to study the feasibility of dividing the 15th Judicial District into two separate judicial districts. Description: Requests the Judicial Council to study the feasibility of dividing the 15th Judicial District into two separate judicial districts
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends President Trump on his efforts in education reform. Description: Commends President Trump on his efforts in education reform
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Karen Burks on being named a 2020 Champion of Service by Volunteer Louisiana. Description: Commends Karen Burks on being named a 2020 Champion of Service by Volunteer Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to reconvene the COVID-19 Furlough Review Panel. Description: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to reconvene the COVID-19 Furlough Review Panel
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends First Baptist Church School in Shreveport on its fiftieth anniversary. Description: Commends First Baptist Church School in Shreveport on its fiftieth anniversary
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends McManus Timber Co. on being named 2020 Timber Harvesting Logging Business of the Year by Timber Harvesting Magazine. Description: Commends McManus Timber Co. on being named 2020 Timber Harvesting Logging Business of the Year by Timber Harvesting Magazine
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Frederick "Fred" Rudolph Dean. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Frederick "Fred" Rudolph Dean
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Allen Parish district attorney, H. Todd Nesom, on his retirement. Description: Commends Allen Parish district attorney, H. Todd Nesom, on his retirement
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the secretary of state to work with the Department of Revenue, the Department of Economic Development, and the office of state procurement to create a central electronic repository of information, resources, training, and opportunities that small, rural, minority, female, and veteran entrepreneurs can access when registering their businesses with the state. Description: Urges and requests the secretary of state to work with the Department of Revenue, the Department of Economic Development, and the office of state procurement to create a central electronic repository of information, resources, training, and opportunities that small, rural, minority, female, and veteran entrepreneurs can access when registering their businesses with the state
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Economic Development to pioneer information campaigns aimed at small and emerging businesses. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Economic Development to pioneer information campaigns aimed at small and emerging businesses
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Bankers Association to provide small business information compiled by the Department of Economic Development to citizens who open commercial accounts or seek commercial loans. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Bankers Association to provide small business information compiled by the Department of Economic Development to citizens who open commercial accounts or seek commercial loans
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the termination date of the Committee on Minority, Female, and Veteran Enterprises. Description: Extends the termination date of the Committee on Minority, Female, and Veteran Enterprises
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the governor to modify small purchase procedures through an executive order. Description: Urges and requests the governor to modify small purchase procedures through an executive order
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses support of the House of Representatives for making future stimulus programs for pandemic and disaster relief easier for minority, female, veteran, small, and rural business owners to access. Description: Expresses support of the House of Representatives for making future stimulus programs for pandemic and disaster relief easier for minority, female, veteran, small, and rural business owners to access
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sleepy Hollow Furniture and Mattress on its fortieth anniversary. Description: Commends Sleepy Hollow Furniture and Mattress on its fortieth anniversary
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education to study the education and training requirements, compensation, and employment turnover rates of early childhood care and education teachers. Description: Requests the state Department of Education to study the education and training requirements, compensation, and employment turnover rates of early childhood care and education teachers
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Geoffrey Hingle. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Geoffrey Hingle
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Samuel Suel. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Samuel Suel
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of James LaVerne Jeter. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of James LaVerne Jeter
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Pontchartrain Park Neighborhood Association on attaining historic designation on the National Register of Historic Places for the neighborhood of Pontchartrain Park in Orleans Parish. Description: Commends the Pontchartrain Park Neighborhood Association on attaining historic designation on the National Register of Historic Places for the neighborhood of Pontchartrain Park in Orleans Parish
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar House committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar House committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences of the Senate of the Legislature of Louisiana upon the death of James Michell "Jimmy" Bernhard.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences of the Senate of the Legislature of Louisiana upon the death of James Michell "Jimmy" Bernhard.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Birdex Copeland, Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Birdex Copeland, Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Kim Hunter Reed on being chosen as the recipient of the State Higher Education Executive Officers Association's (SHEEO) 2020 Exceptional Leader Award.. Description: Commends Dr. Kim Hunter Reed on being chosen as the recipient of the State Higher Education Executive Officers Association's (SHEEO) 2020 Exceptional Leader Award.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Philip and Pauline Ackel.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Philip and Pauline Ackel.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Kenny and Missy Hix.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Kenny and Missy Hix.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Roby Bearden Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Roby Bearden Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Joseph "Joe" L. Anjier.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Joseph "Joe" L. Anjier.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Kenneth R. "Kenny" Cryer upon his retirement.. Description: Commends Kenneth R. "Kenny" Cryer upon his retirement.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To commend Angelle Bourgeois upon being selected as the 2021 Elementary School Teacher of the Year by the Louisiana Department of Education.. Description: To commend Angelle Bourgeois upon being selected as the 2021 Elementary School Teacher of the Year by the Louisiana Department of Education.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends John Benjamin Humphrey on the occasion of his one hundredth birthday.. Description: Commends John Benjamin Humphrey on the occasion of his one hundredth birthday.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Phillip's Masonic Lodge 238 and the Progressive Chapter 186 Order of the Eastern Star upon their fiftieth anniversary.. Description: Commends the Phillip's Masonic Lodge 238 and the Progressive Chapter 186 Order of the Eastern Star upon their fiftieth anniversary.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Louis Woodson.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Louis Woodson.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Esther Elizabeth Streng Staats.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Esther Elizabeth Streng Staats.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Rt. Rev. James Malone Coleman.. Description: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Rt. Rev. James Malone Coleman.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: COMMENDATION. Commends Captain Kenneth Wayne Martin upon his promotion to Uniform Patrol Commander in the Baton Rouge Police Department.. Description: COMMENDATION. Commends Captain Kenneth Wayne Martin upon his promotion to Uniform Patrol Commander in the Baton Rouge Police Department.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences on the death of George Rainey, oldest elected king of Zulu.. Description: Expresses the condolences on the death of George Rainey, oldest elected king of Zulu.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Terry Edmund Edwards.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Terry Edmund Edwards.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of James Raymond "Jim" LeBlanc.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of James Raymond "Jim" LeBlanc.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Sylvia Bernadette Sullivan Duke.. Description: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Sylvia Bernadette Sullivan Duke.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jerry Romero on the occasion of his retirement from Acadian Ambulance after 44 years of service.. Description: Commends Jerry Romero on the occasion of his retirement from Acadian Ambulance after 44 years of service.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Revenue to create a task force to study and make recommendations to minimize employee misclassification. (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Requests the Department of Revenue to create a task force to study and make recommendations to minimize employee misclassification. (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Amends administrative rules regarding leave of absence days for clients of intermediate care facilities (Items #28 and 29). Description: Amends administrative rules regarding leave of absence days for clients of intermediate care facilities (Items #28 and 29)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Lakefront Management Authority to keep the westbound lanes of traffic open on Lakeshore Drive to vehicular traffic and to allow two-way traffic between the Senator Ted Hickey Bridge and Franklin Avenue on weekends.. Description: Requests the Lakefront Management Authority to keep the westbound lanes of traffic open on Lakeshore Drive to vehicular traffic and to allow two-way traffic between the Senator Ted Hickey Bridge and Franklin Avenue on weekends.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Lizzie Mae Henry Charles, community activist in the Algiers Cut-Off neighborhood.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Lizzie Mae Henry Charles, community activist in the Algiers Cut-Off neighborhood.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Booker T. Washington High School Lady Lions basketball team on winning the state championship.. Description: Commends the Booker T. Washington High School Lady Lions basketball team on winning the state championship.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the untimely death of Cheryl Larkin Castille.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the untimely death of Cheryl Larkin Castille.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Judicial Council to study the feasibility of dividing the 15th Judicial District into two separate judicial districts.. Description: Requests the Judicial Council to study the feasibility of dividing the 15th Judicial District into two separate judicial districts.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to report on the use and results of hydroxychloroquine for treating Medicaid recipients relative to COVID-19.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to report on the use and results of hydroxychloroquine for treating Medicaid recipients relative to COVID-19.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state Department of Education to study the education and training requirements, compensation, and employment turnover rates of early childhood care and education teachers.. Description: Requests the state Department of Education to study the education and training requirements, compensation, and employment turnover rates of early childhood care and education teachers.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dietrich H. Fields.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dietrich H. Fields.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jackie DeVall upon his retirement from the Office of Conservation after more than 54 years of service.. Description: Commends Jackie DeVall upon his retirement from the Office of Conservation after more than 54 years of service.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Rose A. Broussard.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Rose A. Broussard.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Pastor Bobby J. Douglas on being inducted into the Louisiana High School Athletic Association Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends Pastor Bobby J. Douglas on being inducted into the Louisiana High School Athletic Association Hall of Fame.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office for their work in response to Hurricane Laura.. Description: Commends the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office for their work in response to Hurricane Laura.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Brigadier General Patrick D. Frank, commanding general of the Joint Readiness Training Center and Fort Polk, for his accomplishments.. Description: Commends Brigadier General Patrick D. Frank, commanding general of the Joint Readiness Training Center and Fort Polk, for his accomplishments.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Marilyn "Cissie" Qualls McLeod.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Marilyn "Cissie" Qualls McLeod.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates October 22, 2020, as Cataract Awareness Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Designates October 22, 2020, as Cataract Awareness Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Louis B. Roth Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Louis B. Roth Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Board of Pharmacy to study and make recommendations relative to pharmacists' testing, screening, and treatment of certain health conditions.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Board of Pharmacy to study and make recommendations relative to pharmacists' testing, screening, and treatment of certain health conditions.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to report on vaccination rates for children ages three through seventeen.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to report on vaccination rates for children ages three through seventeen.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Elvin Howard, Sr. Pancreatic Cancer Advocacy Foundation on its commitment to ensuring that the citizens of Louisiana are informed and aware of the issues specifically associated with pancreatic cancer.. Description: Commends the Elvin Howard, Sr. Pancreatic Cancer Advocacy Foundation on its commitment to ensuring that the citizens of Louisiana are informed and aware of the issues specifically associated with pancreatic cancer.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes and directs the re-creation of the Louisiana Women's Incarceration Task Force.. Description: Authorizes and directs the re-creation of the Louisiana Women's Incarceration Task Force.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a task force to study crime and crime prevention in Morehouse Parish and requires the task force to make recommendations.. Description: Establishes a task force to study crime and crime prevention in Morehouse Parish and requires the task force to make recommendations.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a task force to study crime and crime prevention in Ouachita Parish and requires the task force to make recommendations.. Description: Establishes a task force to study crime and crime prevention in Ouachita Parish and requires the task force to make recommendations.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Neal Risley Elliott III for attaining the rank of Eagle Scout.. Description: Commends Neal Risley Elliott III for attaining the rank of Eagle Scout.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of James LaVerne Jeter.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of James LaVerne Jeter.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of two-year old Azariah Christien Thomas.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of two-year old Azariah Christien Thomas.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Department of Children and Family Services to comply with Senate Resolution 52 of the 2020 First Extraordinary Session and report to the legislature on the impact and success of the department's guidelines on care setting decision making for children under age six.. Description: Directs the Department of Children and Family Services to comply with Senate Resolution 52 of the 2020 First Extraordinary Session and report to the legislature on the impact and success of the department's guidelines on care setting decision making for children under age six.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the decline in health insurance coverage among children in the state.. Description: Requests a study of the decline in health insurance coverage among children in the state.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Children and Family Services and the Louisiana Department of Health to study further ways to protect certain developmentally and physically disabled TANF recipients from sexual and physical exploitation or abuse by certain caregivers.. Description: Requests the Department of Children and Family Services and the Louisiana Department of Health to study further ways to protect certain developmentally and physically disabled TANF recipients from sexual and physical exploitation or abuse by certain caregivers.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to enact legislation to further protect certain developmentally and physically disabled social security, SSI, and veterans benefits recipients from sexual and physical exploitation or abuse by payees and fiduciaries.. Description: Memorializes Congress to enact legislation to further protect certain developmentally and physically disabled social security, SSI, and veterans benefits recipients from sexual and physical exploitation or abuse by payees and fiduciaries.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recreates and provides for Task Force on Prevention of Human Degradation and Exploitation of Vulnerable Individuals in Community-Based Residential Settings.. Description: Recreates and provides for Task Force on Prevention of Human Degradation and Exploitation of Vulnerable Individuals in Community-Based Residential Settings.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Anna Cole for her bravery as she combats breast cancer and recognizes her selflessness in encouraging others.. Description: Commends Anna Cole for her bravery as she combats breast cancer and recognizes her selflessness in encouraging others.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses wholehearted support for law enforcement and police departments and rejects any notion to defund law enforcement or police departments in Louisiana.. Description: Expresses wholehearted support for law enforcement and police departments and rejects any notion to defund law enforcement or police departments in Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Attorney General to investigate certain companies doing business in the state to determine if the companies have engaged in prohibited activities. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Attorney General to investigate certain companies doing business in the state to determine if the companies have engaged in prohibited activities
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes congress and the Louisiana congressional delegation to take such actions as are necessary to require the Federal Emergency Management Agency to grant Louisiana full federal funding for disaster expenses associated with Hurricane Laura or to grant Louisiana the ability to utilize alternative sources of federal funds as any needed match if full funding is not provided. Description: Memorializes congress and the Louisiana congressional delegation to take such actions as are necessary to require the Federal Emergency Management Agency to grant Louisiana full federal funding for disaster expenses associated with Hurricane Laura or to grant Louisiana the ability to utilize alternative sources of federal funds as any needed match if full funding is not provided
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the division of administration, office of community development, to include certain activities as eligible expenses in the development of its Community Development Block Grant - Disaster Recovery Program Action Plans (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX See Note). Description: Requests the division of administration, office of community development, to include certain activities as eligible expenses in the development of its Community Development Block Grant - Disaster Recovery Program Action Plans (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to require the Federal Emergency Management Agency to more efficiently coordinate the removal of dislocated oilfield equipment after natural disasters in Louisiana. Description: Memorializes Congress to require the Federal Emergency Management Agency to more efficiently coordinate the removal of dislocated oilfield equipment after natural disasters in Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Suspends the enforcement authority of the commissioner of alcohol and tobacco control for violations of COVID-19-related restrictions (Items #28, 32, 35, and 60). Description: Suspends the enforcement authority of the commissioner of alcohol and tobacco control for violations of COVID-19-related restrictions (Items #28, 32, 35, and 60)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Suspends certain authority of the governor relative to the declaration of an emergency (Item #41). Description: Suspends certain authority of the governor relative to the declaration of an emergency (Item #41)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Suspends the Procurement Processing Company Rebate Program (Item #65) (EG SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Suspends the Procurement Processing Company Rebate Program (Item #65) (EG SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits the state fire marshal from enforcing certain restrictions on businesses (Items #2 and 28). Description: Prohibits the state fire marshal from enforcing certain restrictions on businesses (Items #2 and 28)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Suspends certain provisions of the Louisiana Health Emergency Powers Act (Items #2, 28, and 41). Description: Suspends certain provisions of the Louisiana Health Emergency Powers Act (Items #2, 28, and 41)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to discuss possible adjustments to the Minimum Foundation Program formula in order to ensure adequate funding for school systems affected by Hurricane Laura or Hurricane Delta. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to discuss possible adjustments to the Minimum Foundation Program formula in order to ensure adequate funding for school systems affected by Hurricane Laura or Hurricane Delta
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to rural internet service (Item #67). Description: Provides relative to rural internet service (Item #67)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Suspends the unemployment trust fund solvency tax (Item #30) (EG DECREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Suspends the unemployment trust fund solvency tax (Item #30) (EG DECREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the La. Dept. of Health to submit documentation to the federal Medicaid agency to provide financial relief for providers of services for people with developmental disabilities (Item #28). Description: Requests the La. Dept. of Health to submit documentation to the federal Medicaid agency to provide financial relief for providers of services for people with developmental disabilities (Item #28)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism, office of tourism, to study the feasibility of creating a bike and walking trail along the Mississippi River in Northeast Louisiana. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism, office of tourism, to study the feasibility of creating a bike and walking trail along the Mississippi River in Northeast Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the United States Senate to confirm the nomination of Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court. Description: Memorializes the United States Senate to confirm the nomination of Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress and the Louisiana congressional delegation to take such actions as necessary to fully fund the Livestock Indemnity Program in response to the negative impact created by losses to the Louisiana livestock industry as a result of Hurricane Laura and Hurricane Delta. Description: Memorializes Congress and the Louisiana congressional delegation to take such actions as necessary to fully fund the Livestock Indemnity Program in response to the negative impact created by losses to the Louisiana livestock industry as a result of Hurricane Laura and Hurricane Delta
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requests that the State Civil Service Commission establish the same or substantially similar sick leave benefits for classified employees serving as teaching staff within the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections, office of juvenile justice, as those provided for public school teachers injured or disabled while acting in their official capacity. Description: Requests that the State Civil Service Commission establish the same or substantially similar sick leave benefits for classified employees serving as teaching staff within the Dept. of Public Safety and Corrections, office of juvenile justice, as those provided for public school teachers injured or disabled while acting in their official capacity
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Bd. of Elementary and Secondary Education, in collaboration with the Dept. of Education, study issues relative to micro schools. Description: Requests that the Bd. of Elementary and Secondary Education, in collaboration with the Dept. of Education, study issues relative to micro schools
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Vernon Parish District Attorney Asa Skinner on his retirement. Description: Commends Vernon Parish District Attorney Asa Skinner on his retirement
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes congress to take such actions as are necessary to pass a stimulus plan that includes funds for unemployment, housing, local government, struggling businesses, education, and health care. Description: Memorializes congress to take such actions as are necessary to pass a stimulus plan that includes funds for unemployment, housing, local government, struggling businesses, education, and health care
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To urge and request agencies procuring supplies, services, and major repairs on an emergency basis to provide for greater transparency and competition in such procurements where practicable. Description: To urge and request agencies procuring supplies, services, and major repairs on an emergency basis to provide for greater transparency and competition in such procurements where practicable
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the governor to add Beauregard Parish, Vernon Parish, Allen Parish, and Rapides Parish to the areas covered by the request for a federal disaster declaration for Hurricane Delta. Description: Requests the governor to add Beauregard Parish, Vernon Parish, Allen Parish, and Rapides Parish to the areas covered by the request for a federal disaster declaration for Hurricane Delta
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana National Guard on its service in 2020. Description: Commends the Louisiana National Guard on its service in 2020
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study and make recommendations for replenishing the unemployment trust fund and increasing the unemployment compensation weekly benefit amount (Item #8). Description: Creates a task force to study and make recommendations for replenishing the unemployment trust fund and increasing the unemployment compensation weekly benefit amount (Item #8)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Keith Patrick Melancon. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Keith Patrick Melancon
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress and the Louisiana Delegation to defeat the "Ocean-Based Climate Solutions Act of 2020". Description: Memorializes Congress and the Louisiana Delegation to defeat the "Ocean-Based Climate Solutions Act of 2020"
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences of the legislature on the death of Nathaniel Hawthorne "Nat" LaCour, Jr.. Description: Expresses the condolences of the legislature on the death of Nathaniel Hawthorne "Nat" LaCour, Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Julien Marius Stokes. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Julien Marius Stokes
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Patrick Goldsmith on his retirement. Description: Commends Patrick Goldsmith on his retirement
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Frank Leonard.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Frank Leonard.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests LCTCS and Sowela administrators to work together to study the impacts of hurricanes Laura and Delta on the institution and its student body in order to inform any legislative requests for the 2021 Regular Session.. Description: Requests LCTCS and Sowela administrators to work together to study the impacts of hurricanes Laura and Delta on the institution and its student body in order to inform any legislative requests for the 2021 Regular Session.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Board of Regents to study allowing TOPS and GO Grant awards to be used for summer semester immediately following high school graduation.. Description: Requests the Board of Regents to study allowing TOPS and GO Grant awards to be used for summer semester immediately following high school graduation.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Suspends certain provisions of law relative to the application of certain wages and benefits for the next calendar year. (Items #8 and #30) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD See Note). Description: Suspends certain provisions of law relative to the application of certain wages and benefits for the next calendar year. (Items #8 and #30) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests BESE to adopt adjustments to the MFP formula to ensure that school districts impacted by Hurricane Laura do not lose funding during the 2020-2021 fiscal year due to decreases in student enrollment.. Description: Requests BESE to adopt adjustments to the MFP formula to ensure that school districts impacted by Hurricane Laura do not lose funding during the 2020-2021 fiscal year due to decreases in student enrollment.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Sister Joan Martinette Rivers, OLS.. Description: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Sister Joan Martinette Rivers, OLS.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Suspends the provision of law providing for an unemployment insurance solvency tax. (Items #8 and #30) (EN DECREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Suspends the provision of law providing for an unemployment insurance solvency tax. (Items #8 and #30) (EN DECREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Louisiana State Law Institute study certain matters pertaining to the Louisiana Trust Code.. Description: Requests that the Louisiana State Law Institute study certain matters pertaining to the Louisiana Trust Code.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Governor Murphy James "Mike" Foster Jr.. Description: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Governor Murphy James "Mike" Foster Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for legislative approval of BESE adopted adjustments to the MFP formula by ballot when the legislature is not in session. (Item #4). Description: Provides for legislative approval of BESE adopted adjustments to the MFP formula by ballot when the legislature is not in session. (Item #4)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Eugene Lussan on the celebration of his 100th birthday.. Description: Commends Eugene Lussan on the celebration of his 100th birthday.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that teachers, members of law enforcement, and firefighters be given preference for COVID-19 testing.. Description: Requests that teachers, members of law enforcement, and firefighters be given preference for COVID-19 testing.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the ordinary operating expenses of state government for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 (Item #1). Description: Provides for the ordinary operating expenses of state government for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 (Item #1)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the comprehensive Capital Outlay budget (Item #7). Description: Provides for the comprehensive Capital Outlay budget (Item #7)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the date for eligible expenses to qualify for the tax credit for the rehabilitation of historic structures and extends the effectiveness of the credit (Item #19) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Extends the date for eligible expenses to qualify for the tax credit for the rehabilitation of historic structures and extends the effectiveness of the credit (Item #19) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the emergency suspension of time limitations in certain civil proceedings (Item #40). Description: Provides for the emergency suspension of time limitations in certain civil proceedings (Item #40)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the State Cybersecurity and Information Technology Fund and dedicates revenues to the fund (Items #10 and #11) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Establishes the State Cybersecurity and Information Technology Fund and dedicates revenues to the fund (Items #10 and #11) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Appropriates funds for the expenses of the judiciary for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 (Item #4). Description: Appropriates funds for the expenses of the judiciary for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 (Item #4)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations for the expenses of the legislature for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 (Item #3). Description: Makes appropriations for the expenses of the legislature for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 (Item #3)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the transfer, deposit, and use of monies among state funds (Item #10) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for the transfer, deposit, and use of monies among state funds (Item #10) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the amount of compensation persons required to collect state sales and use tax may deduct for remitting taxes (Item #30) (EN -$2,100,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the amount of compensation persons required to collect state sales and use tax may deduct for remitting taxes (Item #30) (EN -$2,100,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the ancillary expenses of state government (Item #5). Description: Provides for the ancillary expenses of state government (Item #5)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain retail businesses to participate in the Enterprise Zone incentive (Item #18) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes certain retail businesses to participate in the Enterprise Zone incentive (Item #18) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the State Budget Authority Reserve Trust for use as an extra source of revenue for executive department agencies (Item #11) (EG +$139,700,550 SD RV See Note). Description: Establishes the State Budget Authority Reserve Trust for use as an extra source of revenue for executive department agencies (Item #11) (EG +$139,700,550 SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Establishes a tax credit for eligible expenses incurred in the rehabilitation of historic structures included on the National Register of Historic Places (Item #19) (RE DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes a tax credit for eligible expenses incurred in the rehabilitation of historic structures included on the National Register of Historic Places (Item #19) (RE DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends eligibility requirements for certain industries to participate in the Quality Jobs Program (Item #18) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Extends eligibility requirements for certain industries to participate in the Quality Jobs Program (Item #18) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to motor vehicle repairs (Item #39). Description: Provides relative to motor vehicle repairs (Item #39)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the creation of the certified shorthand reporters fund (Items #10 and #11) (EN +$64,675 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the creation of the certified shorthand reporters fund (Items #10 and #11) (EN +$64,675 SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes agreements between political subdivisions and taxpayers that may provide for certain payments in lieu of ad valorem taxes (Item #28) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes agreements between political subdivisions and taxpayers that may provide for certain payments in lieu of ad valorem taxes (Item #28) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2019-2020 (Item #2). Description: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2019-2020 (Item #2)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Capital Outlay Savings Fund (Items #10 and #11) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Creates the Capital Outlay Savings Fund (Items #10 and #11) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Checkers restaurant for its service to the north Baton Rouge community. Description: Commends Checkers restaurant for its service to the north Baton Rouge community
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Establishes certain property tax exemptions for capital investment projects (Item #28) (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Establishes certain property tax exemptions for capital investment projects (Item #28) (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the Department of Revenue to waive penalties and interest for certain taxpayers for tax years 2019 and 2020 (Item #29) (RE1 DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Requires the Department of Revenue to waive penalties and interest for certain taxpayers for tax years 2019 and 2020 (Item #29) (RE1 DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Electric Utility Investment Recovery Securitization Act (Item #35). Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Electric Utility Investment Recovery Securitization Act (Item #35)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Establishes an ad valorem tax exemption for capital investment projects and for certain property subject to a cooperative endeavor agreement requiring the property owner to make payments in lieu of taxes (Item #28) (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Establishes an ad valorem tax exemption for capital investment projects and for certain property subject to a cooperative endeavor agreement requiring the property owner to make payments in lieu of taxes (Item #28) (EG SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Enacts the Omnibus Premium Reduction Act of 2020 (Item #40) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Enacts the Omnibus Premium Reduction Act of 2020 (Item #40) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes local taxing authorities to enter into cooperative endeavor agreements that provide for payments in lieu of taxes (Item #28) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes local taxing authorities to enter into cooperative endeavor agreements that provide for payments in lieu of taxes (Item #28) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for ad valorem tax exemptions for certain capital investment projects (Item # 28) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for ad valorem tax exemptions for certain capital investment projects (Item # 28) (RE SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Enacts the Civil Justice Reform Act of 2020 (Item #40). Description: Enacts the Civil Justice Reform Act of 2020 (Item #40)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to limitations of liability for public and private school districts and postsecondary institutions during a declared state of emergency or a public health emergency (Item #40). Description: Provides relative to limitations of liability for public and private school districts and postsecondary institutions during a declared state of emergency or a public health emergency (Item #40)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for state income tax withholdings on unemployment compensation benefits (Item #32) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV). Description: Provides for state income tax withholdings on unemployment compensation benefits (Item #32) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Levies a state tax on the net revenue of fantasy sports contests (Item #17) (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Levies a state tax on the net revenue of fantasy sports contests (Item #17) (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requires short-term COVID-19 occupational forecasts (Item #15). Description: Requires short-term COVID-19 occupational forecasts (Item #15)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Enacts the Citizens' Premium Reduction Act (Item #40) (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Enacts the Citizens' Premium Reduction Act (Item #40) (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Establishes an income or corporation franchise tax credit for certain broadband coverage providers (Item #31) (RE -$50,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Establishes an income or corporation franchise tax credit for certain broadband coverage providers (Item #31) (RE -$50,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To provide for a sales and use tax rebate on the sale of certain fiber-optic cable equipment (Item #31) (EN -$750,000 GF RV See Note). Description: To provide for a sales and use tax rebate on the sale of certain fiber-optic cable equipment (Item #31) (EN -$750,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death Venoy Kinnaird.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death Venoy Kinnaird.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends Enterprise Zone Program incentives to essential critical infrastructure workers by authorizing the payment of a one-time hazard pay rebate (Item #18) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX). Description: Extends Enterprise Zone Program incentives to essential critical infrastructure workers by authorizing the payment of a one-time hazard pay rebate (Item #18) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for a death benefit for certain public employees who die from COVID-19 (Item #11) (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for a death benefit for certain public employees who die from COVID-19 (Item #11) (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the sunset of the research and development tax credit. (Item #19) (1/1/21) (EN -$1,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Extends the sunset of the research and development tax credit. (Item #19) (1/1/21) (EN -$1,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to promotional play wagers. (Item #36) (gov sig) (EN -$11,200,000 RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to promotional play wagers. (Item #36) (gov sig) (EN -$11,200,000 RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the suspension of the corporation franchise tax and initial corporation franchise tax for small business corporations. (Item #16) (gov sig) (EN -$7,500,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the suspension of the corporation franchise tax and initial corporation franchise tax for small business corporations. (Item #16) (gov sig) (EN -$7,500,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to safety belts. (Item #40) (1/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides relative to safety belts. (Item #40) (1/1/21) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to rural broadband high-speed internet access.. Description: Provides relative to rural broadband high-speed internet access.
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to civil liability and certain actions for nullity involving fraud. (Item #40) (See Act). Description: Provides relative to civil liability and certain actions for nullity involving fraud. (Item #40) (See Act)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to dedicate unclaimed property funds and to create the Louisiana Unclaimed Property Permanent Trust Fund.. Description: Constitutional amendment to dedicate unclaimed property funds and to create the Louisiana Unclaimed Property Permanent Trust Fund.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Louisiana New Markets Jobs Act. (Item #19) (EN -$41,250,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the Louisiana New Markets Jobs Act. (Item #19) (EN -$41,250,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to collateral source and recoverable expenses. (Item #40). Description: Provides relative to collateral source and recoverable expenses. (Item #40)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for cooperative endeavor agreements between local governmental subdivisions and other entities that may require payments in lieu of ad valorem taxes. (Item #28) (See Act) (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for cooperative endeavor agreements between local governmental subdivisions and other entities that may require payments in lieu of ad valorem taxes. (Item #28) (See Act) (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Angel Investor Tax Credit Program. (Item #19) (8/1/20) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Angel Investor Tax Credit Program. (Item #19) (8/1/20) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Dedication of unclaimed property funds and creation of Louisiana Unclaimed Property Permanent Trust Fund. (Item #10) (See Act) (EN -$25,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Dedication of unclaimed property funds and creation of Louisiana Unclaimed Property Permanent Trust Fund. (Item #10) (See Act) (EN -$25,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for investment authority of the Treasurer for the Millennium Trust, the Rockefeller Wildlife Refuge Trust and Protection Fund, and the Russell Sage or Marsh Island Trust Fund. (Item #10) (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for investment authority of the Treasurer for the Millennium Trust, the Rockefeller Wildlife Refuge Trust and Protection Fund, and the Russell Sage or Marsh Island Trust Fund. (Item #10) (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for eligibility for the Angel Investor Tax Credit for investments made in federal opportunity zones. (Item #19) (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for eligibility for the Angel Investor Tax Credit for investments made in federal opportunity zones. (Item #19) (gov sig) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an extension of the application deadline for the Quality Jobs Program. (Item #18) (7/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for an extension of the application deadline for the Quality Jobs Program. (Item #18) (7/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates and provides for the Streamlining Government Commission.. Description: Creates and provides for the Streamlining Government Commission.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to reports by executive branch agencies. Description: Provides relative to reports by executive branch agencies
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Ernest D. Wooton, former state representative and former sheriff of Plaquemines Parish. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Ernest D. Wooton, former state representative and former sheriff of Plaquemines Parish
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends New Iberia Senior High School head basketball coach Todd Russ for his work in the Acadiana community. Description: Commends New Iberia Senior High School head basketball coach Todd Russ for his work in the Acadiana community
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mechelle Evans, Louisiana Rural Caucus administrative director, on receipt of the 2020 Legislative Staff Achievement Award. Description: Commends Mechelle Evans, Louisiana Rural Caucus administrative director, on receipt of the 2020 Legislative Staff Achievement Award
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the governor to protect religious freedoms. Description: Requests the governor to protect religious freedoms
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Changes provisions of the Rules relative to the vouchered allotment for members of the House of Representatives set by the House Executive Committee. Description: Changes provisions of the Rules relative to the vouchered allotment for members of the House of Representatives set by the House Executive Committee
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Office adopt certain policies with respect to body-worn cameras. Description: Requests that the Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Office adopt certain policies with respect to body-worn cameras
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends BHP for its donation of more than 20,000 masks to the Louisiana Legislature. Description: Commends BHP for its donation of more than 20,000 masks to the Louisiana Legislature
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Amber Stevens. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Amber Stevens
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of JulianVenoy Kinnaird. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of JulianVenoy Kinnaird
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes June 9, 2020, as Our Lady of the Lake Children's Hospital Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes June 9, 2020, as Our Lady of the Lake Children's Hospital Day at the state capitol
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Erick Lawrence on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Description: Commends Erick Lawrence on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Samuel Philip Scurria. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Samuel Philip Scurria
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the La. Department of Health and Department of Veterans Affairs to implement policies for the health and safety of long-term care facility residents (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX). Description: Directs the La. Department of Health and Department of Veterans Affairs to implement policies for the health and safety of long-term care facility residents (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to conference committee reports. Description: Provides relative to conference committee reports
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of data points used for performance analysis by the Department of Economic Development. Description: Requests a study of data points used for performance analysis by the Department of Economic Development
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority to work with the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to develop integrated coastal protection projects aimed at preserving and maintaining healthy estuarine and essential fish habitat in and around Lake Pontchartrain. Description: Urges and requests the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority to work with the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to develop integrated coastal protection projects aimed at preserving and maintaining healthy estuarine and essential fish habitat in and around Lake Pontchartrain
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Michael "Mike" Anthony Barras. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Michael "Mike" Anthony Barras
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. James H. Crawley on his ninetieth birthday. Description: Commends Dr. James H. Crawley on his ninetieth birthday
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of George Floyd. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of George Floyd
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Florence Murchison Breda on the celebration of her ninetieth birthday. Description: Commends Florence Murchison Breda on the celebration of her ninetieth birthday
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Chief Edwin Bergeron, Jr., and the Hammond Police Department for their response to the events at the Hammond Square shopping center on June 5, 2020. Description: Commends Chief Edwin Bergeron, Jr., and the Hammond Police Department for their response to the events at the Hammond Square shopping center on June 5, 2020
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends James W. "Jim" Martin, Bienville Parish clerk of court, on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends James W. "Jim" Martin, Bienville Parish clerk of court, on the occasion of his retirement
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests study of centralized sales and use tax collection system in the state. Description: Requests study of centralized sales and use tax collection system in the state
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to study the feasibility of implementing a system to flag the license plates of individuals with autism or other developmental disabilities. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to study the feasibility of implementing a system to flag the license plates of individuals with autism or other developmental disabilities
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges the La. Department of Health to recommend standards and curricula on the subject of implicit bias in the delivery of health care. Description: Urges the La. Department of Health to recommend standards and curricula on the subject of implicit bias in the delivery of health care
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Austin Trahan on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Description: Commends Austin Trahan on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the city of Harahan on its one hundredth anniversary. Description: Commends the city of Harahan on its one hundredth anniversary
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the House Committee on Insurance to study and make recommendations regarding the effects of making the commissioner of insurance an appointed position. Description: Requests the House Committee on Insurance to study and make recommendations regarding the effects of making the commissioner of insurance an appointed position
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the homegoing of Jerry Wayne Yarbrough. Description: Expresses condolences on the homegoing of Jerry Wayne Yarbrough
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of William Leo Spaetgens. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of William Leo Spaetgens
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the House Committee on Commerce to study the effects that the railroads have on broadband deployment. Description: Urges and requests the House Committee on Commerce to study the effects that the railroads have on broadband deployment
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Philip Andrew "Andy" Trahan, Jr., and posthumously commends his lung cancer advocacy. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Philip Andrew "Andy" Trahan, Jr., and posthumously commends his lung cancer advocacy
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the La. Department of Health to seek approval of a Medicaid waiver authorizing reimbursement for inpatient treatment of serious mental illness. Description: Requests the La. Department of Health to seek approval of a Medicaid waiver authorizing reimbursement for inpatient treatment of serious mental illness
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Louis Walker Stacks. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Louis Walker Stacks
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Kelly Stacks Carpenter. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Kelly Stacks Carpenter
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Workforce Commission to promote access to unemployment insurance benefits by improving wait times for filing claims. Description: Requests the Louisiana Workforce Commission to promote access to unemployment insurance benefits by improving wait times for filing claims
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Acadian Air Med 6 crew members on a successful rescue and patient transport mission. Description: Commends the Acadian Air Med 6 crew members on a successful rescue and patient transport mission
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Donald Turner. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Donald Turner
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mark West on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends Mark West on the occasion of his retirement
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Gwen Hanks on her retirement from the Acadia Parish Tourist Commission. Description: Commends Gwen Hanks on her retirement from the Acadia Parish Tourist Commission
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Macura Hamilton. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Macura Hamilton
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Charley M. Lester, Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Charley M. Lester, Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sydney Alexandra LaFleur on being selected as the 2020 Debutante Queen for the Nu Gamma Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.. Description: Commends Sydney Alexandra LaFleur on being selected as the 2020 Debutante Queen for the Nu Gamma Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests all agencies and officials in Louisiana to promote and encourage response to the 2020 federal decennial census. Description: Requests all agencies and officials in Louisiana to promote and encourage response to the 2020 federal decennial census
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Ruby Guillory. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Ruby Guillory
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Gregg A. Minor. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Gregg A. Minor
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Michael Prudhomme for his work to name a pavilion in Richmond Park in Welsh after Cora Mae Gordon Vital. Description: Commends Michael Prudhomme for his work to name a pavilion in Richmond Park in Welsh after Cora Mae Gordon Vital
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Sydney Alexandra LaFleur on her outstanding accomplishments. Description: Commends and congratulates Sydney Alexandra LaFleur on her outstanding accomplishments
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Firmin Edward Simms. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Firmin Edward Simms
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Terry Alario, Sr. and Terry Alario, Jr. upon their induction into Northwestern State University's N-Club Hall of Fame, Class of 2020. Description: Commends Terry Alario, Sr. and Terry Alario, Jr. upon their induction into Northwestern State University's N-Club Hall of Fame, Class of 2020
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Blaine S. Kern. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Blaine S. Kern
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the members of the Louisiana Congressional Delegation to work with President Donald J. Trump and his administration on providing an exemption to the immigration ban for teachers on a J-1 visa. Description: Urges and requests the members of the Louisiana Congressional Delegation to work with President Donald J. Trump and his administration on providing an exemption to the immigration ban for teachers on a J-1 visa
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends A.D. Williams, Sr., on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends A.D. Williams, Sr., on the occasion of his retirement
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Olivea Shamae Batieste. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Olivea Shamae Batieste
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Zachary Cryer for being named the 2020 Louisiana Middle School Student of the Year. Description: Commends Zachary Cryer for being named the 2020 Louisiana Middle School Student of the Year
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Mark A. Dressel. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Mark A. Dressel
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Pastor Kendall Pierre, Sr., of Ama, Louisiana, in St. Charles Parish. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Pastor Kendall Pierre, Sr., of Ama, Louisiana, in St. Charles Parish
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lisa Burns on being named a 2020 National Distinguished Principal. Description: Commends Lisa Burns on being named a 2020 National Distinguished Principal
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Vera Mae Adams. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Vera Mae Adams
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar House committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar House committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends David Michael Ker III, the recipient of the 2020 St. Augustine High School Purple Knight Award.. Description: Commends David Michael Ker III, the recipient of the 2020 St. Augustine High School Purple Knight Award.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Pastor John H. James Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Pastor John H. James Sr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires a roll call vote to adopt a resolution introduced on the last day of a legislative session.. Description: Requires a roll call vote to adopt a resolution introduced on the last day of a legislative session.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of retired Orleans Parish Criminal District Court Judge, Charles Lloyd Elloie of New Orleans, Louisiana.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of retired Orleans Parish Criminal District Court Judge, Charles Lloyd Elloie of New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Tuesday, June 9, 2020, as Our Lady of the Lake Children's Hospital Day at the Capitol.. Description: Designates Tuesday, June 9, 2020, as Our Lady of the Lake Children's Hospital Day at the Capitol.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of William Andrew "Andy" Riche'.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of William Andrew "Andy" Riche'.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Morgan Samuel "Mike" Harmison IV.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Morgan Samuel "Mike" Harmison IV.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2020 Louisiana High School Association top-ranked powerlifting teams.. Description: Commends the 2020 Louisiana High School Association top-ranked powerlifting teams.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Don "Coach Watt" Nicholas Wattigny.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Don "Coach Watt" Nicholas Wattigny.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Police Chief Wesley Ezell of Gilbert, Louisiana.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Police Chief Wesley Ezell of Gilbert, Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Tumor Registry, the faculty of LSU Health Sciences Center in New Orleans, and the School of Public Heath for their contributions to the fight against cancer.. Description: Commends the Louisiana Tumor Registry, the faculty of LSU Health Sciences Center in New Orleans, and the School of Public Heath for their contributions to the fight against cancer.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Walter "Walt" Leger III for his dedicated service to the citizens of New Orleans and the state of Louisiana.. Description: Commends Walter "Walt" Leger III for his dedicated service to the citizens of New Orleans and the state of Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Colonel Carey Dale Walker.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Colonel Carey Dale Walker.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commemorates the adoption of the flag of the United States on June 14, 1777, and recognizes National Flag Week, June 14-20, 2020, in Louisiana.. Description: Commemorates the adoption of the flag of the United States on June 14, 1777, and recognizes National Flag Week, June 14-20, 2020, in Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Norris Joseph Broussard Sr. as he celebrates his 100th birthday.. Description: Commends Norris Joseph Broussard Sr. as he celebrates his 100th birthday.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To recognize and commemorate the historical significance of June 19,1865, as a day of celebration and recognition for the need to get along and work together.. Description: To recognize and commemorate the historical significance of June 19,1865, as a day of celebration and recognition for the need to get along and work together.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges the Louisiana Department of Health to recommend standards and curricula on the subject of implicit bias in the delivery of health care.. Description: Urges the Louisiana Department of Health to recommend standards and curricula on the subject of implicit bias in the delivery of health care.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the study of the feasibility of establishing an optimal funding mechanism for the Louisiana Public Defender Board.. Description: Requests the study of the feasibility of establishing an optimal funding mechanism for the Louisiana Public Defender Board.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Bobbie Deshotel.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Bobbie Deshotel.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of James E. Dale.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of James E. Dale.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Taylor Lesniewski on the mature instincts exhibited when she placed a call to 911 and saved the lives of her mother and baby sister.. Description: Commends Taylor Lesniewski on the mature instincts exhibited when she placed a call to 911 and saved the lives of her mother and baby sister.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends William Kinnison "Kinny" Haddox on his induction into the Louisiana Chapter of the Legends of the Outdoors National Hall of Fame.. Description: Commends William Kinnison "Kinny" Haddox on his induction into the Louisiana Chapter of the Legends of the Outdoors National Hall of Fame.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dr. Nick J. Bruno, president of the University of Louisiana Monroe, on his retirement.. Description: Commends Dr. Nick J. Bruno, president of the University of Louisiana Monroe, on his retirement.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Commissioner of Insurance to report to the Senate to the extent any reductions to automobile insurance rates have been realized.. Description: Requests the Commissioner of Insurance to report to the Senate to the extent any reductions to automobile insurance rates have been realized.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Shalika M. Scott, Middle School Principal of the Year for East Baton Rouge Schools and Semi-Finalist for the 2020-2021 Louisiana Principal of the Year.. Description: Commends Shalika M. Scott, Middle School Principal of the Year for East Baton Rouge Schools and Semi-Finalist for the 2020-2021 Louisiana Principal of the Year.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Rosalie Hbert of New Orleans, Louisiana.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the death of Rosalie Hbert of New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Macura Hamilton.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Macura Hamilton.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes 2020 as the Year of the Nurse in honor of the 200th anniversary of the birth of Florence Nightingale, a visionary nurse and leader, and in recognition of the vital role of nurses in the provision of health services worldwide.. Description: Recognizes 2020 as the Year of the Nurse in honor of the 200th anniversary of the birth of Florence Nightingale, a visionary nurse and leader, and in recognition of the vital role of nurses in the provision of health services worldwide.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health and Department of Veterans Affairs to implement policies for the health and safety of long-term care facility residents.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health and Department of Veterans Affairs to implement policies for the health and safety of long-term care facility residents.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Bud Viator.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Bud Viator.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Charley M. Lester Jr. and posthumously recognizes his many years of dedicated service.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Charley M. Lester Jr. and posthumously recognizes his many years of dedicated service.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Trapper Lee Munn.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Trapper Lee Munn.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lance Corporal Kyle Miguel (K.M.) Savoy of the United States Marine Corps for being awarded an Outstanding Service medal in recognition of logistical work provided the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force.. Description: Commends Lance Corporal Kyle Miguel (K.M.) Savoy of the United States Marine Corps for being awarded an Outstanding Service medal in recognition of logistical work provided the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Katina M. Semien for her service as the 25th South Central Regional Director of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated.. Description: Commends Katina M. Semien for her service as the 25th South Central Regional Director of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to develop and provide online educational resources to public school students for the 2020-2021 school year.. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to develop and provide online educational resources to public school students for the 2020-2021 school year.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the election of judges in the 14th JDC. Description: Provides relative to the election of judges in the 14th JDC
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to adopt rules relative to the use of school property and personnel for athletic activities during the 2020-2021 school year to ensure CDC guidelines are implemented to protect the health and safety of student athletes, coaches, and spectators.. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to adopt rules relative to the use of school property and personnel for athletic activities during the 2020-2021 school year to ensure CDC guidelines are implemented to protect the health and safety of student athletes, coaches, and spectators.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the governor, the congressional delegation, and certain legislative committees to respond immediately to the impact COVID-19 has had on Louisiana's unemployment trust fund.. Description: Requests the governor, the congressional delegation, and certain legislative committees to respond immediately to the impact COVID-19 has had on Louisiana's unemployment trust fund.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ricky Moses, sheriff of Beauregard Parish, for his long and distinguished career in law enforcement.. Description: Commends Ricky Moses, sheriff of Beauregard Parish, for his long and distinguished career in law enforcement.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Blaine S. Kern Sr., "Mr. Mardi Gras".. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Blaine S. Kern Sr., "Mr. Mardi Gras".
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Zion City on the occasion of its 100 year anniversary.. Description: Commends Zion City on the occasion of its 100 year anniversary.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Ruby Guillory.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Ruby Guillory.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Zachary Evans Cryer of Benton Middle School for being named the 2020 Louisiana Middle School Student of the Year.. Description: Commends Zachary Evans Cryer of Benton Middle School for being named the 2020 Louisiana Middle School Student of the Year.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Antavion Jacarri Moore for being named the 2020 Louisiana High School Student of the Year.. Description: Commends Antavion Jacarri Moore for being named the 2020 Louisiana High School Student of the Year.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 15 for his or her exemplary and dedicated service during the 2019-2020 school year.. Description: Commends the Teacher of the Year from schools located in Senate District 15 for his or her exemplary and dedicated service during the 2019-2020 school year.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Interfaith Federation of Greater Baton Rouge Holy Grill program for over 30 years of service and for providing services through the COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Commends the Interfaith Federation of Greater Baton Rouge Holy Grill program for over 30 years of service and for providing services through the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Dawn Harris Jeffries on her Doctor of Philosophy presentation addressing "Social mobility for girls born into poverty. Description: Commends Dawn Harris Jeffries on her Doctor of Philosophy presentation addressing "Social mobility for girls born into poverty
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Leo Joseph Casanave on the occasion of his retirement from the St. Tammany Parish School System after 53 years of service as a math and science teacher and counselor.. Description: Commends Leo Joseph Casanave on the occasion of his retirement from the St. Tammany Parish School System after 53 years of service as a math and science teacher and counselor.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Robbin Eames Hardy.. Description: Expresses sincere condolences upon the death of Robbin Eames Hardy.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Children and Family Services to report to the legislature on the impact and success of the department's guidelines on care setting decision making for children under age six.. Description: Requests the Department of Children and Family Services to report to the legislature on the impact and success of the department's guidelines on care setting decision making for children under age six.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends United States Coast Guard veteran Andy Washington on his 100th birthday.. Description: Commends United States Coast Guard veteran Andy Washington on his 100th birthday.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes and expresses condolences upon the deaths of Feaster Dorsey and Lawrence "Pookie" Jones.. Description: Recognizes and expresses condolences upon the deaths of Feaster Dorsey and Lawrence "Pookie" Jones.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for monies in the Budget Stabilization Fund to be available for appropriation in Fiscal Year 2020-2021 (Item #14) (EG +$90,062,911 GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for monies in the Budget Stabilization Fund to be available for appropriation in Fiscal Year 2020-2021 (Item #14) (EG +$90,062,911 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a hospital stabilization formula (Item #12) (EN +$104,004,420 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for a hospital stabilization formula (Item #12) (EN +$104,004,420 SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the continuity of government provisions by the house and senate governmental affairs committees, meeting jointly. Description: Requests a study of the continuity of government provisions by the house and senate governmental affairs committees, meeting jointly
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Calls for a convention to amend the United States Constitution to establish a limitation on terms for members of congress. Description: Calls for a convention to amend the United States Constitution to establish a limitation on terms for members of congress
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study the Constitution of Louisiana and make recommendations to the legislature regarding transitional and outdated language that can be removed or changed without affecting the effect of the constitutional provisions. Description: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study the Constitution of Louisiana and make recommendations to the legislature regarding transitional and outdated language that can be removed or changed without affecting the effect of the constitutional provisions
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requires all fiscal notes to be requested in writing and requires the name of the person who requested the fiscal note to appear on the face of the fiscal note. Description: Requires all fiscal notes to be requested in writing and requires the name of the person who requested the fiscal note to appear on the face of the fiscal note
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Samir Salman, accomplished civil engineer and distinguished LSU alumnus. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Samir Salman, accomplished civil engineer and distinguished LSU alumnus
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests governing authorities of public schools to continue operational pay for school bus operators during emergencies. Description: Requests governing authorities of public schools to continue operational pay for school bus operators during emergencies
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes the U.S. Congress and the Louisiana congressional delegation to remove the revenue sharing cap on the Gulf of Mexico Energy Securities Act of 2006 for Gulf producing states and to take such actions as are necessary to rectify the federal revenue sharing inequities between energy producing states. Description: Memorializes the U.S. Congress and the Louisiana congressional delegation to remove the revenue sharing cap on the Gulf of Mexico Energy Securities Act of 2006 for Gulf producing states and to take such actions as are necessary to rectify the federal revenue sharing inequities between energy producing states
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana Workforce Investment Council to study and submit a report to the legislature relative to funding and programs for workforce development. Description: Directs the Louisiana Workforce Investment Council to study and submit a report to the legislature relative to funding and programs for workforce development
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress and the Louisiana congressional delegation to clarify the eligibility of freshwater fisheries impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic to receive CARES Act dollars. Description: Memorializes Congress and the Louisiana congressional delegation to clarify the eligibility of freshwater fisheries impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic to receive CARES Act dollars
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests certain state agencies and private businesses to recognize the value that justice-involved persons bring to the workforce and society, and to act with the intention to empower, train, and employ such individuals. Description: Requests certain state agencies and private businesses to recognize the value that justice-involved persons bring to the workforce and society, and to act with the intention to empower, train, and employ such individuals
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Suspends provisions relative to safety belt evidence (Item #40). Description: Suspends provisions relative to safety belt evidence (Item #40)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Suspends provisions of law relative to direct actions against insurers (Item #40). Description: Suspends provisions of law relative to direct actions against insurers (Item #40)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Suspends provision of law relative to jury trial threshold (Item #40) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Suspends provision of law relative to jury trial threshold (Item #40) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commend Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center at Shreveport for its extraordinary response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Description: Commend Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center at Shreveport for its extraordinary response to the COVID-19 pandemic
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates Sunday, July 26, 2020, as Americans with Disabilities Act Awareness Day in Louisiana. Description: Designates Sunday, July 26, 2020, as Americans with Disabilities Act Awareness Day in Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the election of the legislative fiscal officer of the Legislature of Louisiana. Description: Provides for the election of the legislative fiscal officer of the Legislature of Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a joint subcommittee of the House Committee on Insurance and Senate Committee on Insurance to undertake a study to make recommendations for proposed legislation relative to balance or surprise billing in Louisiana. Description: Requests a joint subcommittee of the House Committee on Insurance and Senate Committee on Insurance to undertake a study to make recommendations for proposed legislation relative to balance or surprise billing in Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study by the respective legislative committees to study the rights of caregivers and the establishment of a "caregivers' bill of rights" for family members, legal guardians, and other persons who provide care for persons with serious mental illness. Description: Requests a study by the respective legislative committees to study the rights of caregivers and the establishment of a "caregivers' bill of rights" for family members, legal guardians, and other persons who provide care for persons with serious mental illness
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Malcolm John "Dr. John" Rebennack Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Malcolm John "Dr. John" Rebennack Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the condolences upon the death of Arthur "Art" Lanon Neville.. Description: Expresses the condolences upon the death of Arthur "Art" Lanon Neville.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on Log Truck and Agriculture Vehicle Liability Insurance.. Description: Creates the Task Force on Log Truck and Agriculture Vehicle Liability Insurance.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the study of the feasibility of establishing a tax credit program as a funding mechanism for public-private partnership investment in Louisiana infrastructure projects.. Description: Requests the study of the feasibility of establishing a tax credit program as a funding mechanism for public-private partnership investment in Louisiana infrastructure projects.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Marvin Charles Gros Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Marvin Charles Gros Sr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Police Training, Screening, and De-escalation Task Force to study and make recommendations to the legislature.. Description: Establishes the Police Training, Screening, and De-escalation Task Force to study and make recommendations to the legislature.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Jo Ann Drachenberg Beam.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Jo Ann Drachenberg Beam.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Glen Bonin.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Glen Bonin.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ronnie Jones for his dedication, knowledge, experience, and leadership as chairman of the Louisiana Gaming Control Board.. Description: Commends Ronnie Jones for his dedication, knowledge, experience, and leadership as chairman of the Louisiana Gaming Control Board.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests certain state agencies and private businesses in Louisiana to recognize the value that justice-involved persons can bring to the workforce and society and to act with intention to empower, train, and employ such individuals.. Description: Requests certain state agencies and private businesses in Louisiana to recognize the value that justice-involved persons can bring to the workforce and society and to act with intention to empower, train, and employ such individuals.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Drug and Specialty Courts Commission.. Description: Creates the Drug and Specialty Courts Commission.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Workforce Commission to distribute information regarding the provisions of the Families First Coronavirus Response Act that provides paid sick time to employees who are unable to work due to the effects of COVID-19.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Workforce Commission to distribute information regarding the provisions of the Families First Coronavirus Response Act that provides paid sick time to employees who are unable to work due to the effects of COVID-19.
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Suspends certain provisions of law relative to safety belt evidence. (Item #40) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Suspends certain provisions of law relative to safety belt evidence. (Item #40) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Sales Tax Simplification Task Force to develop a comprehensive plan to simplify Louisiana's sales tax administration and collection system. (OR SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Creates the Louisiana Sales Tax Simplification Task Force to develop a comprehensive plan to simplify Louisiana's sales tax administration and collection system. (OR SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Education to assist certain public school boards to enter into cooperative agreements for the provision of essential services.. Description: Requests the Department of Education to assist certain public school boards to enter into cooperative agreements for the provision of essential services.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Benton High School Lady Tigers girls basketball team on winning the Class 5A state championship.. Description: Commends Benton High School Lady Tigers girls basketball team on winning the Class 5A state championship.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to extend the certification for an 8(a) business by one additional year if the business was certified by January 1, 2020.. Description: Memorializes Congress to extend the certification for an 8(a) business by one additional year if the business was certified by January 1, 2020.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Declares April 2nd as World Autism Day in Louisiana, annually.. Description: Declares April 2nd as World Autism Day in Louisiana, annually.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Philip Andrew "Andy" Trahan Jr. and posthumously commends him for his lung cancer advocacy and mentorship.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Philip Andrew "Andy" Trahan Jr. and posthumously commends him for his lung cancer advocacy and mentorship.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the division of administration to review the eligibility of Louisiana district attorneys to obtain reimbursement under the "public safety" presumption of the CARES Act. (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX See Note). Description: Requests the division of administration to review the eligibility of Louisiana district attorneys to obtain reimbursement under the "public safety" presumption of the CARES Act. (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health to seek independent consultant opinions and alternative options for the submission of the Managed Care Section 438.6(c) Preprint to CMS for FY22 prior to finalization.. Description: Directs the Louisiana Department of Health to seek independent consultant opinions and alternative options for the submission of the Managed Care Section 438.6(c) Preprint to CMS for FY22 prior to finalization.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Department of Insurance study and report on approaches taken by other southern states to reduce automobile insurance premiums, report statistics obtained by the insurance fraud investigation unit, and advise as to ways to increase the number of automobile insurers writing policies in the state and to report that information to the legislative Task Force on Available and Affordable Automobile Insurance.. Description: Requests that the Department of Insurance study and report on approaches taken by other southern states to reduce automobile insurance premiums, report statistics obtained by the insurance fraud investigation unit, and advise as to ways to increase the number of automobile insurers writing policies in the state and to report that information to the legislative Task Force on Available and Affordable Automobile Insurance.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Gaming Control Board to report on the fiscal impact of the promotional play exception to the definitions of net gaming proceeds, gross revenue, and net slot machine proceeds.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Gaming Control Board to report on the fiscal impact of the promotional play exception to the definitions of net gaming proceeds, gross revenue, and net slot machine proceeds.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the President of the United States of America to provide an exemption from the immigration ban and grant visas to foreign language teachers recruited to teach in Louisiana.. Description: Requests the President of the United States of America to provide an exemption from the immigration ban and grant visas to foreign language teachers recruited to teach in Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes and commemorates the 2020 Inaugural Unified Social Distance Juneteenth Caravan in honor of Ms. Sadie Roberts-Joseph.. Description: Recognizes and commemorates the 2020 Inaugural Unified Social Distance Juneteenth Caravan in honor of Ms. Sadie Roberts-Joseph.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the frequency of plan experience studies for the Parochial Employees' Retirement System of Louisiana (EN DECREASE FC SG EX). Description: Provides relative to the frequency of plan experience studies for the Parochial Employees' Retirement System of Louisiana (EN DECREASE FC SG EX)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the rehire of retired teachers in the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana as substitute classroom teachers (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to the rehire of retired teachers in the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana as substitute classroom teachers (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the calculation of average compensation of members of the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana (RE INCREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to the calculation of average compensation of members of the Teachers' Retirement System of Louisiana (RE INCREASE APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to benefit payments if an eligible member of the Firefighters' Retirement System dies prior to retirement (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to benefit payments if an eligible member of the Firefighters' Retirement System dies prior to retirement (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the suspension of benefits of members of the Firefighters' Retirement System upon reemployment (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides relative to the suspension of benefits of members of the Firefighters' Retirement System upon reemployment (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to enrollment of employees in the Firefighters' Retirement System or the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to enrollment of employees in the Firefighters' Retirement System or the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the refund of employee contributions to the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides relative to the refund of employee contributions to the Firefighters' Retirement System (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for membership of certain new hires of the Lafayette City-Parish Consolidated Government in the Parochial Employees' Retirement System of Louisiana (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides for membership of certain new hires of the Lafayette City-Parish Consolidated Government in the Parochial Employees' Retirement System of Louisiana (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to entities that are employers covered by the Parochial Employees' Retirement System of Louisiana (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Provides relative to entities that are employers covered by the Parochial Employees' Retirement System of Louisiana (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to contributions to and the administration of the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN DECREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to contributions to and the administration of the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN DECREASE APV)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Establishes a funding deposit account for the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System and authorizes the board of trustees of the system to modify required employer contribution rates (RE DECREASE APV). Description: Establishes a funding deposit account for the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System and authorizes the board of trustees of the system to modify required employer contribution rates (RE DECREASE APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to membership and benefits of the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Provides relative to membership and benefits of the Municipal Police Employees' Retirement System (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the reporting duties of law enforcement with respect to information about missing children. Description: Provides relative to the reporting duties of law enforcement with respect to information about missing children
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides a limitation of liability for donating certain wild game. Description: Provides a limitation of liability for donating certain wild game
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that the annual amount of a Taylor Opportunity Program for Students (TOPS) award at Northwest Louisiana Technical Community College shall match the annual award amount at other technical community colleges (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides that the annual amount of a Taylor Opportunity Program for Students (TOPS) award at Northwest Louisiana Technical Community College shall match the annual award amount at other technical community colleges (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the filing of oaths and bonds by registrars of voters. Description: Provides relative to the filing of oaths and bonds by registrars of voters
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the election of judges for the 2nd JDC. Description: Provides relative to the election of judges for the 2nd JDC
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the functions of the jury commission in Tangipahoa Parish and Jackson Parish. Description: Provides for the functions of the jury commission in Tangipahoa Parish and Jackson Parish
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to premium costs for retired sheriffs and deputy sheriffs of the Catahoula Parish Sheriff's Office (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to premium costs for retired sheriffs and deputy sheriffs of the Catahoula Parish Sheriff's Office (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to exceptions to the crime of political payroll padding by a sheriff (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to exceptions to the crime of political payroll padding by a sheriff (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of battery of a police officer (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the crime of battery of a police officer (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to National Guard death and disability benefits and qualifying subsequent examination (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to National Guard death and disability benefits and qualifying subsequent examination (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the supervision and reporting requirements of persons on probation or parole (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the supervision and reporting requirements of persons on probation or parole (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to group health insurance for retired district attorneys. Description: Provides relative to group health insurance for retired district attorneys
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides an exception to allow immediate family members of a coach of a collegiate athletic program to be employed on the staff of that program. Description: Provides an exception to allow immediate family members of a coach of a collegiate athletic program to be employed on the staff of that program
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits disclosure by registrars of voters, clerks of court, and the Department of State of information related to voter registration and election management computer systems. Description: Prohibits disclosure by registrars of voters, clerks of court, and the Department of State of information related to voter registration and election management computer systems
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds certain substances to the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substances Law (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Adds certain substances to the Uniform Controlled Dangerous Substances Law (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Louisiana Department of Health. Description: Re-creates the Louisiana Department of Health
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative the composition of the election sections of the Second District of the Third Circuit Court of Appeal. Description: Provides relative the composition of the election sections of the Second District of the Third Circuit Court of Appeal
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an increase in commissioner fees in the Twenty-Fourth Judicial District Court (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Provides for an increase in commissioner fees in the Twenty-Fourth Judicial District Court (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Removes certain limitations on the exemption from local match requirements for certain rural water system projects (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Removes certain limitations on the exemption from local match requirements for certain rural water system projects (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the signing of civil pleadings. Description: Provides relative to the signing of civil pleadings
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Department of Public Safety and Corrections. Description: Re-creates the Department of Public Safety and Corrections
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the East Baton Rouge Parish Housing Authority. Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the East Baton Rouge Parish Housing Authority
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends cooperative endeavor agreements for use of surface waters. Description: Extends cooperative endeavor agreements for use of surface waters
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Housing Authority of the City of Shreveport. Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Housing Authority of the City of Shreveport
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the ordinary operating expenses of state government for Fiscal Year 2020-2021. Description: Provides for the ordinary operating expenses of state government for Fiscal Year 2020-2021
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits vaping in motor vehicles under certain circumstances. Description: Prohibits vaping in motor vehicles under certain circumstances
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to methods of service of process regarding actions objecting to candidacy and contesting an election. Description: Provides relative to methods of service of process regarding actions objecting to candidacy and contesting an election
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the Red River, Atchafalaya, and Bayou Beouf Levee Districts to exchange property in Avoyelles Parish. Description: Authorizes the Red River, Atchafalaya, and Bayou Beouf Levee Districts to exchange property in Avoyelles Parish
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of facility dogs in court. Description: Provides relative to the use of facility dogs in court
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to parish boards of election supervisors. Description: Provides relative to parish boards of election supervisors
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of court costs and fees for services by constables and marshals (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the use of court costs and fees for services by constables and marshals (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Restricts spending of the state general fund (direct) from recurring money to 98% of the official forecast (EG -$196,000,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Restricts spending of the state general fund (direct) from recurring money to 98% of the official forecast (EG -$196,000,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the ratification of certain executive orders relative to notarial acts. Description: Provides for the ratification of certain executive orders relative to notarial acts
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the allocation of receipts and expense to income and principal. Description: Provides relative to the allocation of receipts and expense to income and principal
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for continuous revisions to the Trust Code. Description: Provides for continuous revisions to the Trust Code
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the continuous revision of succession law. Description: Provides for the continuous revision of succession law
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for ownership in bond for deed contracts for purposes of homestead exemptions. Description: Provides for ownership in bond for deed contracts for purposes of homestead exemptions
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a motion to expunge a record of arrest that did not result in a conviction. Description: Provides relative to a motion to expunge a record of arrest that did not result in a conviction
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to termination of the Louisiana Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council. Description: Provides relative to termination of the Louisiana Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to covered claims of the Louisiana Insurance Guaranty Association. Description: Provides relative to covered claims of the Louisiana Insurance Guaranty Association
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adopts daylight saving time as the standard time. Description: Adopts daylight saving time as the standard time
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the crime of adulterating a food product (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Creates the crime of adulterating a food product (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Repeals the crime of vagrancy (EN DECREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Repeals the crime of vagrancy (EN DECREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the preemption of state law for firearms. Description: Provides relative to the preemption of state law for firearms
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to successions. Description: Provides relative to successions
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries. Description: Re-creates the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the mandatory age limitation for certain elected officials (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the mandatory age limitation for certain elected officials (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Amends the crime of battery of a police officer to include the throwing of water, other liquids, or human waste. Description: Amends the crime of battery of a police officer to include the throwing of water, other liquids, or human waste
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the use of a petty cash account. Description: Provides relative to the use of a petty cash account
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for insurance coverage for acupuncture (RE INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for insurance coverage for acupuncture (RE INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes the recommendation of medical marijuana in treating certain neurodegenerative diseases and conditions. Description: Authorizes the recommendation of medical marijuana in treating certain neurodegenerative diseases and conditions
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows nighttime hunting of outlaw quadrupeds, nutria, and beaver on private property at any time of the year. Description: Allows nighttime hunting of outlaw quadrupeds, nutria, and beaver on private property at any time of the year
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to emergency medical services protocols in certain life-threatening situations. Description: Provides relative to emergency medical services protocols in certain life-threatening situations
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the submission of nominees for the offices of president and vice president. Description: Provides relative to the submission of nominees for the offices of president and vice president
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to exemptions for steam heating boilers. Description: Provides relative to exemptions for steam heating boilers
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides a limited authorization for DCFS to obtain copies of birth and death certificates of certain children and adults. Description: Provides a limited authorization for DCFS to obtain copies of birth and death certificates of certain children and adults
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides parole eligibility for certain juvenile offenders (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides parole eligibility for certain juvenile offenders (EN DECREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the suspension or deferral of sentence and probation in felony cases (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the suspension or deferral of sentence and probation in felony cases (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain conditions to expunge a record of arrest and conviction of a felony offense. Description: Provides relative to certain conditions to expunge a record of arrest and conviction of a felony offense
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the lease of certain state property in Jefferson Parish. Description: Provides for the lease of certain state property in Jefferson Parish
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires licensure for insurance producers acting on behalf of fraternal benefit societies. Description: Requires licensure for insurance producers acting on behalf of fraternal benefit societies
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the time for filing pretrial motions. Description: Provides relative to the time for filing pretrial motions
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain expungement forms. Description: Provides relative to certain expungement forms
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Louisiana Tax Institute within the legislature and provides for the membership and the terms of membership of the governing board (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Establishes the Louisiana Tax Institute within the legislature and provides for the membership and the terms of membership of the governing board (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the re-creation of the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism. Description: Provides relative to the re-creation of the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes CASA to receive FBI records on potential CASA volunteers. Description: Authorizes CASA to receive FBI records on potential CASA volunteers
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes a health insurance issuer to provide policy information electronically. Description: Authorizes a health insurance issuer to provide policy information electronically
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a child support obligor's right to claim children for tax purposes and provides for the schedule of basic child support obligations. Description: Provides for a child support obligor's right to claim children for tax purposes and provides for the schedule of basic child support obligations
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to state banks and credit unions providing financial services to cannabis-related legitimate businesses and service providers. Description: Provides relative to state banks and credit unions providing financial services to cannabis-related legitimate businesses and service providers
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to domestic abuse (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to domestic abuse (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Military Hall of Fame and Museum. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Military Hall of Fame and Museum
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to requests made for medical examinations. Description: Provides relative to requests made for medical examinations
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the judicial enforcement of fines and penalties assessed by the state licensing board for contractors. Description: Provides relative to the judicial enforcement of fines and penalties assessed by the state licensing board for contractors
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the nature of production payments. Description: Provides relative to the nature of production payments
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the Louisiana Department of Health office of behavioral health to conduct reviews of deaths of persons served by the office. Description: Authorizes the Louisiana Department of Health office of behavioral health to conduct reviews of deaths of persons served by the office
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to expungement of records. Description: Provides relative to expungement of records
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the student passage rate required by the Louisiana State Board of Nursing. Description: Provides relative to the student passage rate required by the Louisiana State Board of Nursing
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the secretary of the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to certify "organizations involved in charitable hunting and fishing activities" and waives license fees for such organizations (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Authorizes the secretary of the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to certify "organizations involved in charitable hunting and fishing activities" and waives license fees for such organizations (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to credit for reinsurance. Description: Provides relative to credit for reinsurance
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to overtime compensation of Department of State employees for election-related activities during certain time periods (EN +$271,605 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to overtime compensation of Department of State employees for election-related activities during certain time periods (EN +$271,605 GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for certain fees to be dedicated to the operational costs of the office of coroner in Concordia Parish (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for certain fees to be dedicated to the operational costs of the office of coroner in Concordia Parish (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recreates the Early Childhood Care and Education Commission. Description: Recreates the Early Childhood Care and Education Commission
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the form of payment for expungement of a record. Description: Provides relative to the form of payment for expungement of a record
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for insurance coverage of step therapy or fail first protocols. Description: Provides for insurance coverage of step therapy or fail first protocols
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain recordkeeping by the clerks of court. Description: Provides relative to certain recordkeeping by the clerks of court
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Allows for the use of the Budget Stabilization Fund for state costs associated with a federally declared disaster (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Allows for the use of the Budget Stabilization Fund for state costs associated with a federally declared disaster (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows for the use of the Budget Stabilization Fund for state costs associated with a federally declared disaster (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Allows for the use of the Budget Stabilization Fund for state costs associated with a federally declared disaster (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the execution of electronic notarial acts. Description: Provides for the execution of electronic notarial acts
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for cancellation of a policy by the insured party. Description: Provides for cancellation of a policy by the insured party
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to financial institutions. Description: Provides relative to financial institutions
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the purchase of an automobile by the Livingston Parish Clerk of Court. Description: Provides relative to the purchase of an automobile by the Livingston Parish Clerk of Court
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits the disclosure of addresses and telephone numbers of election commissioners. Description: Prohibits the disclosure of addresses and telephone numbers of election commissioners
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to hotel occupancy taxes levied by certain tourist commissions and convention and visitors bureaus (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to hotel occupancy taxes levied by certain tourist commissions and convention and visitors bureaus (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Appropriates funds for the expenses of the judiciary for Fiscal Year 2020-2021. Description: Appropriates funds for the expenses of the judiciary for Fiscal Year 2020-2021
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the transfer, deposit, and use of monies among state funds (EG SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for the transfer, deposit, and use of monies among state funds (EG SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the ancillary expenses of state government. Description: Provides for the ancillary expenses of state government
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2019-2020. Description: Makes supplemental appropriations for Fiscal Year 2019-2020
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to denial of coverage by dental plans. Description: Provides relative to denial of coverage by dental plans
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Exempts retired volunteer dentists from continuing education requirements. Description: Exempts retired volunteer dentists from continuing education requirements
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a driver's license designation for a person with autism spectrum disorder (EN +$75,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Establishes a driver's license designation for a person with autism spectrum disorder (EN +$75,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the composition of the La. State Board of Nursing. Description: Provides relative to the composition of the La. State Board of Nursing
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes an exemption from local sales taxes for feminine hygiene products and diapers (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes an exemption from local sales taxes for feminine hygiene products and diapers (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Adds chronic pain associated with fibromyalgia to the set of conditions qualifying a patient for treatment with medical marijuana. Description: Adds chronic pain associated with fibromyalgia to the set of conditions qualifying a patient for treatment with medical marijuana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes a concealed handgun permit holder to carry a concealed handgun in a place of worship. Description: Authorizes a concealed handgun permit holder to carry a concealed handgun in a place of worship
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the lieutenant governor and the secretary of the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism to designate a person to serve in their stead on certain boards and commissions. Description: Authorizes the lieutenant governor and the secretary of the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism to designate a person to serve in their stead on certain boards and commissions
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to physical and mental health information of an offender appearing before the committee on parole. Description: Provides relative to physical and mental health information of an offender appearing before the committee on parole
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Bail Bond Apprentice Program. Description: Provides relative to the Bail Bond Apprentice Program
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits the use of solitary confinement for certain persons. Description: Prohibits the use of solitary confinement for certain persons
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to claims for dental services made by healthcare providers. Description: Provides relative to claims for dental services made by healthcare providers
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the subject matter jurisdiction of certain courts. Description: Provides relative to the subject matter jurisdiction of certain courts
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fantasy sports contests (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to fantasy sports contests (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for the methodology of valuation of oil and gas wells for the purpose of ad valorem assessment (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for the methodology of valuation of oil and gas wells for the purpose of ad valorem assessment (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to supported decisionmaking agreements as a less restrictive means to interdiction. Description: Provides relative to supported decisionmaking agreements as a less restrictive means to interdiction
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates and provides for a retired volunteer dental hygienist license (EG SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Creates and provides for a retired volunteer dental hygienist license (EG SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to qualified truck stop facilities. Description: Provides relative to qualified truck stop facilities
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the comprehensive sports injury management program for student athletics (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the comprehensive sports injury management program for student athletics (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to behavioral health services delivered via telehealth. Description: Provides relative to behavioral health services delivered via telehealth
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Forest Oak Windsor Place Crime Prevention, Improvement, and Beautification District in East Baton Rouge Parish. Description: Creates the Forest Oak Windsor Place Crime Prevention, Improvement, and Beautification District in East Baton Rouge Parish
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Westminster Pine Park Crime Prevention and Neighborhood Improvement District in East Baton Rouge Parish. Description: Provides relative to the Westminster Pine Park Crime Prevention and Neighborhood Improvement District in East Baton Rouge Parish
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes an economic development district in Morehouse Parish. Description: Establishes an economic development district in Morehouse Parish
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to gravity drainage districts in Calcasieu Parish. Description: Provides relative to gravity drainage districts in Calcasieu Parish
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the qualifications of the members of the municipal fire and police civil service board in the city of Baton Rouge. Description: Provides relative to the qualifications of the members of the municipal fire and police civil service board in the city of Baton Rouge
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to compensation for members of the Washington Parish planning commission. Description: Provides relative to compensation for members of the Washington Parish planning commission
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a parking fee exemption for disabled veterans at cruise terminals for the Port of New Orleans. Description: Establishes a parking fee exemption for disabled veterans at cruise terminals for the Port of New Orleans
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Removes a specific function of the office of forestry and certain authority of the Louisiana Forestry Commission related to production and prices of forest tree seedlings grown by the department. Description: Removes a specific function of the office of forestry and certain authority of the Louisiana Forestry Commission related to production and prices of forest tree seedlings grown by the department
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the commissioner's authority to regulate cooperative agreements within the Louisiana Forestry Productivity Program. Description: Provides for the commissioner's authority to regulate cooperative agreements within the Louisiana Forestry Productivity Program
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the State Forestry Commission's comprehensive management plan for the Alexander State Forest and Indian Creek. Description: Provides relative to the State Forestry Commission's comprehensive management plan for the Alexander State Forest and Indian Creek
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for an extension of court costs collected by the Civil District Court for the parish of Orleans (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Provides for an extension of court costs collected by the Civil District Court for the parish of Orleans (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to clerks of court. Description: Provides relative to clerks of court
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Grants the secretary of the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism the power to make personnel decisions. Description: Grants the secretary of the Department of Culture, Recreation and Tourism the power to make personnel decisions
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to purchasing by school boards. Description: Provides with respect to purchasing by school boards
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the presumption of paternity. Description: Provides relative to the presumption of paternity
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to hunting and fishing license fees for Purple Heart recipients (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to hunting and fishing license fees for Purple Heart recipients (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expands the authorized uses of monies in the State Emergency Response Fund (RE SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Expands the authorized uses of monies in the State Emergency Response Fund (RE SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Monroe Housing Authority. Description: Provides relative to the civil service status of employees of the Monroe Housing Authority
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the waiver of certain court costs and fees (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the waiver of certain court costs and fees (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to immunity from prosecution for medical marijuana. Description: Provides relative to immunity from prosecution for medical marijuana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to minimum training requirements for law enforcement officers. Description: Provides relative to minimum training requirements for law enforcement officers
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to bail bond enforcement (EG SEE FISC NOTE SD RV). Description: Provides relative to bail bond enforcement (EG SEE FISC NOTE SD RV)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to apprenticeships. Description: Provides relative to apprenticeships
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Revises membership and provides relative to powers and duties of the Louisiana Fire and Emergency Training Commission. Description: Revises membership and provides relative to powers and duties of the Louisiana Fire and Emergency Training Commission
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to seed testing and labeling. Description: Provides relative to seed testing and labeling
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain homicide offenses. Description: Provides relative to certain homicide offenses
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to nonconsensual pelvic or rectal examinations by health care providers and medical students. Description: Provides relative to nonconsensual pelvic or rectal examinations by health care providers and medical students
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to contempt proceedings when the Department of Children and Family Services is providing support enforcement services. Description: Provides relative to contempt proceedings when the Department of Children and Family Services is providing support enforcement services
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to timber harvest season permits. Description: Provides relative to timber harvest season permits
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the board of commissioners of the Lakeshore Crime Prevention District. Description: Provides relative to the board of commissioners of the Lakeshore Crime Prevention District
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Dedication of unclaimed property funds and creation of Louisiana Unclaimed Property Permanent Trust Fund (RE -$25,000,000 GF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Dedication of unclaimed property funds and creation of Louisiana Unclaimed Property Permanent Trust Fund (RE -$25,000,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides penalties for simple burglary committed under certain circumstances (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides penalties for simple burglary committed under certain circumstances (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to motions to modify disposition. Description: Provides relative to motions to modify disposition
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes recommendation of medical marijuana by physicians for patients in hospice or palliative care. Description: Authorizes recommendation of medical marijuana by physicians for patients in hospice or palliative care
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the execution of agreements between merchants and third-party delivery services. Description: Provides relative to the execution of agreements between merchants and third-party delivery services
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a property exchange between the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. Description: Provides relative to a property exchange between the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the governing authority of the city of Crowley to levy a hotel occupancy tax. Description: Authorizes the governing authority of the city of Crowley to levy a hotel occupancy tax
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for changes in the expenditure limit calculation (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for changes in the expenditure limit calculation (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for laws relative to statutory dedications (RE NO IMPACT See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Provides for laws relative to statutory dedications (RE NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for changes in the expenditure limit calculation (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for changes in the expenditure limit calculation (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the training requirements of certain mandatory reporters of child abuse and neglect. Description: Provides relative to the training requirements of certain mandatory reporters of child abuse and neglect
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Louisiana Folklife Commission and the Louisiana Tourism Development Commission. Description: Provides relative to the Louisiana Folklife Commission and the Louisiana Tourism Development Commission
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to technology procurement (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to technology procurement (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the uniform reporting by entities that assess, collect, or receive revenue from pre- or post-adjudication costs, fines, and fees (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requires the uniform reporting by entities that assess, collect, or receive revenue from pre- or post-adjudication costs, fines, and fees (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates an overweight permit to transport earthen materials for government funded levee projects (RE SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Creates an overweight permit to transport earthen materials for government funded levee projects (RE SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to grain buyers within the agricultural commodity dealer and warehouse law and to the Grain and Cotton Indemnity Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to grain buyers within the agricultural commodity dealer and warehouse law and to the Grain and Cotton Indemnity Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires each auditee of state government to provide the legislative auditor with electronic access to data (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Requires each auditee of state government to provide the legislative auditor with electronic access to data (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to occupational license and examination fee waiver and payment plan for qualified individuals. Description: Provides relative to occupational license and examination fee waiver and payment plan for qualified individuals
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the procedure for independent administration of successions. Description: Provides relative to the procedure for independent administration of successions
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Reduces the severance tax rate for oil over a certain period of time, clarifies the severance tax rate for oil produced from certain incapable wells, and authorizes the reduction of the severance tax rate on natural gas (RE DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Reduces the severance tax rate for oil over a certain period of time, clarifies the severance tax rate for oil produced from certain incapable wells, and authorizes the reduction of the severance tax rate on natural gas (RE DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the availability of certain criminal justice system data to certain nonprofit entities. Description: Provides relative to the availability of certain criminal justice system data to certain nonprofit entities
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to electric-assisted bicycles. Description: Provides relative to electric-assisted bicycles
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the content of the notice of intent of an agency's intended action regarding administrative rules. Description: Provides relative to the content of the notice of intent of an agency's intended action regarding administrative rules
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the notification process for ad valorem reappraisal (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the notification process for ad valorem reappraisal (EN INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: (Constitutional Amendment) Increases the income threshold for purposes of qualifying for the special assessment level (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: (Constitutional Amendment) Increases the income threshold for purposes of qualifying for the special assessment level (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to letters of incarceration. Description: Provides relative to letters of incarceration
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for coverage of healthcare services provided through telehealth or telemedicine (RE1 SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Provides for coverage of healthcare services provided through telehealth or telemedicine (RE1 SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Peer-to-Peer Car Sharing (RE1 SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to Peer-to-Peer Car Sharing (RE1 SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Dedication of unclaimed property funds and creation of Louisiana Unclaimed Property Permanent Trust Fund (RE -$20,900,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Dedication of unclaimed property funds and creation of Louisiana Unclaimed Property Permanent Trust Fund (RE -$20,900,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Sulphur Industrial Development District. Description: Provides relative to the Sulphur Industrial Development District
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides with respect to early childhood literacy (EG INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides with respect to early childhood literacy (EG INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the administration, enforcement, and adjudication of state and local taxes and for the jurisdiction of the Board of Tax Appeals (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the administration, enforcement, and adjudication of state and local taxes and for the jurisdiction of the Board of Tax Appeals (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to security for deposit of funds (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to security for deposit of funds (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to promotions within certain local police departments. Description: Provides with respect to promotions within certain local police departments
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires certain public trusts to obtain approval of a parish or municipal governing authority under certain circumstances prior to undertaking an authorized public function or purpose (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Requires certain public trusts to obtain approval of a parish or municipal governing authority under certain circumstances prior to undertaking an authorized public function or purpose (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the authorized uses of funds in the Crime Victims Reparations Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the authorized uses of funds in the Crime Victims Reparations Fund (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for Medicaid policies and procedures concerning telehealth services. Description: Provides for Medicaid policies and procedures concerning telehealth services
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the donation of equipment and personnel between two political subdivisions. Description: Provides relative to the donation of equipment and personnel between two political subdivisions
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the Louisiana Sickle Cell Commission. Description: Provides relative to the membership of the Louisiana Sickle Cell Commission
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority to incur debt or issue bonds. Description: Allows the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority to incur debt or issue bonds
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the prescriptive period for child support judgments. Description: Provides relative to the prescriptive period for child support judgments
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to partitions by private sale. Description: Provides relative to partitions by private sale
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Designates Act No. 492 of the 2014 Regular Session as "Leyna's Law". Description: Designates Act No. 492 of the 2014 Regular Session as "Leyna's Law"
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to criminal history record information for the Louisiana Department of Education. Description: Provides relative to criminal history record information for the Louisiana Department of Education
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to documentation required for certain driver's licenses. Description: Provides relative to documentation required for certain driver's licenses
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to forensic medical examinations of minors. Description: Provides relative to forensic medical examinations of minors
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the occupational licenses of military families. Description: Provides relative to the occupational licenses of military families
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to data security for persons regulated by the commissioner of insurance. Description: Provides relative to data security for persons regulated by the commissioner of insurance
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to donors or prospective donors of an organ or tissue. Description: Provides relative to donors or prospective donors of an organ or tissue
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the regulation of commercial feed and use of the Feed and Fertilizer Fund. Description: Provides for the regulation of commercial feed and use of the Feed and Fertilizer Fund
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the La. Board of Pharmacy to charge fees for permitting of pharmacy benefit managers and provides for the frequency with which the board may assess other fees (RE +$20,000 SG RV See Note). Description: Authorizes the La. Board of Pharmacy to charge fees for permitting of pharmacy benefit managers and provides for the frequency with which the board may assess other fees (RE +$20,000 SG RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the mandatory training in cybersecurity awareness for all state and local employees, officials, and contractors (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for the mandatory training in cybersecurity awareness for all state and local employees, officials, and contractors (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to security for deposits required by certain entities. Description: Provides relative to security for deposits required by certain entities
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates and provides for the Joint Legislative Committee on Technology and Cybersecurity. Description: Creates and provides for the Joint Legislative Committee on Technology and Cybersecurity
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the salary of waterworks commissioners. Description: Provides with respect to the salary of waterworks commissioners
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the supervision of parolees (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the supervision of parolees (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the East Baton Rouge Redevelopment Authority to use a trade name. Description: Authorizes the East Baton Rouge Redevelopment Authority to use a trade name
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to requirements for reporting and advertising unclaimed property (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to requirements for reporting and advertising unclaimed property (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the employment of superintendents of schools. Description: Provides relative to the employment of superintendents of schools
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reestablishes the Louisiana Toxic Mold Task Force. Description: Reestablishes the Louisiana Toxic Mold Task Force
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Department of Transportation and Development. Description: Re-creates the Department of Transportation and Development
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the criteria and amenity requirements for qualified truck stops. Description: Provides relative to the criteria and amenity requirements for qualified truck stops
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits a public postsecondary education institution from withholding certain student services for financial reasons (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Prohibits a public postsecondary education institution from withholding certain student services for financial reasons (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for Revenue Sharing Distribution for Fiscal Year 2020-2021. Description: Provides for Revenue Sharing Distribution for Fiscal Year 2020-2021
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to reserves for insurers (REF INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to reserves for insurers (REF INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to life safety and property protection and conveyance device mechanic licenses (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to life safety and property protection and conveyance device mechanic licenses (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to interagency data sharing. Description: Provides relative to interagency data sharing
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the operations of public colleges and universities (RE INCREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the operations of public colleges and universities (RE INCREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the election of State Central Committee members. Description: Provides relative to the election of State Central Committee members
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reinstates the Brownfields Cleanup Revolving Loan Fund and program (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note). Description: Reinstates the Brownfields Cleanup Revolving Loan Fund and program (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Shreveport Metropolitan Planning Commission. Description: Provides relative to the Shreveport Metropolitan Planning Commission
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the licensing and regulation of virtual currency businesses (EN +$148,869 SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for the licensing and regulation of virtual currency businesses (EN +$148,869 SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the practice of physician assistants. Description: Provides with respect to the practice of physician assistants
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to unemployment compensation requirements. Description: Provides relative to unemployment compensation requirements
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Department of Revenue (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Re-creates the Department of Revenue (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Makes appropriations for the expenses of the legislature for Fiscal Year 2020-2021. Description: Makes appropriations for the expenses of the legislature for Fiscal Year 2020-2021
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the enforcement of electronic signatures by financial institutions. Description: Provides for the enforcement of electronic signatures by financial institutions
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to court reporter fees. Description: Provides relative to court reporter fees
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Council on the Children of Incarcerated Parents and Caregivers and repeals the termination of the Children's Cabinet (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Establishes the Council on the Children of Incarcerated Parents and Caregivers and repeals the termination of the Children's Cabinet (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to access to dual enrollment (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to access to dual enrollment (EN INCREASE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the Louisiana Tax Commission to order the refund of statutory impositions declared invalid (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes the Louisiana Tax Commission to order the refund of statutory impositions declared invalid (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to horse racing (EN SEE FISC NOTE OF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to horse racing (EN SEE FISC NOTE OF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits public postsecondary education boards and institutions from disclosing certain student information. Description: Prohibits public postsecondary education boards and institutions from disclosing certain student information
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides an exception to the illegal carrying of weapons for certain persons who carry a concealed firearm during a mandatory evacuation. Description: Provides an exception to the illegal carrying of weapons for certain persons who carry a concealed firearm during a mandatory evacuation
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Makes revisions to the Louisiana Election Code. Description: Makes revisions to the Louisiana Election Code
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to special restrictions on lamps for certain vehicles. Description: Provides relative to special restrictions on lamps for certain vehicles
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expands the powers and authority of livestock brand inspectors. Description: Expands the powers and authority of livestock brand inspectors
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To change the name of the Slidell City Court. Description: To change the name of the Slidell City Court
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to payments under public contract (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to payments under public contract (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the suspension of certain time periods, limitations, and delays in declared states of disaster, emergency, or public health emergency. Description: Provides for the suspension of certain time periods, limitations, and delays in declared states of disaster, emergency, or public health emergency
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a gubernatorial declaration of an abnormal economic disruption. Description: Provides relative to a gubernatorial declaration of an abnormal economic disruption
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the "LSU National Champions" specialty license plate. Description: Creates the "LSU National Champions" specialty license plate
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to "construction aggregates". Description: Provides relative to "construction aggregates"
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a defendant's appearance at certain proceedings by audio-visual transmission. Description: Provides relative to a defendant's appearance at certain proceedings by audio-visual transmission
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the disqualification of commercial motor vehicle drivers. Description: Provides relative to the disqualification of commercial motor vehicle drivers
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the authority to regulate the manufacture, possession, or sale of firearms or ammunition during a declared emergency or disaster or public health emergency. Description: Provides relative to the authority to regulate the manufacture, possession, or sale of firearms or ammunition during a declared emergency or disaster or public health emergency
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain types of contributions and records required to be maintained relative thereto (EN +$4,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to certain types of contributions and records required to be maintained relative thereto (EN +$4,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to transportation network companies. Description: Provides relative to transportation network companies
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requires the Department of Revenue to create and manage a technology solution to centralize sales and use tax registration, filing, and remittance (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Requires the Department of Revenue to create and manage a technology solution to centralize sales and use tax registration, filing, and remittance (RE INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for delivery of medical marijuana to patients by marijuana pharmacies. Description: Provides for delivery of medical marijuana to patients by marijuana pharmacies
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes public bodies to allow members to participate and vote electronically during certain states of emergency subject to certain conditions. Description: Authorizes public bodies to allow members to participate and vote electronically during certain states of emergency subject to certain conditions
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the suspension of prescription. Description: Provides for the suspension of prescription
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for premium discounts on motor vehicle insurance when an insured consents to have data provided to third parties. Description: Provides for premium discounts on motor vehicle insurance when an insured consents to have data provided to third parties
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Adds chronic pain associated with sickle cell disease to the set of conditions qualifying a patient for treatment with medical marijuana. Description: Adds chronic pain associated with sickle cell disease to the set of conditions qualifying a patient for treatment with medical marijuana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to online auctions. Description: Provides relative to online auctions
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to nonemergency medical transportation services in Medicaid managed care. Description: Provides relative to nonemergency medical transportation services in Medicaid managed care
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to high net worth insureds (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF RV). Description: Provides relative to high net worth insureds (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF RV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the recommendation of medical marijuana for additional conditions and allows any state-licensed physician to recommend medical marijuana. Description: Authorizes the recommendation of medical marijuana for additional conditions and allows any state-licensed physician to recommend medical marijuana
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the emergency suspension of time limitations in certain civil proceedings. Description: Provides for the emergency suspension of time limitations in certain civil proceedings
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Revises the Addictive Disorders Practice Act. Description: Revises the Addictive Disorders Practice Act
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the limitations of liability due to the COVID-19 public health emergency. Description: Provides relative to the limitations of liability due to the COVID-19 public health emergency
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to funeral directors and embalmers. Description: Provides relative to funeral directors and embalmers
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the insurance fraud investigation unit within the Department of Public Safety and Corrections. Description: Provides relative to the insurance fraud investigation unit within the Department of Public Safety and Corrections
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the sale of an office building owned by Nicholls State University in Terrebonne Parish. Description: Authorizes the sale of an office building owned by Nicholls State University in Terrebonne Parish
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes local hospital assessments in certain parishes to fund the nonfederal share of Medicaid costs of health care provided in those parishes (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes local hospital assessments in certain parishes to fund the nonfederal share of Medicaid costs of health care provided in those parishes (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to waiver of certain dental licensing requirements during a declared state of emergency. Description: Provides relative to waiver of certain dental licensing requirements during a declared state of emergency
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to nonemergency, non-ambulance medical transportation services delivered through the Medicaid managed care program (RE +$154,188 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to nonemergency, non-ambulance medical transportation services delivered through the Medicaid managed care program (RE +$154,188 GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the assessment, collection, and distribution of certain court costs and fees in the parish of Orleans (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to the assessment, collection, and distribution of certain court costs and fees in the parish of Orleans (EN NO IMPACT LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To provide for the regulation of industrial hemp, industrial hemp products, and industrial hemp-derived cannabidiol (CBD) products (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: To provide for the regulation of industrial hemp, industrial hemp products, and industrial hemp-derived cannabidiol (CBD) products (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Calcasieu Ship Channel public-private partnership. Description: Provides relative to the Calcasieu Ship Channel public-private partnership
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that Act No. 833 of the 2014 Regular Session, which provides for alternative pathways for grade level promotion and graduation of certain special education students, shall be known and may be cited as the "April Dunn Act". Description: Provides that Act No. 833 of the 2014 Regular Session, which provides for alternative pathways for grade level promotion and graduation of certain special education students, shall be known and may be cited as the "April Dunn Act"
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the collection of hotel occupancy taxes levied by the Beauregard Tourist Commission (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX). Description: Provides relative to the collection of hotel occupancy taxes levied by the Beauregard Tourist Commission (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to the continuity of the legislature in times of emergency or disaster. Description: Provides relative to the continuity of the legislature in times of emergency or disaster
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to requirements for permitting a solid waste incineration facility. Description: Provides relative to requirements for permitting a solid waste incineration facility
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to qualifications for Taylor Opportunity Program for Students scholarships. Description: Provides relative to qualifications for Taylor Opportunity Program for Students scholarships
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Revises the definition of dyslexia for purposes of testing and providing services to students (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note). Description: Revises the definition of dyslexia for purposes of testing and providing services to students (EN NO IMPACT GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds Morgan City and Berwick housing authorities to system membership. (2/3 - CA10s29(F)) (6/30/20) (EN INCREASE APV). Description: Adds Morgan City and Berwick housing authorities to system membership. (2/3 - CA10s29(F)) (6/30/20) (EN INCREASE APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the board to deduct certain monthly insurance premiums from benefits payable to members or other beneficiaries. (6/30/20) (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Authorizes the board to deduct certain monthly insurance premiums from benefits payable to members or other beneficiaries. (6/30/20) (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Clarifies terminology. (6/30/20) (EN NO IMPACT APV). Description: Clarifies terminology. (6/30/20) (EN NO IMPACT APV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits insurance rate determinations based on risk classifications due to the fact that the insured is deployed in the military in excess of six months. (8/1/20). Description: Prohibits insurance rate determinations based on risk classifications due to the fact that the insured is deployed in the military in excess of six months. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to board appointments and powers and duties of the Harbor Center District. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to board appointments and powers and duties of the Harbor Center District. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the penalty for second degree rape. (8/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the penalty for second degree rape. (8/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the income tax checkoff donation for Dreams Come True, Inc. (8/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Re-creates the income tax checkoff donation for Dreams Come True, Inc. (8/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the acceptance of a notice of candidacy. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides for the acceptance of a notice of candidacy. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that domicile of the Department of State is in East Baton Rouge Parish. (gov sig). Description: Provides that domicile of the Department of State is in East Baton Rouge Parish. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits use of a handheld wireless telecommunications device by a person when operating a motor vehicle upon any public roadway in this state. (8/1/20) (REF INCREASE LF EX See Note). Description: Prohibits use of a handheld wireless telecommunications device by a person when operating a motor vehicle upon any public roadway in this state. (8/1/20) (REF INCREASE LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for therapeutic group homes licensed by the Louisiana Department of Health. (gov sig). Description: Provides for therapeutic group homes licensed by the Louisiana Department of Health. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to articles of incorporation and qualifications of registered agents of certain corporations. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to articles of incorporation and qualifications of registered agents of certain corporations. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Removes requirement for telephone numbers in an application for registration of certain contract providers filed with the secretary of state. (gov sig). Description: Removes requirement for telephone numbers in an application for registration of certain contract providers filed with the secretary of state. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates an exemption for members of the armed services to avoid a penalty for lapse of automobile coverage. (8/1/20). Description: Creates an exemption for members of the armed services to avoid a penalty for lapse of automobile coverage. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the Louisiana Automotive Insurance Plan. (1/1/21). Description: Provides for the Louisiana Automotive Insurance Plan. (1/1/21)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for collection of certain fees by the commissioner of insurance from property and casualty insurers. (7/1/20) (EG SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note). Description: Provides for collection of certain fees by the commissioner of insurance from property and casualty insurers. (7/1/20) (EG SEE FISC NOTE SG RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to addresses to where absentee by mail ballots are sent. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to addresses to where absentee by mail ballots are sent. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to disbursement of funds from START savings accounts. (8/1/20) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to disbursement of funds from START savings accounts. (8/1/20) (EN DECREASE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Louisiana Cybersecurity Talent Initiative Fund for the purpose of funding degree and certificate programs in cybersecurity fields and creates the Cybersecurity Education Management Council to advise relative to the fund. (8/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note). Description: Creates the Louisiana Cybersecurity Talent Initiative Fund for the purpose of funding degree and certificate programs in cybersecurity fields and creates the Cybersecurity Education Management Council to advise relative to the fund. (8/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts interior blueprints and floor plans of public school buildings and facilities from the definition of "public records". (gov sig). Description: Exempts interior blueprints and floor plans of public school buildings and facilities from the definition of "public records". (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to legislative approval of Education Excellence Fund expenditure plans. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to legislative approval of Education Excellence Fund expenditure plans. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits OMV authorized third party vendors from requiring only cash for transactions and authorizes a convenience fee for credit and debit card transactions. (7/1/20). Description: Prohibits OMV authorized third party vendors from requiring only cash for transactions and authorizes a convenience fee for credit and debit card transactions. (7/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for board membership and authority of certain state museums.. Description: Provides for board membership and authority of certain state museums.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the expansion of the Louisiana Public Livestock Market Charter Law. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the expansion of the Louisiana Public Livestock Market Charter Law. (gov sig) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to servitudes of drainage. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to servitudes of drainage. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that the contributions to the state retirement systems for the unfunded accrued liability shall be contained in the executive budget and as an exhibit to the general appropriation bill. (7/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides that the contributions to the state retirement systems for the unfunded accrued liability shall be contained in the executive budget and as an exhibit to the general appropriation bill. (7/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to advertisements for legal services. (1/1/21). Description: Provides relative to advertisements for legal services. (1/1/21)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Re-creates the Department of Natural Resources. (6/30/20). Description: Re-creates the Department of Natural Resources. (6/30/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to "contract limit" in the public works law. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to "contract limit" in the public works law. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires that three members of the Louisiana State Racing Commission be affiliated with the horse racing industry. (8/1/20). Description: Requires that three members of the Louisiana State Racing Commission be affiliated with the horse racing industry. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to notice and appeal rights for over-age dependent coverage by any health plan offered under the purview of the Office of Group Benefits and designated as "Arielle's Law". (8/1/20) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to notice and appeal rights for over-age dependent coverage by any health plan offered under the purview of the Office of Group Benefits and designated as "Arielle's Law". (8/1/20) (EN INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a proposition election to determine whether sports wagering activities and operations will be permitted in a parish. (See Act). Description: Provides for a proposition election to determine whether sports wagering activities and operations will be permitted in a parish. (See Act)
In 2020, Louisiana enrolled a bill titled: Provides for reporting to and approval of all state contracts valued at twenty-five million dollars or more annually by the Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for reporting to and approval of all state contracts valued at twenty-five million dollars or more annually by the Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the coroner to issue a permit for cremation after completion of coroner's investigation of death when under suspicious circumstances or the reasonable probability of the commission of a crime. (8/1/20). Description: Authorizes the coroner to issue a permit for cremation after completion of coroner's investigation of death when under suspicious circumstances or the reasonable probability of the commission of a crime. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for sales and use tax collection by marketplace facilitators. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for sales and use tax collection by marketplace facilitators. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires certain offices to report cyber incidents to secretary of state. (8/1/20). Description: Requires certain offices to report cyber incidents to secretary of state. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fees charged by the clerk of court for the Twenty-sixth Judicial District Court. (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (8/1/20) (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to fees charged by the clerk of court for the Twenty-sixth Judicial District Court. (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (8/1/20) (EN INCREASE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the release of a body for disposition by a coroner.. Description: Provides for the release of a body for disposition by a coroner.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to continuing tutorship. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to continuing tutorship. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for payment of supplemental compensation from nonpublic sources for certain personnel at the Jimmy D. Long, Sr. Louisiana School for Math, Science, and the Arts. (8/1/20). Description: Provides for payment of supplemental compensation from nonpublic sources for certain personnel at the Jimmy D. Long, Sr. Louisiana School for Math, Science, and the Arts. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Prohibits insurance contracts from depriving courts of this state or venue of action against insurer. (8/1/20). Description: Prohibits insurance contracts from depriving courts of this state or venue of action against insurer. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to audit requirements for recipients of state funds. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to audit requirements for recipients of state funds. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides an exemption for certain contractors to the licensure requirements of the Horticulture Commission. (gov sig). Description: Provides an exemption for certain contractors to the licensure requirements of the Horticulture Commission. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to local sales and use tax adjudication. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Provides relative to local sales and use tax adjudication. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for forecasting of the Medicaid program. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for forecasting of the Medicaid program. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires a notice to be posted upon the withdrawal or disqualification of a candidate's name that remains on the ballot. (8/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Requires a notice to be posted upon the withdrawal or disqualification of a candidate's name that remains on the ballot. (8/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides technical changes in references to federal law regarding health insurance. (8/1/20). Description: Provides technical changes in references to federal law regarding health insurance. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the delivery of alcoholic beverages.. Description: Provides relative to the delivery of alcoholic beverages.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides qualifications and licensing requirements for title insurance producers. (1/1/21). Description: Provides qualifications and licensing requirements for title insurance producers. (1/1/21)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes clerks of court to have law enforcement officers at polling places on election day to enforce law and authorizes law enforcement officers to enter voting location in an emergency. (gov sig). Description: Authorizes clerks of court to have law enforcement officers at polling places on election day to enforce law and authorizes law enforcement officers to enter voting location in an emergency. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Municipal and Traffic Court of New Orleans. (gov sig) (EN -$32,500 LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Municipal and Traffic Court of New Orleans. (gov sig) (EN -$32,500 LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Designates the crime of possession of a firearm by a felon as a "crime of violence". (gov sig) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Designates the crime of possession of a firearm by a felon as a "crime of violence". (gov sig) (RE SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates special funds for the deposit of certain federal monies in the state treasury. (gov sig) (EN +$811,178,704 SD EX See Note). Description: Creates special funds for the deposit of certain federal monies in the state treasury. (gov sig) (EN +$811,178,704 SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to confidentiality of certain information contained in contracts with the Department of Economic Development. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to confidentiality of certain information contained in contracts with the Department of Economic Development. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the month of September as Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. (8/1/20). Description: Designates the month of September as Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for health insurance coverage of cancer treatments.. Description: Provides for health insurance coverage of cancer treatments.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Defines "final determination" for purposes of reporting federal income tax adjustments. (1/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note). Description: Defines "final determination" for purposes of reporting federal income tax adjustments. (1/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires the office of state examiner to develop online testing for entrance firefighter and entrance police officer applicants. (8/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Requires the office of state examiner to develop online testing for entrance firefighter and entrance police officer applicants. (8/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the membership of the Louisiana Agricultural Commodities Commission. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the membership of the Louisiana Agricultural Commodities Commission. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires that completion of qualifying forms for elected office include submission of valid identification. (1/15/21). Description: Requires that completion of qualifying forms for elected office include submission of valid identification. (1/15/21)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to evidence from criminalistics laboratories in Certificates of Analysis in juvenile court proceedings of a noncriminal nature. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to evidence from criminalistics laboratories in Certificates of Analysis in juvenile court proceedings of a noncriminal nature. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides with respect to the Louisiana Health Plan. (gov sig) (RE SEE FISC NOTE OF RV See Note). Description: Provides with respect to the Louisiana Health Plan. (gov sig) (RE SEE FISC NOTE OF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for repayment of personal contributions or loans. (8/1/20). Description: Provides for repayment of personal contributions or loans. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for legislative determination of priorities in the final construction program. (gov sig). Description: Provides for legislative determination of priorities in the final construction program. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for driver education to include instruction relative to accessible parking and access aisles. (1/1/21). Description: Provides for driver education to include instruction relative to accessible parking and access aisles. (1/1/21)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for expansion of working conditions afforded to fire service employees employed by nonprofit corporations under contract with a fire protection district, municipality, or other political subdivision. (gov sig). Description: Provides for expansion of working conditions afforded to fire service employees employed by nonprofit corporations under contract with a fire protection district, municipality, or other political subdivision. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to abandonment of safety deposit boxes. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to abandonment of safety deposit boxes. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Increases the daily compensation paid to jurors in civil cases. (1/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Increases the daily compensation paid to jurors in civil cases. (1/1/21) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Health Care Consumer Billing and Disclosure Protection Act. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to the Health Care Consumer Billing and Disclosure Protection Act. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment to establish an ad valorem tax exemption for property subject to a cooperative endeavor agreement requiring the property owner to make payments in lieu of taxes. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Constitutional amendment to establish an ad valorem tax exemption for property subject to a cooperative endeavor agreement requiring the property owner to make payments in lieu of taxes. (2/3 - CA13s1(A)) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for registration with secretary of state by managed service providers servicing public bodies. (See Act) (EN +$48,000 GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for registration with secretary of state by managed service providers servicing public bodies. (See Act) (EN +$48,000 GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to local sales tax administration. (1/1/21) (RE NO IMPACT LF RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to local sales tax administration. (1/1/21) (RE NO IMPACT LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Charitable Raffles, Bingo, and Keno Licensing Law.. Description: Provides relative to the Charitable Raffles, Bingo, and Keno Licensing Law.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Dedicated Fund Review Subcommittee of the Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the Dedicated Fund Review Subcommittee of the Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget. (7/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to environmental education and litter reduction section of the State Department of Education. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to environmental education and litter reduction section of the State Department of Education. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to exemptions related to the New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to exemptions related to the New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for TOPS-Tech award eligibility for certain military veterans. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides for TOPS-Tech award eligibility for certain military veterans. (gov sig) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to tests for suspected drunken drivers. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to tests for suspected drunken drivers. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the funding of the operations of the Department of Revenue. (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (See Act) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for the funding of the operations of the Department of Revenue. (2/3 - CA7s2.1(A)) (See Act) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the regulation of battery-charged fences by parishes and municipalities. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to the regulation of battery-charged fences by parishes and municipalities. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to noncompete agreements. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to noncompete agreements. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Allows each recognized political party to determine the composition of its state central committee. (gov sig). Description: Allows each recognized political party to determine the composition of its state central committee. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that the court may order a clinical assessment for a person who has two or more DWI convictions. (8/1/20). Description: Provides that the court may order a clinical assessment for a person who has two or more DWI convictions. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for carbon sequestration. (8/1/20). Description: Provides for carbon sequestration. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to a card indicating licensing and certification of an offender prior to his release. (8/1/20) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to a card indicating licensing and certification of an offender prior to his release. (8/1/20) (EN INCREASE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires that information be provided to students about high-demand, high-wage jobs during the development and revision of their individual graduation plans. (gov sig). Description: Requires that information be provided to students about high-demand, high-wage jobs during the development and revision of their individual graduation plans. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to unfair or deceptive methods, acts, and practices in the business of personal and commercial lines of insurance. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to unfair or deceptive methods, acts, and practices in the business of personal and commercial lines of insurance. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for a proposition election to determine whether sports wagering activities and operations will be permitted in a parish. (6/10/20) (EG SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Provides for a proposition election to determine whether sports wagering activities and operations will be permitted in a parish. (6/10/20) (EG SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the recordation of birth certificates of children born to armed forces members. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to the recordation of birth certificates of children born to armed forces members. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the forfeiture of certain personal property following conviction of certain sex offenses. (8/1/20). Description: Provides for the forfeiture of certain personal property following conviction of certain sex offenses. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the crime of unlawful posting of criminal activity for notoriety and publicity. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to the crime of unlawful posting of criminal activity for notoriety and publicity. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Advisory Commission for Louisiana's Energy, Environment, and Restoration. (gov sig). Description: Establishes the Advisory Commission for Louisiana's Energy, Environment, and Restoration. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Sewerage and Water Board of New Orleans. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to Sewerage and Water Board of New Orleans. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana enrolled a bill titled: Provides relative to false, misleading, or deceptive acts or practices and the award of certain costs and fees to the attorney general. (8/1/20) (RE NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to false, misleading, or deceptive acts or practices and the award of certain costs and fees to the attorney general. (8/1/20) (RE NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes and provides for cooperative endeavor agreements between local governmental subdivisions and other entities that may require payments in lieu of ad valorem taxes. (See Act) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Authorizes and provides for cooperative endeavor agreements between local governmental subdivisions and other entities that may require payments in lieu of ad valorem taxes. (See Act) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to counting absentee and early voting ballots.. Description: Provides relative to counting absentee and early voting ballots.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for qualifications of volunteers to cyber response and recovery support efforts with the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness. (8/1/20). Description: Provides for qualifications of volunteers to cyber response and recovery support efforts with the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana enrolled a bill titled: Provides for rural access to broadband high-speed internet service. (gov sig). Description: Provides for rural access to broadband high-speed internet service. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the post-conviction veterans mentor program. (8/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the post-conviction veterans mentor program. (8/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the boundaries and board membership of the Baton Rouge North Economic Development District. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the boundaries and board membership of the Baton Rouge North Economic Development District. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the Bethany Convention Center Development District. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the Bethany Convention Center Development District. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the authority of the Insurance Committee of the Assessors' Insurance Fund to contract for group insurance. (8/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to the authority of the Insurance Committee of the Assessors' Insurance Fund to contract for group insurance. (8/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to fiscal administrators of political subdivisions. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to fiscal administrators of political subdivisions. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the New Orleans Public Belt Railroad. (See Act). Description: Provides relative to the New Orleans Public Belt Railroad. (See Act)
In 2020, Louisiana enrolled a bill titled: Enacts the Omnibus Premium Reduction Act of 2020. (1/1/21) (RE1 SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note). Description: Enacts the Omnibus Premium Reduction Act of 2020. (1/1/21) (RE1 SEE FISC NOTE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for additional rights and powers of certain port commissions regarding economic and industrial growth. (gov sig). Description: Provides for additional rights and powers of certain port commissions regarding economic and industrial growth. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the reinspection of voting machines and recounting of absentee by mail and early voting ballots. (gov sig). Description: Provides for the reinspection of voting machines and recounting of absentee by mail and early voting ballots. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the city of St. George Transition District. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV). Description: Provides for the city of St. George Transition District. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes the city of Central to expropriate property by declaration for the purpose of maintaining and improving drainage. (gov sig). Description: Authorizes the city of Central to expropriate property by declaration for the purpose of maintaining and improving drainage. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requires health insurance coverage for COVID-19 (Coronavirus) diagnostic testing. (gov sig) (REF INCREASE SG EX See Note). Description: Requires health insurance coverage for COVID-19 (Coronavirus) diagnostic testing. (gov sig) (REF INCREASE SG EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides that a mandatory reporter of child abuse has cause to suspect abuse if a child under the age of thirteen is pregnant. (gov sig). Description: Provides that a mandatory reporter of child abuse has cause to suspect abuse if a child under the age of thirteen is pregnant. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to certain immunity from civil liability during state of emergencies. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to certain immunity from civil liability during state of emergencies. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to postsecondary education management board sick leave policies. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to postsecondary education management board sick leave policies. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Limits liability of a nonprofit organization or employee for the disclosure of certain information. (8/1/20). Description: Limits liability of a nonprofit organization or employee for the disclosure of certain information. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for enforcement of the Coastal Zone Management Program. (8/1/20). Description: Provides for enforcement of the Coastal Zone Management Program. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for meetings of the Calcasieu-Cameron Navigation District Board of Commissioners. (gov sig). Description: Provides for meetings of the Calcasieu-Cameron Navigation District Board of Commissioners. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to powers and duties of the commissioner of conservation. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to powers and duties of the commissioner of conservation. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Exempts from seizure payments received under governmental entities as a result of an outstanding emergency event. (gov sig). Description: Exempts from seizure payments received under governmental entities as a result of an outstanding emergency event. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for the amount of gross revenue the Lottery Corporation is to annually transfer to the state treasury. (See Act) (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for the amount of gross revenue the Lottery Corporation is to annually transfer to the state treasury. (See Act) (EN INCREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the limitation on size of containers of beverages of high alcoholic content. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to the limitation on size of containers of beverages of high alcoholic content. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Vernon Parish Economic Development District. (gov sig). Description: Establishes the Vernon Parish Economic Development District. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to deferral of certain unemployment insurance benefit charges and employer contributions. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE SD RV See Note). Description: Provides relative to deferral of certain unemployment insurance benefit charges and employer contributions. (gov sig) (EN DECREASE SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for holding meetings electronically during certain emergencies or disasters. (gov sig) (RE1 SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Provides for holding meetings electronically during certain emergencies or disasters. (gov sig) (RE1 SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to warranty agreements and claims involving the transfer recreational vehicles. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to warranty agreements and claims involving the transfer recreational vehicles. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the execution of electronic notarial acts. (8/1/20). Description: Provides for the execution of electronic notarial acts. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to third-party sellers on the online marketplace. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to third-party sellers on the online marketplace. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to business interruption insurance. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to business interruption insurance. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to students impacted due to the COVID-19 public health emergency. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to students impacted due to the COVID-19 public health emergency. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the capital outlay application process. (8/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Provides relative to the capital outlay application process. (8/1/20) (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides relative to limitation of liability of governmental entities which require its employees to work during a declared state of emergency. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to limitation of liability of governmental entities which require its employees to work during a declared state of emergency. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Limits liability of persons who provide relief or recovery equipment or services during a declared state emergency. (gov sig). Description: Limits liability of persons who provide relief or recovery equipment or services during a declared state emergency. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Preempts local regulation of the use of natural gas utility service. (8/1/20). Description: Preempts local regulation of the use of natural gas utility service. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to coverage for mastectomies and reconstructive surgery. (8/1/20). Description: Provides relative to coverage for mastectomies and reconstructive surgery. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for tax filing and payment extensions. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note). Description: Provides for tax filing and payment extensions. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to actions of Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget relative to the forty-five day close period. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note). Description: Provides relative to actions of Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget relative to the forty-five day close period. (gov sig) (EN SEE FISC NOTE GF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for a temporary restraining order upon application by a peace officer under certain circumstances. (8/1/20). Description: Provides for a temporary restraining order upon application by a peace officer under certain circumstances. (8/1/20)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes property insurance policies insuring commercial and residential buildings to cover cost of disinfecting fumigation. (gov sig). Description: Authorizes property insurance policies insuring commercial and residential buildings to cover cost of disinfecting fumigation. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Limits liability for restaurants that provide food-to-go during the COVID-19 public health emergency. (gov sig). Description: Limits liability for restaurants that provide food-to-go during the COVID-19 public health emergency. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides for continuation of the weekly death benefit for the surviving spouse of a law enforcement officer killed in the line of duty upon remarriage. (8/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX). Description: Provides for continuation of the weekly death benefit for the surviving spouse of a law enforcement officer killed in the line of duty upon remarriage. (8/1/20) (EN SEE FISC NOTE SG EX)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to the St. Tammany Parish Hospital Service District No. 2. (gov sig). Description: Provides relative to the St. Tammany Parish Hospital Service District No. 2. (gov sig)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Woody's Home for Veterans. Description: Commends Woody's Home for Veterans
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Adolf Wesselhoeft for his service to the United States. Description: Commends Adolf Wesselhoeft for his service to the United States
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Posthumously commends Angelle Deshautelles for her service to the Ascension Parish Library. Description: Posthumously commends Angelle Deshautelles for her service to the Ascension Parish Library
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2020 Independence Sicilian Heritage Festival on its twelfth anniversary. Description: Commends the 2020 Independence Sicilian Heritage Festival on its twelfth anniversary
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sally Katherine Pattison Bagley on her ninetieth birthday. Description: Commends Sally Katherine Pattison Bagley on her ninetieth birthday
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the passing of Rose Borne Alexander. Description: Expresses condolences on the passing of Rose Borne Alexander
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ronald R. "Ronnie" Anderson, Louisiana Farm Bureau president, on his retirement. Description: Commends Ronald R. "Ronnie" Anderson, Louisiana Farm Bureau president, on his retirement
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Ponchatoula as a Purple Heart City. Description: Recognizes Ponchatoula as a Purple Heart City
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Tangipahoa Parish Library on its seventy-fifth anniversary. Description: Commends Tangipahoa Parish Library on its seventy-fifth anniversary
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Judge Dianne Marie Mayo. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Judge Dianne Marie Mayo
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Pinkie C. Wilkerson Life Development Center and Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., for remembering former state representative Pinkie C. Wilkerson on the twentieth anniversary of her death. Description: Commends the Pinkie C. Wilkerson Life Development Center and Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., for remembering former state representative Pinkie C. Wilkerson on the twentieth anniversary of her death
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes Beau Porto Special Tuesday on its twenty-fifth anniversary and commends its founder and director, Bobbie Blanchard. Description: Recognizes Beau Porto Special Tuesday on its twenty-fifth anniversary and commends its founder and director, Bobbie Blanchard
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to House Legislative Services employees and duties of the Clerk of the House. Description: Provides relative to House Legislative Services employees and duties of the Clerk of the House
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 1, 2020, as the thirty-sixth annual Red and White Day at the legislature. Description: Recognizes April 1, 2020, as the thirty-sixth annual Red and White Day at the legislature
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes March 18, 2020, as Gideon Day in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes March 18, 2020, as Gideon Day in Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Continues the Vera Institute of Justice's study of eligibility and qualification requirements for jurors. Description: Continues the Vera Institute of Justice's study of eligibility and qualification requirements for jurors
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Freddie Williams, Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Freddie Williams, Sr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Approves the annual state integrated coastal protection plan for Fiscal Year 2021, as adopted by the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board. Description: Approves the annual state integrated coastal protection plan for Fiscal Year 2021, as adopted by the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests Attorney General Jeff Landry to ensure a swift, effective, and unified response to price gouging. Description: Urges and requests Attorney General Jeff Landry to ensure a swift, effective, and unified response to price gouging
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the state retirement systems to provide information to the legislature regarding permanent benefit increases for retirees.. Description: Requests the state retirement systems to provide information to the legislature regarding permanent benefit increases for retirees.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Basile High School wrestling team on winning the school's second consecutive state title at the 2020 Division III State Wrestling Championship. Description: Commends the Basile High School wrestling team on winning the school's second consecutive state title at the 2020 Division III State Wrestling Championship
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jessica Borland of South Grant Elementary School on being named 2020 Louisiana Elementary Teacher of the Year. Description: Commends Jessica Borland of South Grant Elementary School on being named 2020 Louisiana Elementary Teacher of the Year
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Greater Central Louisiana REALTORS Association on its seventy-fifth anniversary of protecting property ownership rights and unifying real estate professionals across Central Louisiana. Description: Commends the Greater Central Louisiana REALTORS Association on its seventy-fifth anniversary of protecting property ownership rights and unifying real estate professionals across Central Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Steven L. Schoonover. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Steven L. Schoonover
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Alvenia Clare. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Alvenia Clare
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association on their 90th anniversary. Description: Commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association on their 90th anniversary
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Carl Jones on the occasion of his retirement after a career of military and law enforcement service. Description: Commends Carl Jones on the occasion of his retirement after a career of military and law enforcement service
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of pastor and civil rights activist Reverend Doctor Harry Blake. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of pastor and civil rights activist Reverend Doctor Harry Blake
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Division of Administration, office of community development, to disburse federal funds for project applications in round one of the Watershed Projects Grant Program to aid economic recovery from COVID-19 pandemic. Description: Urges and requests the Division of Administration, office of community development, to disburse federal funds for project applications in round one of the Watershed Projects Grant Program to aid economic recovery from COVID-19 pandemic
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Anthony M. Bozeman, SSJ, pastor of St. Raymond and St. Leo the Great Parish in New Orleans, on the 20th anniversary of his ordination. Description: Commends Reverend Anthony M. Bozeman, SSJ, pastor of St. Raymond and St. Leo the Great Parish in New Orleans, on the 20th anniversary of his ordination
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 24, 2020, as Sammy J. Franklin Day. Description: Recognizes May 24, 2020, as Sammy J. Franklin Day
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To authorize and direct the Office of Group Benefits to study options for reducing state and participant premiums (EG NO IMPACT See Note). Description: To authorize and direct the Office of Group Benefits to study options for reducing state and participant premiums (EG NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the state Department of Education, Louisiana Workforce Commission, and Board of Regents jointly report on the status of data sharing agreements for the purpose of evaluating the Jump Start program. Description: Requests that the state Department of Education, Louisiana Workforce Commission, and Board of Regents jointly report on the status of data sharing agreements for the purpose of evaluating the Jump Start program
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Task Force on Municipal Fire and Police Civil Service Reform.. Description: Creates the Task Force on Municipal Fire and Police Civil Service Reform.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Invites Major League Baseball to consider locating a franchise in the New Orleans area on a temporary basis if the team is unable to play games in its home stadium due to COVID-19 restrictions. Description: Invites Major League Baseball to consider locating a franchise in the New Orleans area on a temporary basis if the team is unable to play games in its home stadium due to COVID-19 restrictions
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges the Conservative Care Program as a pilot program among healthcare providers and health insurers to address opioid misuse. Description: Urges the Conservative Care Program as a pilot program among healthcare providers and health insurers to address opioid misuse
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to study and develop a remote patient monitoring initiative in the state Medicaid program. Description: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to study and develop a remote patient monitoring initiative in the state Medicaid program
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Pleasant Hill boys' basketball team on winning the 2020 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Class C state championship. Description: Commends the Pleasant Hill boys' basketball team on winning the 2020 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Class C state championship
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 2020 as Mental Health Awareness Month. Description: Recognizes May 2020 as Mental Health Awareness Month
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Posthumously commends Janet Ravare-Colson, recognized in Louisiana as the mother of the Creole culture revitalization movement. Description: Posthumously commends Janet Ravare-Colson, recognized in Louisiana as the mother of the Creole culture revitalization movement
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the week of May 17-23, 2020, as Emergency Medical Services Week. Description: Designates the week of May 17-23, 2020, as Emergency Medical Services Week
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the governor to ensure that individual liberty and rights are protected as the state administers contact tracing. Description: Directs the governor to ensure that individual liberty and rights are protected as the state administers contact tracing
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs state agencies and licensing boards to suspend the imposition of sanctions against licensees and permittees for a violation of COVID-19 executive orders. Description: Directs state agencies and licensing boards to suspend the imposition of sanctions against licensees and permittees for a violation of COVID-19 executive orders
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes and directs the executive branch agencies that submit statutorily required reports to the House Committee on Health and Welfare to continue to submit such reports as required by law. Description: Authorizes and directs the executive branch agencies that submit statutorily required reports to the House Committee on Health and Welfare to continue to submit such reports as required by law
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to amend its administrative rule relative to the geographic location of a hospice provider. Description: Requests the Louisiana Department of Health to amend its administrative rule relative to the geographic location of a hospice provider
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of the Honorable Henry Garland Sullivan, Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of the Honorable Henry Garland Sullivan, Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations relative to divorce by authentic act. Description: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study and make recommendations relative to divorce by authentic act
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study the laws on default judgments and make recommendations for the repeal of provisions for preliminary defaults. Description: Directs the Louisiana State Law Institute to study the laws on default judgments and make recommendations for the repeal of provisions for preliminary defaults
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Board of Supervisors of Community and Technical Colleges and Board of Regents study and report relative to changes needed for community and technical colleges in response to COVID-19. Description: Requests that the Board of Supervisors of Community and Technical Colleges and Board of Regents study and report relative to changes needed for community and technical colleges in response to COVID-19
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends University of Louisiana Monroe president, Nick J. Bruno, on the occasion of his retirement. Description: Commends University of Louisiana Monroe president, Nick J. Bruno, on the occasion of his retirement
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends John Burkhardt for his exemplary leadership in criminal justice reform. Description: Commends John Burkhardt for his exemplary leadership in criminal justice reform
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Booker T. Washington girls' basketball team on winning the 2020 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Class 3A state championship. Description: Commends the Booker T. Washington girls' basketball team on winning the 2020 Louisiana High School Athletic Association Class 3A state championship
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests Louisiana Economic Development to study the impact COVID-19 has had on the Small Business Administration and the Louisiana Guaranty Program's loans and grants. Description: Requests Louisiana Economic Development to study the impact COVID-19 has had on the Small Business Administration and the Louisiana Guaranty Program's loans and grants
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 2020 as Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month in Louisiana. Description: Designates May 2020 as Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month in Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Certified Louisiana logo programs for their beneficial effects on the state's economy. Description: Commends the Certified Louisiana logo programs for their beneficial effects on the state's economy
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Bobbie Deshotel. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Dr. Bobbie Deshotel
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to study and report on the matter of racial disparities in COVID-19 death rates in this state. Description: Urges and requests the La. Department of Health to study and report on the matter of racial disparities in COVID-19 death rates in this state
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Krispy Kreme Baton Rouge on its reopening and commitment to the community. Description: Commends Krispy Kreme Baton Rouge on its reopening and commitment to the community
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the governor and the legislature to take such actions as are necessary to observe Juneteenth as a state holiday. Description: Requests the governor and the legislature to take such actions as are necessary to observe Juneteenth as a state holiday
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to study the use of solitary confinement in Louisiana. Description: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to study the use of solitary confinement in Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Judge Andrew Brutton Gallagher. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Judge Andrew Brutton Gallagher
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the 2020 Louisiana High School Athletic Association top-ranked powerlifting teams. Description: Commends the 2020 Louisiana High School Athletic Association top-ranked powerlifting teams
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Clean Slate Task Force. Description: Creates the Clean Slate Task Force
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the La. Department of Health to implement certain reforms in the nonemergency, non-ambulance medical transportation component of the Medicaid managed care program. Description: Requests the La. Department of Health to implement certain reforms in the nonemergency, non-ambulance medical transportation component of the Medicaid managed care program
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate has convened and organized and is prepared to transact business.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.. Description: Resolves that a committee be appointed to act with a similar house committee to notify the governor that the legislature has convened and organized and is prepared to receive his communications.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends The Shreveport Sun on the celebration of its one hundredth anniversary.. Description: Commends The Shreveport Sun on the celebration of its one hundredth anniversary.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the passing of Audrey Mae Caudgest Simon.. Description: Expresses condolences on the passing of Audrey Mae Caudgest Simon.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Sergeant Major Anazia M. Andrus-Sam on 31 years of active federal service in the United States Army and United States Army Reserve.. Description: Commends Sergeant Major Anazia M. Andrus-Sam on 31 years of active federal service in the United States Army and United States Army Reserve.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated, on its annual Red and White Day.. Description: Commends Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated, on its annual Red and White Day.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 7, 2020, as FFA Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association.. Description: Designates April 7, 2020, as FFA Day at the Louisiana State Capitol and commends the state officers of the Louisiana FFA Association.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the passing of Roy Edward Brown.. Description: Expresses condolences on the passing of Roy Edward Brown.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Adds two additional members to the Senate Executive Committee.. Description: Adds two additional members to the Senate Executive Committee.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends John White for his years of service as Superintendent of Education.. Description: Commends John White for his years of service as Superintendent of Education.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Clifton Russell "Clif" Richardson, former Justice of the Peace and legislator, community leader, and businessman.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Clifton Russell "Clif" Richardson, former Justice of the Peace and legislator, community leader, and businessman.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Honorable James R. "Jim" Fannin for his many years of public service.. Description: Commends the Honorable James R. "Jim" Fannin for his many years of public service.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March 26, 2020, as "Y Day in Louisiana".. Description: Designates March 26, 2020, as "Y Day in Louisiana".
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Approves the annual state integrated coastal protection plan for Fiscal Year 2021, as adopted by the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board.. Description: Approves the annual state integrated coastal protection plan for Fiscal Year 2021, as adopted by the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority Board.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the state retirement systems to provide information to the legislature regarding permanent benefit increases for retirees.. Description: Urges and requests the state retirement systems to provide information to the legislature regarding permanent benefit increases for retirees.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Chief Justice Bernette Joshua Johnson on a distinguished career as a jurist and a life of public service to Louisiana.. Description: Commends Chief Justice Bernette Joshua Johnson on a distinguished career as a jurist and a life of public service to Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Elizabeth Drennan on being named a Distinguished Finalist in Louisiana for the 2020 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program.. Description: Commends Elizabeth Drennan on being named a Distinguished Finalist in Louisiana for the 2020 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March as Brain Injury and Traumatic Brain Injury Awareness Month in Louisiana.. Description: Designates March as Brain Injury and Traumatic Brain Injury Awareness Month in Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers and recognizes May 26, 2020, as CASA Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.. Description: Commends the Louisiana Court Appointed Special Advocate (CASA) programs and volunteers and recognizes May 26, 2020, as CASA Day at the Louisiana State Capitol.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Warren "T-Notchie" Taylor for his distinguished public service as Parish Councilman for District 1 on the Iberville Parish Council.. Description: Commends Warren "T-Notchie" Taylor for his distinguished public service as Parish Councilman for District 1 on the Iberville Parish Council.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Melinda Mangham.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Melinda Mangham.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Ray P. Authement, former University of Louisiana at Lafayette president.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Ray P. Authement, former University of Louisiana at Lafayette president.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Leadership Northshore and welcomes the 2020 Class.. Description: Commends Leadership Northshore and welcomes the 2020 Class.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Larry Goins.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Larry Goins.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of James Thomas "Tommy" Poe Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of James Thomas "Tommy" Poe Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Don Scoggins.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Don Scoggins.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Joseph Michael Srofe Jr on earning the rank of Eagle Scout.. Description: Commends Joseph Michael Srofe Jr on earning the rank of Eagle Scout.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Wilmot Sandlin "Sandy" McCain.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Wilmot Sandlin "Sandy" McCain.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To urge and request the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to study the use of bowfishing in Louisiana.. Description: To urge and request the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to study the use of bowfishing in Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Captain Vincent Nat Liberto in the line of duty and posthumously recognizes his many years of dedicated service to the United States, St. Tammany Parish, and the citizens of Mandeville.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Captain Vincent Nat Liberto in the line of duty and posthumously recognizes his many years of dedicated service to the United States, St. Tammany Parish, and the citizens of Mandeville.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Zion Williamson for his generosity and support of the Smoothie King Center workers during the COVID-19 global pandemic.. Description: Commends Zion Williamson for his generosity and support of the Smoothie King Center workers during the COVID-19 global pandemic.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Mr. Sammy J. Franklin for sixty-five years in the newspaper business and the celebration of his 80th birthday this year.. Description: Commends Mr. Sammy J. Franklin for sixty-five years in the newspaper business and the celebration of his 80th birthday this year.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of G. Allen Penniman.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of G. Allen Penniman.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of William F. "Willie" Staats.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of William F. "Willie" Staats.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Senate Committee on Judiciary A to study the advisability of creating a statewide business court.. Description: Requests the Senate Committee on Judiciary A to study the advisability of creating a statewide business court.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Rashad Lawrence for an outstanding career and on being a member of the 2019 LSU national championship team.. Description: Commends Rashad Lawrence for an outstanding career and on being a member of the 2019 LSU national championship team.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Reverend Dr. Harry Blake.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Reverend Dr. Harry Blake.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the passing of Ludia "Bea" Manogin Thomas.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the passing of Ludia "Bea" Manogin Thomas.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Captain Scotty V. McCloud.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Captain Scotty V. McCloud.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates the week of May 17-23, 2020, as Emergency Medical Services Week.. Description: Designates the week of May 17-23, 2020, as Emergency Medical Services Week.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 15, 2020, as Peace Officers Memorial Day, and May 10-16, 2020 as Police Week.. Description: Recognizes May 15, 2020, as Peace Officers Memorial Day, and May 10-16, 2020 as Police Week.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Denver Loupe.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Denver Loupe.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Amends Senate rules to permit members to vote via video or other electronic means during a declared emergency.. Description: Amends Senate rules to permit members to vote via video or other electronic means during a declared emergency.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates the Coroner Safety Task Force to develop policy recommendations that seek to enhance the prevention and mitigation of harm against a coroner and behavioral health facility personnel.. Description: Creates the Coroner Safety Task Force to develop policy recommendations that seek to enhance the prevention and mitigation of harm against a coroner and behavioral health facility personnel.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Congratulates the Class of 2020 graduates of the schools in East Baton Rouge Parish.. Description: Congratulates the Class of 2020 graduates of the schools in East Baton Rouge Parish.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the executive branch agencies under jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Health and Welfare to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.. Description: Directs the executive branch agencies under jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Health and Welfare to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Reverend Anthony Bozeman upon the celebration of the twentieth anniversary of his ordination.. Description: Commends Reverend Anthony Bozeman upon the celebration of the twentieth anniversary of his ordination.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Billy Seay, PhD.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Billy Seay, PhD.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Karen Tucker.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Karen Tucker.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Charles E. Severance.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Charles E. Severance.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of James Randall Goodwin.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of James Randall Goodwin.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of former judge Henry Garland Sullivan Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of former judge Henry Garland Sullivan Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the executive branch agencies under jurisdictional oversight of the Senate and Governmental Affairs Committee to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.. Description: Directs the executive branch agencies under jurisdictional oversight of the Senate and Governmental Affairs Committee to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the executive branch agencies under jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Finance to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.. Description: Directs the executive branch agencies under jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Finance to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the executive branch agencies under the jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Retirement to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.. Description: Directs the executive branch agencies under the jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Retirement to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Eric Stracener upon his retirement from the DeRidder Fire Department.. Description: Commends Eric Stracener upon his retirement from the DeRidder Fire Department.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the executive branch agencies and entities under the jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Education to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.. Description: Directs the executive branch agencies and entities under the jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Education to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs certain executive and judicial branch agencies to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports to the Senate Committee on Judiciary A until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.. Description: Directs certain executive and judicial branch agencies to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports to the Senate Committee on Judiciary A until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Jesse Lee Wimberly IV.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Jesse Lee Wimberly IV.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of Terrebonne Parish educator and pioneer, Dr. James Edward Charles.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of Terrebonne Parish educator and pioneer, Dr. James Edward Charles.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Charles "Charlie" Norman Woods Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Charles "Charlie" Norman Woods Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates May 2020 as Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month in Louisiana.. Description: Designates May 2020 as Cystic Fibrosis Awareness Month in Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs certain executive branch agencies to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports to the Senate Committee on Judiciary B until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.. Description: Directs certain executive branch agencies to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports to the Senate Committee on Judiciary B until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends St. Mary's Lady Tigers on winning the Allstate Sugar Bowl/LHSAA Division IV state basketball championship for 2020.. Description: Commends St. Mary's Lady Tigers on winning the Allstate Sugar Bowl/LHSAA Division IV state basketball championship for 2020.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the passing of former Louisiana State Senator Ron Landry.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the passing of former Louisiana State Senator Ron Landry.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the executive branch agencies and entities under the jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Consumer Protection and International Affairs to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.. Description: Directs the executive branch agencies and entities under the jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Consumer Protection and International Affairs to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Request the governor to issue an executive order requiring certain persons to wear a face covering in public under certain conditions and authorizing businesses to deny admittance to persons without face coverings.. Description: Request the governor to issue an executive order requiring certain persons to wear a face covering in public under certain conditions and authorizing businesses to deny admittance to persons without face coverings.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To direct the executive branch agencies under the jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Transportation, Highways and Public Works to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports.. Description: To direct the executive branch agencies under the jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Transportation, Highways and Public Works to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Performance Contracting, Inc. on donating its services to the East Baton Rouge Parish-Wide Graduation Ceremony.. Description: Commends Performance Contracting, Inc. on donating its services to the East Baton Rouge Parish-Wide Graduation Ceremony.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs state agencies and entities under the jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Insurance to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.. Description: Directs state agencies and entities under the jurisdictional oversight of the Senate Committee on Insurance to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study and report on the matter of racial disparities in COVID-19 death rates in this state.. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to study and report on the matter of racial disparities in COVID-19 death rates in this state.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Coleen Temple, Noah Hawkins, Myra Richardson, and Mia Spears on organizing a peaceful protest of the killing of George Floyd and excessive police force against black men.. Description: Commends Coleen Temple, Noah Hawkins, Myra Richardson, and Mia Spears on organizing a peaceful protest of the killing of George Floyd and excessive police force against black men.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to collect data regarding the age, race, and gender of Louisiana residents who are impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or any future public health emergency.. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Department of Health to collect data regarding the age, race, and gender of Louisiana residents who are impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or any future public health emergency.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the governor that the legislature is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.. Description: Requests appointment of a committee to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Suspends certain provisions of the Code of Criminal Procedure relative to financial obligations of criminal offenders. Description: Suspends certain provisions of the Code of Criminal Procedure relative to financial obligations of criminal offenders
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recreates the Louisiana Commission on Justice System Funding. Description: Recreates the Louisiana Commission on Justice System Funding
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Amends rules relative to participation in the Industrial Tax Exemption Program (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note). Description: Amends rules relative to participation in the Industrial Tax Exemption Program (EN SEE FISC NOTE LF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for a hospital stabilization formula (EG +$113,459,367 SD RV See Note). Description: Provides for a hospital stabilization formula (EG +$113,459,367 SD RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates and provides for the Joint Medicaid Oversight Committee. Description: Creates and provides for the Joint Medicaid Oversight Committee
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to support the Social Security Fairness Act. Description: Memorializes Congress to support the Social Security Fairness Act
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes March 11, 2020, as Louisiana Association of Health Plans Day at the state capitol. Description: Recognizes March 11, 2020, as Louisiana Association of Health Plans Day at the state capitol
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends LSU on winning the 2020 College Football Playoff National Championship. Description: Commends LSU on winning the 2020 College Football Playoff National Championship
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Joe Burrow on winning the 2019 Heisman Memorial Trophy. Description: Commends Joe Burrow on winning the 2019 Heisman Memorial Trophy
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections, the Louisiana Department of Health, and the Louisiana Department of Education to study the barriers that impede successful reintegration of offenders back into society. Description: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections, the Louisiana Department of Health, and the Louisiana Department of Education to study the barriers that impede successful reintegration of offenders back into society
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March 2020 as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month in Louisiana and commends the Mary Bird Perkins -- Our Lady of the Lake Cancer Center. Description: Designates March 2020 as Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month in Louisiana and commends the Mary Bird Perkins -- Our Lady of the Lake Cancer Center
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Madame Chief Justice Bernette Joshua Johnson of the Louisiana Supreme Court on her retirement. Description: Commends Madame Chief Justice Bernette Joshua Johnson of the Louisiana Supreme Court on her retirement
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the re-basing of nursing homes (EG +$24,105,951 SD EX See Note). Description: Provides for the re-basing of nursing homes (EG +$24,105,951 SD EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the efforts of Melville Woman's Club to preserve the historic St. Nathaniel Episcopal Church in Melville, Louisiana. Description: Commends the efforts of Melville Woman's Club to preserve the historic St. Nathaniel Episcopal Church in Melville, Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes March 26, 2020, as Y Day in Louisiana. Description: Recognizes March 26, 2020, as Y Day in Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the State Bd. of Elementary and Secondary Education study the compensation schedule for school bus operators. Description: Requests that the State Bd. of Elementary and Secondary Education study the compensation schedule for school bus operators
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the suspension of all civil prescriptive, peremptive, filing, and other deadlines in response to the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency declared by the governor. Description: Provides for the suspension of all civil prescriptive, peremptive, filing, and other deadlines in response to the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency declared by the governor
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides consent for the adjournment of the 2020 Regular Session of the Legislature for a period longer than three days. Description: Provides consent for the adjournment of the 2020 Regular Session of the Legislature for a period longer than three days
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Calls for a convention to amend the United States Constitution to establish a limitation on terms for members of congress. Description: Calls for a convention to amend the United States Constitution to establish a limitation on terms for members of congress
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Clean Slate Task Force (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX). Description: Creates the Clean Slate Task Force (EG SEE FISC NOTE GF EX)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Suspends provision of law capping amount of revenue which can be spent on in-state advertising (EN NO IMPACT See Note). Description: Suspends provision of law capping amount of revenue which can be spent on in-state advertising (EN NO IMPACT See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Board of Regents, Department of Revenue, Louisiana Workforce Commission, and office of student financial assistance to collaborate to study the trajectory of Louisiana's postsecondary graduates. Description: Requests the Board of Regents, Department of Revenue, Louisiana Workforce Commission, and office of student financial assistance to collaborate to study the trajectory of Louisiana's postsecondary graduates
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the False River Watershed Council. Description: Extends the False River Watershed Council
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Jefferson Davis Parish assistant district attorney Bennett Lapoint on his retirement. Description: Commends Jefferson Davis Parish assistant district attorney Bennett Lapoint on his retirement
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of state representative Reggie Paul Bagala. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of state representative Reggie Paul Bagala
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that the Board of Regents, in consultation with the public postsecondary education management boards, study issues and compile data relative to faculty at public postsecondary education institutions. Description: Requests that the Board of Regents, in consultation with the public postsecondary education management boards, study issues and compile data relative to faculty at public postsecondary education institutions
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to study certain impacts as a result of COVID-19. Description: Requests the Department of Public Safety and Corrections to study certain impacts as a result of COVID-19
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the office of juvenile justice to study the impacts of COVID-19 on its operations. Description: Requests the office of juvenile justice to study the impacts of COVID-19 on its operations
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the House and Senate governmental affairs committees to meet and function as a joint committee to review the process of rulemaking by state agencies and the Louisiana Administrative Code and make recommendations relative thereto. Description: Requests the House and Senate governmental affairs committees to meet and function as a joint committee to review the process of rulemaking by state agencies and the Louisiana Administrative Code and make recommendations relative thereto
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates June 2020 as Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month and June 27, 2020, as Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day in Louisiana. Description: Designates June 2020 as Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Month and June 27, 2020, as Post-traumatic Stress Injury Awareness Day in Louisiana
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Department of Insurance to study and report on the status of health insurance benefits relative to postpartum diastasis recti, pelvic floor dysfunction, and breast reduction. Description: Requests the Department of Insurance to study and report on the status of health insurance benefits relative to postpartum diastasis recti, pelvic floor dysfunction, and breast reduction
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a report on actions by the La. Dept. of Health and Medicaid managed care organizations to comply with federal rules on interoperability of health records and patient access to health information. Description: Requests a report on actions by the La. Dept. of Health and Medicaid managed care organizations to comply with federal rules on interoperability of health records and patient access to health information
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study concerning a voluntary registry of persons with autism and other developmental disabilities for use by law enforcement professionals. Description: Requests a study concerning a voluntary registry of persons with autism and other developmental disabilities for use by law enforcement professionals
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Jennings High School football team for an outstanding 2019 season. Description: Commends the Jennings High School football team for an outstanding 2019 season
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the study of homicide offenses in Louisiana with respect to the offender's prior criminal history. Description: Requests the study of homicide offenses in Louisiana with respect to the offender's prior criminal history
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the La. Department of Health to issue regular reports of data on Medicaid enrollees with private insurance or offers of employer-sponsored health coverage. Description: Requests the La. Department of Health to issue regular reports of data on Medicaid enrollees with private insurance or offers of employer-sponsored health coverage
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to appropriate additional money for increased seafood testing. Description: Memorializes Congress to appropriate additional money for increased seafood testing
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to review the restrictions on possession of exotic and invasive species. Description: Urges and requests the Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to review the restrictions on possession of exotic and invasive species
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Continues the Comite River Diversion Canal Project Task Force. Description: Continues the Comite River Diversion Canal Project Task Force
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the division of administration, office of community development, to consider funding the Darlington Reservoir. Description: Urges and requests the division of administration, office of community development, to consider funding the Darlington Reservoir
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To express support for the annual Gulf Hypoxia Mapping Cruise conducted by the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium and to memorialize congress to provide continued funding. Description: To express support for the annual Gulf Hypoxia Mapping Cruise conducted by the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium and to memorialize congress to provide continued funding
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Suspends the lower tier of the corporation franchise tax levied on domestic and foreign corporations and the initial tax levied on certain business entities subject to the corporate franchise tax (EN -$5,800,000 GF RV See Note). Description: Suspends the lower tier of the corporation franchise tax levied on domestic and foreign corporations and the initial tax levied on certain business entities subject to the corporate franchise tax (EN -$5,800,000 GF RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Creates a task force to study how to best capitalize on Louisiana's international trade potential. Description: Creates a task force to study how to best capitalize on Louisiana's international trade potential
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Authorizes and directs suspension of licensing fees imposed on businesses by state agencies and licensing boards (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note). Description: Authorizes and directs suspension of licensing fees imposed on businesses by state agencies and licensing boards (EN DECREASE SG RV See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests an update from the Louisiana Department of Health and the division of administration on efforts to establish an application or system to track the incidence and spread of COVID-19. Description: Requests an update from the Louisiana Department of Health and the division of administration on efforts to establish an application or system to track the incidence and spread of COVID-19
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that CARES Act funding be made available to the state for testing and be distributed to healthcare systems (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX See Note). Description: Requests that CARES Act funding be made available to the state for testing and be distributed to healthcare systems (EN SEE FISC NOTE FF EX See Note)
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of William A. Oliver.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of William A. Oliver.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Workforce Investment Council and Occupational Forecasting Conference to immediately work with private sector experts to assess short-term and long-term workforce implications and opportunities resulting from COVID-19. Description: Requests the Workforce Investment Council and Occupational Forecasting Conference to immediately work with private sector experts to assess short-term and long-term workforce implications and opportunities resulting from COVID-19
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests that any proclamation convening an extraordinary session of the legislature in 2020 include changes to the carryback provisions of the corporate income tax deduction for net operating losses. Description: Urges and requests that any proclamation convening an extraordinary session of the legislature in 2020 include changes to the carryback provisions of the corporate income tax deduction for net operating losses
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests removal of public and private sector barriers to accelerate the expansion of broadband in the state. Description: Urges and requests removal of public and private sector barriers to accelerate the expansion of broadband in the state
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Provides relative to Louisiana broadband maps to identify access and activation gaps. Description: Provides relative to Louisiana broadband maps to identify access and activation gaps
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests that any proclamation convening an extraordinary session of the legislature in 2020 include changes to eligibility requirements to participate in the Enterprise Zone incentive. Description: Urges and requests that any proclamation convening an extraordinary session of the legislature in 2020 include changes to eligibility requirements to participate in the Enterprise Zone incentive
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Workforce Commission to provide clear, consistent, and easily accessible explanations of unemployment benefits and potential ramifications. Description: Requests the Louisiana Workforce Commission to provide clear, consistent, and easily accessible explanations of unemployment benefits and potential ramifications
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes a task force to study and make recommendations relative to the cannabis industry projected workforce demands. Description: Establishes a task force to study and make recommendations relative to the cannabis industry projected workforce demands
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Hathaway High School girls' basketball team on an outstanding 2020 season. Description: Commends the Hathaway High School girls' basketball team on an outstanding 2020 season
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Requests a study of the costs and benefits of setting Medicaid reimbursement rates for primary care services equivalent to Medicare rates for those services. Description: Requests a study of the costs and benefits of setting Medicaid reimbursement rates for primary care services equivalent to Medicare rates for those services
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Urges and requests that any proclamation convening an extraordinary session of the legislature in 2020 include an extension of effectiveness and changes to eligibility requirements of the rehabilitation of historic structures tax credit. Description: Urges and requests that any proclamation convening an extraordinary session of the legislature in 2020 include an extension of effectiveness and changes to eligibility requirements of the rehabilitation of historic structures tax credit
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a study of the adequacy of health services provided to persons incarcerated in state correctional facilities. Description: Requests a study of the adequacy of health services provided to persons incarcerated in state correctional facilities
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Urges and requests the Louisiana Community and Technical College System to pilot a regional approach for the delivery of commercial driver's license training and certification. Description: Urges and requests the Louisiana Community and Technical College System to pilot a regional approach for the delivery of commercial driver's license training and certification
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the governor to ensure that individual liberty and rights are protected as the state administers contact tracing. Description: Requests the governor to ensure that individual liberty and rights are protected as the state administers contact tracing
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Provides for monies in the Budget Stabilization Fund to be available for appropriation in Fiscal Year 2020-2021. Description: Provides for monies in the Budget Stabilization Fund to be available for appropriation in Fiscal Year 2020-2021
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana Tumor Registry for its contributions to the fight against cancer. Description: Commends the Louisiana Tumor Registry for its contributions to the fight against cancer
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the Lake Providence Watershed Council. Description: Extends the Lake Providence Watershed Council
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests La. Economic Development to provide certain information relative to loans and grants distributed utilizing federal and state funding in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Description: Requests La. Economic Development to provide certain information relative to loans and grants distributed utilizing federal and state funding in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
In 2020, Louisiana engrossed a bill titled: Request the La. Department of Health to implement certain reforms in the nonemergency, non-ambulance medical transportation component of the Medicaid managed care program. Description: Request the La. Department of Health to implement certain reforms in the nonemergency, non-ambulance medical transportation component of the Medicaid managed care program
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Pontchartrain Conservancy, formerly known as the Lake Pontchartrain Basin Foundation, on thirty years of working towards environmental sustainability and stewardship of the Lake Pontchartrain Basin through scientific research, education, and advocacy. Description: Commends the Pontchartrain Conservancy, formerly known as the Lake Pontchartrain Basin Foundation, on thirty years of working towards environmental sustainability and stewardship of the Lake Pontchartrain Basin through scientific research, education, and advocacy
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Monday, March 9, 2020, at 1:00 p.m.. Description: Invites the governor to address a joint session of the legislature on Monday, March 9, 2020, at 1:00 p.m.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the passing of Shreveport philanthropist and art advocate, Ollie Delton Harrison Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the passing of Shreveport philanthropist and art advocate, Ollie Delton Harrison Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Isaac "Ike" Muslow of Shreveport.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Isaac "Ike" Muslow of Shreveport.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of former legislator, community leader, and Shreveport businessman, Don Williamson.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of former legislator, community leader, and Shreveport businessman, Don Williamson.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends The Shreveport Sun on the occasion of its one hundredth anniversary.. Description: Commends The Shreveport Sun on the occasion of its one hundredth anniversary.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To urge and request certain officials and local governments to dismiss coastal lawsuits.. Description: To urge and request certain officials and local governments to dismiss coastal lawsuits.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates March 2020 as Colorectal Cancer Awareness month in Louisiana and commends Mary Bird Perkins - Our Lady of the Lake Cancer Center on the achievement of attaining the designation of National Accreditation Program for Rectal Cancer.. Description: Designates March 2020 as Colorectal Cancer Awareness month in Louisiana and commends Mary Bird Perkins - Our Lady of the Lake Cancer Center on the achievement of attaining the designation of National Accreditation Program for Rectal Cancer.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes and provides for the Louisiana Cyber Investigators Alliance.. Description: Establishes and provides for the Louisiana Cyber Investigators Alliance.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends and congratulates Airline High School senior Bhavani Tivakaran upon being selected as the 2019 Governor of Louisiana Girls State and to recognize her extraordinary accomplishments.. Description: Commends and congratulates Airline High School senior Bhavani Tivakaran upon being selected as the 2019 Governor of Louisiana Girls State and to recognize her extraordinary accomplishments.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Meagan Crews upon winning the title of Miss Louisiana 2019.. Description: Commends Meagan Crews upon winning the title of Miss Louisiana 2019.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family, friends, and fellowship of postal workers of Antonio Deshon Williams.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family, friends, and fellowship of postal workers of Antonio Deshon Williams.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere appreciation for a lifetime of dedicated public service provided by the late William Gary Loftin, former Clerk of Court for Caddo Parish.. Description: Expresses sincere appreciation for a lifetime of dedicated public service provided by the late William Gary Loftin, former Clerk of Court for Caddo Parish.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lisa Burns, principal of W. T. Lewis Elementary School, upon receipt of the 2020 Elementary Principal of the Year honor awarded by the Louisiana State Department of Education and recognizes her many contributions to the education profession.. Description: Commends Lisa Burns, principal of W. T. Lewis Elementary School, upon receipt of the 2020 Elementary Principal of the Year honor awarded by the Louisiana State Department of Education and recognizes her many contributions to the education profession.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of Captain Steve R. Robinson.. Description: Expresses sincere and heartfelt condolences upon the passing of Captain Steve R. Robinson.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes April 7, 2020, as "World Trade Day", celebrates the influence of international commerce on the state's economic health, vitality, and growth, and expresses support for the mission of the World Trade Center of New Orleans and trade policies that benefit American consumers and businesses, and ensures that the U.S. remains competitive in global commerce.. Description: Recognizes April 7, 2020, as "World Trade Day", celebrates the influence of international commerce on the state's economic health, vitality, and growth, and expresses support for the mission of the World Trade Center of New Orleans and trade policies that benefit American consumers and businesses, and ensures that the U.S. remains competitive in global commerce.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the International Association of Drilling Contractors for 80 years of leadership in the oil and gas drilling industry.. Description: Commends the International Association of Drilling Contractors for 80 years of leadership in the oil and gas drilling industry.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests BESE to suspend statewide standardized assessments for the 2019-2020 school year due to COVID-19.. Description: Requests BESE to suspend statewide standardized assessments for the 2019-2020 school year due to COVID-19.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Suspends certain laws relative to school closures due to COVID-19.. Description: Suspends certain laws relative to school closures due to COVID-19.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Damien Lewis on an outstanding 2019 season with the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers football team.. Description: Commends Damien Lewis on an outstanding 2019 season with the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers football team.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Shirley Wills on her many years of exemplary civic activism as a community leader and member of the Caddo Parish Police Jury, and congratulates her on the occasion of her 75th birthday.. Description: Commends Shirley Wills on her many years of exemplary civic activism as a community leader and member of the Caddo Parish Police Jury, and congratulates her on the occasion of her 75th birthday.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Reconstitutes and extends the deadlines of the Task Force on Protecting Children from Exposure to Pornography.. Description: Reconstitutes and extends the deadlines of the Task Force on Protecting Children from Exposure to Pornography.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests a joint study of the ability of members of the legislature to vote by video or other electronic means.. Description: Requests a joint study of the ability of members of the legislature to vote by video or other electronic means.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to consider eliminating the Windfall Elimination Provision (WEP) and the Government Pension Offset (GPO) Social Security benefit reductions.. Description: Memorializes Congress to consider eliminating the Windfall Elimination Provision (WEP) and the Government Pension Offset (GPO) Social Security benefit reductions.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests DOTD to determine which of its assets are available for broadband internet lines and to implement a "Dig Once" policy allowing broadband internet operators to install cable in the ground.. Description: Requests DOTD to determine which of its assets are available for broadband internet lines and to implement a "Dig Once" policy allowing broadband internet operators to install cable in the ground.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Joe Burrow on his accomplishments as quarterback of the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers and on being the recipient of the 2019 Heisman Trophy and numerous awards and accolades.. Description: Commends Joe Burrow on his accomplishments as quarterback of the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers and on being the recipient of the 2019 Heisman Trophy and numerous awards and accolades.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Armand "Mondo" Duplantis former Louisiana State University track athlete on setting new world indoor records for the pole vault.. Description: Commends Armand "Mondo" Duplantis former Louisiana State University track athlete on setting new world indoor records for the pole vault.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends K'Lavon Chaisson on an outstanding 2019 season with the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers football team.. Description: Commends K'Lavon Chaisson on an outstanding 2019 season with the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers football team.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Justin Jefferson on an outstanding 2019 season with the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers football team and on being the new record holder for receptions in a single season.. Description: Commends Justin Jefferson on an outstanding 2019 season with the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers football team and on being the new record holder for receptions in a single season.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Lloyd Cushenberry III on an outstanding 2019 season with the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers football team.. Description: Commends Lloyd Cushenberry III on an outstanding 2019 season with the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers football team.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Derek Stingley Jr. on an outstanding season with the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers football team.. Description: Commends Derek Stingley Jr. on an outstanding season with the Louisiana State University Fighting Tigers football team.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Grant Delpit on an outstanding 2019 football season with the LSU Fighting Tigers.. Description: Commends Grant Delpit on an outstanding 2019 football season with the LSU Fighting Tigers.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ja'Marr Chase on an outstanding 2019 football season with the LSU Fighting Tigers.. Description: Commends Ja'Marr Chase on an outstanding 2019 football season with the LSU Fighting Tigers.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Ed Orgeron, head coach of the LSU Fighting Tigers, on an undefeated 2019-2020 season, leading the Tigers to a national championship, and being the recipient of numerous coaching awards and accolades.. Description: Commends Ed Orgeron, head coach of the LSU Fighting Tigers, on an undefeated 2019-2020 season, leading the Tigers to a national championship, and being the recipient of numerous coaching awards and accolades.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana State University football team on winning the 2019 National Championship.. Description: Commends the Louisiana State University football team on winning the 2019 National Championship.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Encourages further economic ties and friendship between Louisiana and the Republic of China (Taiwan).. Description: Encourages further economic ties and friendship between Louisiana and the Republic of China (Taiwan).
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends the Louisiana 4-H Shooting Sports Team upon its receipt of the 2019 4-H National Championship Shooting title.. Description: Commends the Louisiana 4-H Shooting Sports Team upon its receipt of the 2019 4-H National Championship Shooting title.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of DeSoto Parish Deputy Donna Richardson-Below.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of DeSoto Parish Deputy Donna Richardson-Below.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Designates April 2020 as Organ Donation Awareness Month in Louisiana.. Description: Designates April 2020 as Organ Donation Awareness Month in Louisiana.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: To extend the termination date for the Lower Pearl River Basin task force until April 1, 2022.. Description: To extend the termination date for the Lower Pearl River Basin task force until April 1, 2022.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Board of Regents and the postsecondary education management boards to adopt a flexible and holistic admissions policy for summer and fall 2020 semesters due to COVID-19.. Description: Requests the Board of Regents and the postsecondary education management boards to adopt a flexible and holistic admissions policy for summer and fall 2020 semesters due to COVID-19.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences on the death of former Louisiana House of Representatives and Senate member, the Honorable Dudley Anthony "Butch" Gautreaux Jr.. Description: Expresses condolences on the death of former Louisiana House of Representatives and Senate member, the Honorable Dudley Anthony "Butch" Gautreaux Jr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to maintain funding to the Corporation for National and Community Service and its programs, including the LaVetCorps.. Description: Memorializes Congress to maintain funding to the Corporation for National and Community Service and its programs, including the LaVetCorps.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the Closed Party Primary Task Force to study the necessary steps to develop a closed party primary election system applicable at the federal, state, and local levels beginning with the 2022 congressional elections.. Description: Establishes the Closed Party Primary Task Force to study the necessary steps to develop a closed party primary election system applicable at the federal, state, and local levels beginning with the 2022 congressional elections.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests CPRA and the Dept. of Wildlife and Fisheries to cooperate in developing projects and programs to enhance the oyster industry.. Description: Requests CPRA and the Dept. of Wildlife and Fisheries to cooperate in developing projects and programs to enhance the oyster industry.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the Louisiana Supreme Court and the Louisiana State Bar Association to implement a lawyer advertisement review recognition program.. Description: Requests the Louisiana Supreme Court and the Louisiana State Bar Association to implement a lawyer advertisement review recognition program.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Melinda Waller Mangham.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Melinda Waller Mangham.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Michael "Tubby" Lee Bergeron Sr.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Michael "Tubby" Lee Bergeron Sr.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 2020 as Louisiana Abortion Recovery Awareness Month and commends pro-life groups for their service to women suffering from abortion related trauma.. Description: Recognizes May 2020 as Louisiana Abortion Recovery Awareness Month and commends pro-life groups for their service to women suffering from abortion related trauma.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to implement a traumatic injury response program in all public schools.. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to implement a traumatic injury response program in all public schools.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to create a task force to develop and oversee continuous learning outside of normal practices.. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to create a task force to develop and oversee continuous learning outside of normal practices.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses the intent of the legislature to allocate $100,000,000 of the local government allocation and $100,000,000 from the state allocation from the CARES Act to small businesses, of which $12,500,000 from the local government allocation and $12,500,000 from the state allocation shall be used for minority and women owned businesses.. Description: Expresses the intent of the legislature to allocate $100,000,000 of the local government allocation and $100,000,000 from the state allocation from the CARES Act to small businesses, of which $12,500,000 from the local government allocation and $12,500,000 from the state allocation shall be used for minority and women owned businesses.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests that local governmental subdivisions consider manufactured home chassis elevation when setting requirements for freeboard purposes.. Description: Requests that local governmental subdivisions consider manufactured home chassis elevation when setting requirements for freeboard purposes.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Directs the executive branch agencies under jurisdictional oversight of the Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.. Description: Directs the executive branch agencies under jurisdictional oversight of the Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget to continue to submit statutorily mandated reports until such time as the mandate is specifically amended or repealed.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Establishes the One Call Agricultural Study Group.. Description: Establishes the One Call Agricultural Study Group.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Henry Gremillion, Dean of the LSU Health New Orleans School of Dentistry.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Dr. Henry Gremillion, Dean of the LSU Health New Orleans School of Dentistry.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Extends the reporting and termination deadlines of the Task Force on Benefits of Marriage and Incentives for Premarital and Pre-Divorce Counseling.. Description: Extends the reporting and termination deadlines of the Task Force on Benefits of Marriage and Incentives for Premarital and Pre-Divorce Counseling.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to review the necessity to suspend all statewide assessments for the 2020-21 school year.. Description: Requests the State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to review the necessity to suspend all statewide assessments for the 2020-21 school year.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Commends Stephen Robicheaux on the occasion of his retirement as head coach of the Destrehan High School Wildcat football program.. Description: Commends Stephen Robicheaux on the occasion of his retirement as head coach of the Destrehan High School Wildcat football program.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Expresses condolences upon the death of Ravi Zacharias.. Description: Expresses condolences upon the death of Ravi Zacharias.
In 2020, Louisiana passed a bill titled: Requests naming the new Grand Bayou Floodgate in Lafourche Parish as the Reggie P. Bagala Floodgate.. Description: Requests naming the new Grand Bayou Floodgate in Lafourche Parish as the Reggie P. Bagala Floodgate.
