Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Maine:
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Add Schedule V Substances to the Controlled Substances Prescription Monitoring Program. Description: An Act to Add Schedule V Substances to the Controlled Substances Prescription Monitoring Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Create the Lobster Innovation Fund. Description: An Act to Create the Lobster Innovation Fund
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Prepare Preapproved Building Types. Description: Resolve, to Prepare Preapproved Building Types
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Protect the Right to Food. Description: An Act to Protect the Right to Food
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Election Laws and Notarial Laws. Description: An Act to Improve Election Laws and Notarial Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Name Changes for Minors. Description: An Act Concerning Name Changes for Minors
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing the Advisory Committee on the Fund to Address PFAS Contamination. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing the Advisory Committee on the Fund to Address PFAS Contamination
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Loring Job Increment Financing Fund. Description: An Act Regarding the Loring Job Increment Financing Fund
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Improve the Convenience of Public Restrooms. Description: Resolve, to Improve the Convenience of Public Restrooms
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish Maine Needham Day. Description: An Act to Establish Maine Needham Day
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Incentivize Accurate Recyclability Labeling on Packaging Material. Description: An Act to Incentivize Accurate Recyclability Labeling on Packaging Material
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Consumer Protection from Resale Ticket Vendors. Description: An Act to Ensure Consumer Protection from Resale Ticket Vendors
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Animals Abandoned by Tenants. Description: An Act Regarding Animals Abandoned by Tenants
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Invest in an Educational Technician Training Program to Address Shortages in Public Schools. Description: An Act to Invest in an Educational Technician Training Program to Address Shortages in Public Schools
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish Maine Alewife Day. Description: An Act to Establish Maine Alewife Day
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Tobacco Product Waste. Description: An Act Regarding Tobacco Product Waste
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Spirits Price Review and Recommendations. Description: An Act Regarding Spirits Price Review and Recommendations
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Repurpose Vacant Shopping Mall and Retail Space to Mixed-use Housing and Retail. Description: An Act to Repurpose Vacant Shopping Mall and Retail Space to Mixed-use Housing and Retail
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Study the Educare Model. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Study the Educare Model
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Nuisance Beavers. Description: An Act Regarding Nuisance Beavers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Electric Vehicles in Maine. Description: An Act To Increase Electric Vehicles in Maine
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Current Use Valuation of Working Waterfront Property. Description: An Act Regarding the Current Use Valuation of Working Waterfront Property
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Spousal Support. Description: An Act Concerning Spousal Support
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Boundary Between Waldo and Knox Counties in Penobscot Bay. Description: An Act to Clarify the Boundary Between Waldo and Knox Counties in Penobscot Bay
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Committee Structure of the State Workforce Board. Description: An Act Regarding the Committee Structure of the State Workforce Board
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Health Insurance Coverage for Certain Legislative Employees. Description: An Act to Expand Health Insurance Coverage for Certain Legislative Employees
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Personal Property Tax Exemption for Farm Machinery. Description: An Act to Increase the Personal Property Tax Exemption for Farm Machinery
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Investigations of Out-of-home Child Abuse and Neglect. Description: An Act Regarding Investigations of Out-of-home Child Abuse and Neglect
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Address Battery Storage System Decommissioning and Clarify Solar Energy Development Decommissioning. Description: An Act to Address Battery Storage System Decommissioning and Clarify Solar Energy Development Decommissioning
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit the Use of Personal Watercraft on Keyes Pond in the Town of Sweden. Description: An Act to Prohibit the Use of Personal Watercraft on Keyes Pond in the Town of Sweden
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Study Expansion of Civics Education and Engagement Through the Secretary of State. Description: Resolve, to Study Expansion of Civics Education and Engagement Through the Secretary of State
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Add Gray Squirrels and Red Squirrels to the Species List for the Open Training Season for Hunting Dogs. Description: An Act to Add Gray Squirrels and Red Squirrels to the Species List for the Open Training Season for Hunting Dogs
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Transparency in Municipal Ballot Referenda Expenditures. Description: An Act to Increase Transparency in Municipal Ballot Referenda Expenditures
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Universal Health Care. Description: An Act To Support Universal Health Care
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Private Insurance Coverage for Donor Breast Milk. Description: An Act to Require Private Insurance Coverage for Donor Breast Milk
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Review MaineCare Reimbursement for Electronic Consultation Services. Description: Resolve, to Review MaineCare Reimbursement for Electronic Consultation Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Qualifications and Oversight of Sheriffs. Description: An Act To Clarify the Qualifications and Oversight of Sheriffs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Fairness in Auto Insurance Claims. Description: An Act To Improve Fairness in Auto Insurance Claims
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Enhance Safety for Animal-drawn Vehicles on Highways. Description: An Act to Enhance Safety for Animal-drawn Vehicles on Highways
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Allowable Width of a Snowplow. Description: An Act to Increase the Allowable Width of a Snowplow
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Access to Veterinary Care by Prohibiting Noncompete Agreements. Description: An Act to Protect Access to Veterinary Care by Prohibiting Noncompete Agreements
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funding for a Chapel at the Maine Veterans' Memorial Cemetery in Augusta. Description: An Act to Provide Funding for a Chapel at the Maine Veterans' Memorial Cemetery in Augusta
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Increase the State Minimum Wage to $15 per Hour. Description: An Act to Increase the State Minimum Wage to $15 per Hour
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce Barriers to Housing by Limiting Tenant Application Fees. Description: An Act to Reduce Barriers to Housing by Limiting Tenant Application Fees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Eligibility of County Jail Inmates for a Community Confinement Monitoring Program. Description: An Act Regarding Eligibility of County Jail Inmates for a Community Confinement Monitoring Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Access to School Construction Funding. Description: An Act to Expand Access to School Construction Funding
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce Commercial Sexual Exploitation. Description: An Act to Reduce Commercial Sexual Exploitation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Remedies for Survivors of Commercial Sexual Exploitation. Description: An Act to Provide Remedies for Survivors of Commercial Sexual Exploitation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Stakeholder Group to Inform the Development of a Farm Apprenticeship Pilot Program. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Stakeholder Group to Inform the Development of a Farm Apprenticeship Pilot Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish Parity in Tipping Laws for Restaurant Workers. Description: An Act to Establish Parity in Tipping Laws for Restaurant Workers
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Supporting the Rural Health Care Workforce in Maine. Description: An Act Supporting the Rural Health Care Workforce in Maine
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Consent for Gender-affirming Hormone Therapy for Certain Minors. Description: An Act Regarding Consent for Gender-affirming Hormone Therapy for Certain Minors
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Meet the Needs of Individuals with Severe Behavioral Health Diagnoses. Description: An Act to Meet the Needs of Individuals with Severe Behavioral Health Diagnoses
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Social Equity Program. Description: An Act to Establish the Social Equity Program
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Natural Organic Reduction Facilities for Maine Residents for the Conversion of Human Remains to Soil. Description: An Act to Provide Natural Organic Reduction Facilities for Maine Residents for the Conversion of Human Remains to Soil
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Maine's Reproductive Privacy Laws. Description: An Act to Improve Maine's Reproductive Privacy Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Appointment of Expert Witnesses in Certain Family Court Actions. Description: An Act Regarding the Appointment of Expert Witnesses in Certain Family Court Actions
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Substance Use Disorder Counseling for MaineCare Members with an Acquired Brain Injury. Description: An Act to Provide Substance Use Disorder Counseling for MaineCare Members with an Acquired Brain Injury
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Establish Peer Respite Centers for Adults with Mental Health Challenges in Maine. Description: An Act to Establish Peer Respite Centers for Adults with Mental Health Challenges in Maine
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Public Utilities Commission to Investigate Time-of-use Rates. Description: Resolve, Directing the Public Utilities Commission to Investigate Time-of-use Rates
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding 2021 Municipal Elections and Town Meetings. Description: An Act Regarding 2021 Municipal Elections and Town Meetings
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Hunting Laws as They Pertain to the Training of Dogs. Description: An Act to Amend the Hunting Laws as They Pertain to the Training of Dogs
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Regional Support to Deliver State and Federal Programs to Municipalities in the State. Description: An Act to Provide Regional Support to Deliver State and Federal Programs to Municipalities in the State
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Electric Breast Pumps More Accessible by Providing for MaineCare Reimbursement. Description: An Act to Make Electric Breast Pumps More Accessible by Providing for MaineCare Reimbursement
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Reduction and Recycling of Food Waste. Description: An Act Regarding the Reduction and Recycling of Food Waste
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Authority of the Public Utilities Commission Regarding Access to Information in Proceedings Involving Special Rate Contracts. Description: An Act to Amend the Authority of the Public Utilities Commission Regarding Access to Information in Proceedings Involving Special Rate Contracts
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Maine Law Regarding Background Checks for the Office of Child and Family Services. Description: An Act to Clarify Maine Law Regarding Background Checks for the Office of Child and Family Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Appeals of License or Permit Decisions of the Commissioner of Environmental Protection. Description: An Act Regarding Appeals of License or Permit Decisions of the Commissioner of Environmental Protection
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support Maine's Farmers in the Development of Sustainable Irrigation. Description: An Act to Support Maine's Farmers in the Development of Sustainable Irrigation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Airboat Noise. Description: An Act Regarding Airboat Noise
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Amend MaineCare Rules Regarding Pharmacy Services. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Amend MaineCare Rules Regarding Pharmacy Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Office of Tax Policy to Study the Impact of Exempting Certain Nonprofit Organizations from the Sales and Use Tax and the Service Provider Tax. Description: Resolve, Directing the Office of Tax Policy to Study the Impact of Exempting Certain Nonprofit Organizations from the Sales and Use Tax and the Service Provider Tax
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Direct the Public Utilities Commission to Consider Methods to Educate Customers About Electricity Supply. Description: Resolve, to Direct the Public Utilities Commission to Consider Methods to Educate Customers About Electricity Supply
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Secretary of State to Report on the School Bus Driver Shortage. Description: Resolve, Directing the Secretary of State to Report on the School Bus Driver Shortage
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Raise the Cap on Retirement Benefits for State Employees and Teachers to Which a Cost-of-living Adjustment Is Made. Description: An Act to Raise the Cap on Retirement Benefits for State Employees and Teachers to Which a Cost-of-living Adjustment Is Made
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce Chronic Student Absenteeism. Description: An Act to Reduce Chronic Student Absenteeism
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Repeal the Hospital and Health Care Provider Cooperation Act. Description: An Act to Repeal the Hospital and Health Care Provider Cooperation Act
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Special Education Laws. Description: An Act to Update the Special Education Laws
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Revise the Tax Laws Regarding the Mi'kmaq Nation. Description: An Act to Revise the Tax Laws Regarding the Mi'kmaq Nation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Adopt the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact. Description: An Act to Adopt the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Annual Financial Audits of Certain Private Schools Approved for Tuition Purposes. Description: An Act to Require Annual Financial Audits of Certain Private Schools Approved for Tuition Purposes
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize the Secretary of State to Provide a New General Issue of License Plates. Description: An Act to Authorize the Secretary of State to Provide a New General Issue of License Plates
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Return to the Former Owner Any Excess Funds Remaining After the Sale of Foreclosed Property. Description: An Act to Return to the Former Owner Any Excess Funds Remaining After the Sale of Foreclosed Property
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Free Admission to State Parks and Historic Sites for the Immediate Family Members of Veterans and Active Military Personnel. Description: An Act to Provide Free Admission to State Parks and Historic Sites for the Immediate Family Members of Veterans and Active Military Personnel
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend Maine's Endangered and Threatened Species List. Description: An Act to Amend Maine's Endangered and Threatened Species List
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Children's Cabinet Early Childhood Advisory Council to Study Incentives for the Provision of Child Care in Maine. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Children's Cabinet Early Childhood Advisory Council to Study Incentives for the Provision of Child Care in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect the Constitutional Rights of Indigent Defendants. Description: An Act To Protect the Constitutional Rights of Indigent Defendants
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Belgrade Water District. Description: An Act To Create the Belgrade Water District
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand the Membership of the Permanent Commission on the Status of Women. Description: An Act to Expand the Membership of the Permanent Commission on the Status of Women
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Equalize Sales Tax Treatment of Certain Vehicles. Description: An Act To Equalize Sales Tax Treatment of Certain Vehicles
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Tax Laws of the State. Description: An Act To Amend the Tax Laws of the State
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Process to Evaluate the Family Team Meeting Model. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Process to Evaluate the Family Team Meeting Model
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Candidates for District Attorney to Participate in the Maine Clean Election Act. Description: An Act to Allow Candidates for District Attorney to Participate in the Maine Clean Election Act
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support Municipal Franchise Agreements. Description: An Act to Support Municipal Franchise Agreements
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Membership of the Somerset Woods Trustees. Description: An Act to Amend the Membership of the Somerset Woods Trustees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Antipinch Sensors on School Bus Doors. Description: An Act to Require Antipinch Sensors on School Bus Doors
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Maine Workforce, Research, Development and Student Achievement Institute. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Maine Workforce, Research, Development and Student Achievement Institute
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Remove the Requirement for Wild Blueberry Transportation Permits. Description: An Act to Remove the Requirement for Wild Blueberry Transportation Permits
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize the Use of Tax Increment Financing Funds for Constructing or Renovating Local Central Administrative Offices. Description: An Act to Authorize the Use of Tax Increment Financing Funds for Constructing or Renovating Local Central Administrative Offices
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Winter Energy Relief Payment Program to Aid Residents with High Heating Costs and to Finalize the COVID Pandemic Relief Payment Program. Description: An Act to Establish the Winter Energy Relief Payment Program to Aid Residents with High Heating Costs and to Finalize the COVID Pandemic Relief Payment Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update Provisions of the Department of Corrections Laws Regarding Operation and Administration of Jails, Women's Services and Juvenile Detention. Description: An Act to Update Provisions of the Department of Corrections Laws Regarding Operation and Administration of Jails, Women's Services and Juvenile Detention
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Access to Postsecondary Education for Low-income Parents. Description: An Act to Expand Access to Postsecondary Education for Low-income Parents
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the State Tax Assessor to Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the State Tax Assessor to Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Support for the Modernization of the Board of Pesticides Control by Increasing the Annual Pesticide Registration Fee. Description: An Act to Increase Support for the Modernization of the Board of Pesticides Control by Increasing the Annual Pesticide Registration Fee
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish Processing Time Limits for Permit by Rule Applications Under the Site Location of Development Laws. Description: An Act to Establish Processing Time Limits for Permit by Rule Applications Under the Site Location of Development Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Invasive Aquatic Plants. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Invasive Aquatic Plants
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Temporary Protections for Children Living in Dwellings with Identified Lead Hazards. Description: An Act to Strengthen Temporary Protections for Children Living in Dwellings with Identified Lead Hazards
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Severance Pay to Cover More Types of Employers and Include More Workers. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Severance Pay to Cover More Types of Employers and Include More Workers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Define "Mail" in the Employment Security Law to Include Electronic Notification and to Extend the Appeal Times for Claimants. Description: An Act to Define "Mail" in the Employment Security Law to Include Electronic Notification and to Extend the Appeal Times for Claimants
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Simplify an Assessment Notice Requirement Under Department of Labor Laws. Description: An Act to Simplify an Assessment Notice Requirement Under Department of Labor Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Law Governing the State Grant Program Administered by the Maine Historic Preservation Commission. Description: An Act to Amend the Law Governing the State Grant Program Administered by the Maine Historic Preservation Commission
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Technical Changes to Maine's Marine Resources Laws. Description: An Act to Make Technical Changes to Maine's Marine Resources Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Membership Requirements of the State Claims Commission. Description: An Act to Amend the Membership Requirements of the State Claims Commission
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Accountability for Workplace Sexual Harassment and Sexual Assault by Removing Certain Intentional Torts from Workers' Compensation Exemptions. Description: An Act to Ensure Accountability for Workplace Sexual Harassment and Sexual Assault by Removing Certain Intentional Torts from Workers' Compensation Exemptions
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 171: Control of Petroleum Storage Facilities, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 171: Control of Petroleum Storage Facilities, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2024. Description: An Act to Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2024
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine to Require All Provisions in the Constitution to Be Included in the Official Printing. Description: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine to Require All Provisions in the Constitution to Be Included in the Official Printing
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure a High-quality Education for Students with Disabilities by Clarifying the Definition of "State Agency Client" and Who Provides Special Education Programs and Services. Description: An Act to Ensure a High-quality Education for Students with Disabilities by Clarifying the Definition of "State Agency Client" and Who Provides Special Education Programs and Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Family Economic Security Under the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Program. Description: An Act to Improve Family Economic Security Under the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Address Recovery Residence Participation in the Municipal General Assistance Program. Description: An Act to Address Recovery Residence Participation in the Municipal General Assistance Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Access to Children's Behavioral Health Services. Description: An Act to Improve Access to Children's Behavioral Health Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Restore the Former State of Maine Flag. Description: An Act to Restore the Former State of Maine Flag
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Permit Emergency Funding for Food Banks When a State of Emergency Is Declared. Description: An Act to Permit Emergency Funding for Food Banks When a State of Emergency Is Declared
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Adopt the National 2022 Amendments to the Uniform Commercial Code. Description: An Act to Adopt the National 2022 Amendments to the Uniform Commercial Code
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Minimize the Propagation of Invasive Aquatic Plants. Description: An Act to Minimize the Propagation of Invasive Aquatic Plants
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Access for All Caregivers to Diaper Changing Stations in State Buildings Open to the Public. Description: An Act to Ensure Access for All Caregivers to Diaper Changing Stations in State Buildings Open to the Public
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning the Membership of the State Emergency Response Commission and Fees for Registering Facilities Required to Report to That Commission. Description: An Act Concerning the Membership of the State Emergency Response Commission and Fees for Registering Facilities Required to Report to That Commission
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Release of Relevant Background Investigation Material to Current Employers of Law Enforcement and Corrections Officers. Description: An Act to Ensure Release of Relevant Background Investigation Material to Current Employers of Law Enforcement and Corrections Officers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Members of the Maine Public Employees Retirement System With Service in Multiple Plans to Defer Retirement Service Benefits Until Normal Retirement Age to Avoid a Reduction in Benefits. Description: An Act to Allow Members of the Maine Public Employees Retirement System With Service in Multiple Plans to Defer Retirement Service Benefits Until Normal Retirement Age to Avoid a Reduction in Benefits
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Requiring the State to Pay a Share of a Retired State Employee's or Retired Teacher's Premium for Medicare Part B Under Medicare Advantage. Description: An Act Requiring the State to Pay a Share of a Retired State Employee's or Retired Teacher's Premium for Medicare Part B Under Medicare Advantage
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funding for Children's Guardians Ad Litem. Description: An Act to Provide Funding for Children's Guardians Ad Litem
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Court Jurisdiction of Actions Involving Children Brought Under the Maine Uniform Probate Code. Description: An Act to Clarify Court Jurisdiction of Actions Involving Children Brought Under the Maine Uniform Probate Code
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Maine Parentage Act Regarding Joinder of Parties. Description: An Act to Amend the Maine Parentage Act Regarding Joinder of Parties
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Terms of Trustees of the Phippsburg Cemetery District. Description: An Act Regarding the Terms of Trustees of the Phippsburg Cemetery District
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Simplify the Sale of Food Requirement for Certain Licenses for the Sale of Liquor to Be Consumed on the Licensed Premises. Description: An Act to Simplify the Sale of Food Requirement for Certain Licenses for the Sale of Liquor to Be Consumed on the Licensed Premises
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Fund Climate-related Service Work. Description: An Act to Fund Climate-related Service Work
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support Rural Service Programming and Promote Volunteerism. Description: An Act to Support Rural Service Programming and Promote Volunteerism
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Monitoring of Municipal Abandoned Property. Description: An Act Regarding the Monitoring of Municipal Abandoned Property
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Electronic Distribution of Certain Documents to Municipalities and Electronic Acknowledgment of Receipt of Certain Documents as Acceptable Communications. Description: An Act to Allow Electronic Distribution of Certain Documents to Municipalities and Electronic Acknowledgment of Receipt of Certain Documents as Acceptable Communications
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding Special Education Funding for So-called Minimum Receiver School Administration Units. Description: An Act Regarding Special Education Funding for So-called Minimum Receiver School Administration Units
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Community-based Services for Youth Involved in the Juvenile Justice System. Description: An Act Regarding Community-based Services for Youth Involved in the Juvenile Justice System
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Study the Establishment of a Substance Use Disorder Hotline. Description: Resolve, to Study the Establishment of a Substance Use Disorder Hotline
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Funding of Lake Water Quality Restoration and Protection Projects. Description: An Act Regarding the Funding of Lake Water Quality Restoration and Protection Projects
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Governor's Salary. Description: An Act to Increase the Governor's Salary
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Revenue for Property Tax Relief and Capital Infrastructure Projects. Description: An Act to Provide Revenue for Property Tax Relief and Capital Infrastructure Projects
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Authority of the Director of the Real Estate Commission to Investigate Complaints. Description: An Act to Clarify the Authority of the Director of the Real Estate Commission to Investigate Complaints
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Diapers. Description: An Act to Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Diapers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Probate and Trust Law Advisory Commission for Amending the Maine Uniform Probate Code and Related Provisions of Law. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Probate and Trust Law Advisory Commission for Amending the Maine Uniform Probate Code and Related Provisions of Law
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations from the General Fund and Other Funds for the Expenditures of State Government and to Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2023. Description: An Act to Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations from the General Fund and Other Funds for the Expenditures of State Government and to Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2023
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Commissioner of Public Safety to Establish a Stakeholder Group to Examine the Responsibilities, Fees and Duties of the Technical Building Codes and Standards Board. Description: Resolve, Directing the Commissioner of Public Safety to Establish a Stakeholder Group to Examine the Responsibilities, Fees and Duties of the Technical Building Codes and Standards Board
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Require MaineCare Assessments for Children. Description: An Act to Require MaineCare Assessments for Children
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Expand the List of Persons Exempt from the Real Estate Transfer Tax. Description: An Act to Expand the List of Persons Exempt from the Real Estate Transfer Tax
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Water Supply Protection Funds. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Water Supply Protection Funds
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Storm Water Management to Provide an Exemption for Trails for Hiking and Other Similar Activities. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Storm Water Management to Provide an Exemption for Trails for Hiking and Other Similar Activities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support Manufacturers Whose Products Contain Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances. Description: An Act to Support Manufacturers Whose Products Contain Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Maine's Health Care Workforce by Preventing Discrimination by Requiring Maintenance of Certification for Insurance Reimbursement. Description: An Act to Strengthen Maine's Health Care Workforce by Preventing Discrimination by Requiring Maintenance of Certification for Insurance Reimbursement
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding Reimbursement to Hospitals for Patients Awaiting Placement in Nursing Facilities. Description: An Act Regarding Reimbursement to Hospitals for Patients Awaiting Placement in Nursing Facilities
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Address Maine's Affordable Housing Crisis. Description: An Act to Address Maine's Affordable Housing Crisis
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Legally Protected Health Care Activity in the State. Description: An Act Regarding Legally Protected Health Care Activity in the State
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Require That Alcohol Misuse Be Disclosed as a Contributing Factor to Death on Death Certificates. Description: Resolve, to Require That Alcohol Misuse Be Disclosed as a Contributing Factor to Death on Death Certificates
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Compensate Tribal Governments for Basic Training for a Law Enforcement Officer Hired by Another Government Agency. Description: An Act to Compensate Tribal Governments for Basic Training for a Law Enforcement Officer Hired by Another Government Agency
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Require the Maine National Guard to Sell Certain Property in Hallowell. Description: Resolve, to Require the Maine National Guard to Sell Certain Property in Hallowell
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support the Maine Pediatric and Behavioral Health Partnership Program. Description: An Act to Support the Maine Pediatric and Behavioral Health Partnership Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Bonding Restrictions for School Administrative Units. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Bonding Restrictions for School Administrative Units
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Efficiency in the Review of Petitions by the Secretary of State by Clarifying Deadlines Related to Those Petitions. Description: An Act to Ensure Efficiency in the Review of Petitions by the Secretary of State by Clarifying Deadlines Related to Those Petitions
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Raise from 12 to 24 the Annual Limit on the Number of Public Events and Meals Nonprofit Organizations May Have That Are Exempt from Certain Rules and Regulations. Description: An Act to Raise from 12 to 24 the Annual Limit on the Number of Public Events and Meals Nonprofit Organizations May Have That Are Exempt from Certain Rules and Regulations
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Mortgage Assistance for Persons with Illnesses Related to COVID-19. Description: Resolve, Regarding Mortgage Assistance for Persons with Illnesses Related to COVID-19
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Pink-edged Sulphur as the State Butterfly. Description: An Act to Establish the Pink-edged Sulphur as the State Butterfly
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Direct the Maine Connectivity Authority to Develop Proposed Legislation to Increase Broadband Internet Access. Description: Resolve, to Direct the Maine Connectivity Authority to Develop Proposed Legislation to Increase Broadband Internet Access
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Concerning Housing and Support Services for At-risk Youth and Youth Involved in the Juvenile Justice System. Description: An Act Concerning Housing and Support Services for At-risk Youth and Youth Involved in the Juvenile Justice System
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Making Unified Appropriations and Allocations from the General Fund and Other Funds for the Expenditures of State Government and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2023, June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025. Description: An Act Making Unified Appropriations and Allocations from the General Fund and Other Funds for the Expenditures of State Government and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2023, June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Making Unified Allocations from the Highway Fund and Other Funds for the Expenditures of State Government and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2023, June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025. Description: An Act Making Unified Allocations from the Highway Fund and Other Funds for the Expenditures of State Government and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2023, June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Supplemental Allocations from the Highway Fund and Other Funds for the Expenditures of State Government and to Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2023. Description: An Act to Make Supplemental Allocations from the Highway Fund and Other Funds for the Expenditures of State Government and to Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2023
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Maine Development Foundation. Description: An Act Regarding the Maine Development Foundation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Access to Family Planning Services. Description: An Act to Ensure Access to Family Planning Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Process for Admission to the Bar on Motion. Description: An Act to Clarify the Process for Admission to the Bar on Motion
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Support Services for Military Members Transitioning to Civilian Life in Maine. Description: An Act to Provide Support Services for Military Members Transitioning to Civilian Life in Maine
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funds to the Malaga 1912 Scholarship Fund. Description: An Act to Provide Funds to the Malaga 1912 Scholarship Fund
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Assist Municipalities in Preventing Damage from Storm Water. Description: An Act to Assist Municipalities in Preventing Damage from Storm Water
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Against Discrimination by Public Entities. Description: An Act to Protect Against Discrimination by Public Entities
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Make Maine Schools Safer and Healthier by Increasing the Maximum Debt Service Limit. Description: An Act to Make Maine Schools Safer and Healthier by Increasing the Maximum Debt Service Limit
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Department of Health and Human Services to Authorize Standing Orders. Description: An Act to Allow the Department of Health and Human Services to Authorize Standing Orders
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Technical Changes to the Maine Tax Laws. Description: An Act to Make Technical Changes to the Maine Tax Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Municipalities Receive a Higher Percentage of All-terrain Vehicle and Snowmobile Registration Fees to Cover Increased Expenses. Description: An Act to Ensure Municipalities Receive a Higher Percentage of All-terrain Vehicle and Snowmobile Registration Fees to Cover Increased Expenses
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Correct Language Related to Medicaid Coverage for Children. Description: An Act to Correct Language Related to Medicaid Coverage for Children
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require That Insurance Companies Notify Insured Persons over 65 Years of Age Regarding Coordination of Benefits with Medicare Part B. Description: An Act to Require That Insurance Companies Notify Insured Persons over 65 Years of Age Regarding Coordination of Benefits with Medicare Part B
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Law Governing the Regulation of Manufactured Housing to Increase Affordable Housing. Description: An Act to Amend the Law Governing the Regulation of Manufactured Housing to Increase Affordable Housing
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Electronic Access to Confidential Juror Information. Description: An Act to Provide Electronic Access to Confidential Juror Information
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Transition the Responsibility for Child Find Activities and for Ensuring a Free, Appropriate Public Education for Eligible Children from the Child Development Services System to School Administrative Units. Description: An Act to Transition the Responsibility for Child Find Activities and for Ensuring a Free, Appropriate Public Education for Eligible Children from the Child Development Services System to School Administrative Units
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding In-court Appearance Requirements for Persons Authorized to Serve Eviction Notices. Description: An Act Regarding In-court Appearance Requirements for Persons Authorized to Serve Eviction Notices
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Make Menstrual Products Available in Certain Schools. Description: An Act to Make Menstrual Products Available in Certain Schools
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 12: Transportation of Human Remains, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation, Maine State Board of Funeral Service. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 12: Transportation of Human Remains, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation, Maine State Board of Funeral Service
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 570: Uniform Reporting System for Prescription Drug Price Data Sets, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 570: Uniform Reporting System for Prescription Drug Price Data Sets, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife to Study the Effects of Wake Boats on Shoreline Property and the Environment. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife to Study the Effects of Wake Boats on Shoreline Property and the Environment
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Transfer the Monhegan Water Company to Monhegan Plantation and to Repeal the Monhegan Water Company Charter. Description: An Act to Transfer the Monhegan Water Company to Monhegan Plantation and to Repeal the Monhegan Water Company Charter
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Naming Portions of a Highway in St. George. Description: Resolve, Naming Portions of a Highway in St. George
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Emergency Aid to Dairy Farmers Affected by the Crisis in Production Costs. Description: An Act to Provide Emergency Aid to Dairy Farmers Affected by the Crisis in Production Costs
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 25: Standards for Placing Wood into Stream Channels to Enhance Cold Water Fisheries Habitat, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Bureau of Forestry. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 25: Standards for Placing Wood into Stream Channels to Enhance Cold Water Fisheries Habitat, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Bureau of Forestry
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 2: Hearing Procedures and Portions of Chapter 3: Maine Clean Election Act and Related Provisions, Major Substantive Rules of the Commission on Governmental Ethics and Election Practices. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 2: Hearing Procedures and Portions of Chapter 3: Maine Clean Election Act and Related Provisions, Major Substantive Rules of the Commission on Governmental Ethics and Election Practices
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 305: Natural Resources Protection Act - Permit by Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 305: Natural Resources Protection Act - Permit by Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 33: Rules Governing Physical Restraint and Seclusion, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 33: Rules Governing Physical Restraint and Seclusion, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 117: Rule Regarding the Duties of School Counselors and School Social Workers, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 117: Rule Regarding the Duties of School Counselors and School Social Workers, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Funding Sources Within the Public Utilities Commission for Intervenor and Participant Funding. Description: An Act to Expand Funding Sources Within the Public Utilities Commission for Intervenor and Participant Funding
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Preserve the 207 Area Code and Impede So-called Robocalling. Description: An Act to Preserve the 207 Area Code and Impede So-called Robocalling
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Signs at Outdoor Athletic Facilities. Description: An Act to Allow Signs at Outdoor Athletic Facilities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Portfolio Requirements for Class II Resources and Require Money Collected from Alternative Compliance Payments to Be Used for Financial Assistance. Description: An Act to Amend the Portfolio Requirements for Class II Resources and Require Money Collected from Alternative Compliance Payments to Be Used for Financial Assistance
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Working Group to Study Polling Places at Schools in Order to Protect Security and Accessibility. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Working Group to Study Polling Places at Schools in Order to Protect Security and Accessibility
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Making Certain Appropriations and Allocations and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2023, June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025. Description: An Act Making Certain Appropriations and Allocations and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2023, June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Eligibility Criteria for Creditable Service in the Armed Forces of the United States Under the State Retirement System and to Require Specific Reporting. Description: An Act to Amend the Eligibility Criteria for Creditable Service in the Armed Forces of the United States Under the State Retirement System and to Require Specific Reporting
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reclassify Certain Offenses Under the Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Laws. Description: An Act to Reclassify Certain Offenses Under the Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reclassify Certain Offenses Under the Motor Vehicle Laws and Increase the Efficiency of the Criminal Justice System. Description: An Act to Reclassify Certain Offenses Under the Motor Vehicle Laws and Increase the Efficiency of the Criminal Justice System
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Promote Translation and Interpretation Services in Health Care Settings. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Promote Translation and Interpretation Services in Health Care Settings
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Law Regarding Foreign Subpoenas. Description: An Act to Amend the Law Regarding Foreign Subpoenas
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify MaineCare Program Requirements Regarding Certain High-risk Health Care Providers. Description: An Act to Clarify MaineCare Program Requirements Regarding Certain High-risk Health Care Providers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Require the Department of Health and Human Services to Report on Children's Residential Treatment Services and Implementation of the Department's Strategic Priorities for Children's Behavioral Health Services. Description: Resolve, to Require the Department of Health and Human Services to Report on Children's Residential Treatment Services and Implementation of the Department's Strategic Priorities for Children's Behavioral Health Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Career and Technical Education Students with Credit Toward High School Graduation for Work Completed in Career and Technical Education Centers and Regions. Description: An Act to Provide Career and Technical Education Students with Credit Toward High School Graduation for Work Completed in Career and Technical Education Centers and Regions
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify and Amend the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Licensing Laws. Description: An Act to Clarify and Amend the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Licensing Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Death by Suicide to Be Considered a Death While in the Line of Duty. Description: An Act to Allow Death by Suicide to Be Considered a Death While in the Line of Duty
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit Marriage of Any Person Under 17 Years of Age. Description: An Act to Prohibit Marriage of Any Person Under 17 Years of Age
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize the Department of Health and Human Services to License Home-based and Community-based Services for Persons with an Intellectual Disability, Autism Spectrum Disorder or a Related Condition or an Acquired Brain Injury and Define Autism Spectrum Disorder. Description: An Act to Authorize the Department of Health and Human Services to License Home-based and Community-based Services for Persons with an Intellectual Disability, Autism Spectrum Disorder or a Related Condition or an Acquired Brain Injury and Define Autism Spectrum Disorder
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide for an Electronic Permit for the Disposition of Human Remains. Description: An Act to Provide for an Electronic Permit for the Disposition of Human Remains
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Evaluate Options for the Recycling of Solar Panels and Wind Turbine Blades. Description: Resolve, to Evaluate Options for the Recycling of Solar Panels and Wind Turbine Blades
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Study Accessible Electric Vehicle Charging Stations. Description: Resolve, to Study Accessible Electric Vehicle Charging Stations
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support Lead Abatement in Older Residential Properties. Description: An Act to Support Lead Abatement in Older Residential Properties
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Maine State Flag Commission. Description: An Act to Establish the Maine State Flag Commission
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinic Projects. Description: An Act to Support Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinic Projects
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Expand the Eligibility for and Increase the Number of Hours of Applied Behavior Analysis Services Authorized by the MaineCare Program. Description: Resolve, to Expand the Eligibility for and Increase the Number of Hours of Applied Behavior Analysis Services Authorized by the MaineCare Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Collaboration Between Mandatory Reporters and Law Enforcement in the Investigation of Alleged Child Abuse and Neglect. Description: An Act to Improve Collaboration Between Mandatory Reporters and Law Enforcement in the Investigation of Alleged Child Abuse and Neglect
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Simplify and Clarify the Licensing of Assisted Housing Facilities. Description: An Act to Simplify and Clarify the Licensing of Assisted Housing Facilities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education, Maine School Safety Center to Convene a Stakeholder Group to Develop Best Practices for Lockdown Drills and Active Shooter Drills and Allowing Parents to Opt Out of Active Shooter Drills for Their Children. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education, Maine School Safety Center to Convene a Stakeholder Group to Develop Best Practices for Lockdown Drills and Active Shooter Drills and Allowing Parents to Opt Out of Active Shooter Drills for Their Children
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Coastal Sand Dune Restoration Projects. Description: An Act to Improve Coastal Sand Dune Restoration Projects
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing the Membership of the Palliative Care and Quality of Life Interdisciplinary Advisory Council. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing the Membership of the Palliative Care and Quality of Life Interdisciplinary Advisory Council
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Deferral of a Moose Hunting Permit If More than One Permit Is Awarded Within the Same Household. Description: An Act to Allow the Deferral of a Moose Hunting Permit If More than One Permit Is Awarded Within the Same Household
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Extend the Time for Youth Deer Hunting. Description: An Act to Extend the Time for Youth Deer Hunting
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Retirement Benefit Reductions for Certain Employees Currently Included in the 1998 Special Plan. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Retirement Benefit Reductions for Certain Employees Currently Included in the 1998 Special Plan
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the State Board of Education to Study Educator Credential Requirements. Description: Resolve, Directing the State Board of Education to Study Educator Credential Requirements
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Equal Educational Opportunity by Adopting Rules Ensuring Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Protected Class Status in Educational Institutions. Description: An Act to Provide Equal Educational Opportunity by Adopting Rules Ensuring Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Protected Class Status in Educational Institutions
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Designate the Department of Health and Human Services as the Implementing Department of the Lead-safe Housing Registry. Description: An Act to Designate the Department of Health and Human Services as the Implementing Department of the Lead-safe Housing Registry
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Require the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife to Develop a Plan for Communication Regarding Certain Municipal Regulation. Description: Resolve, to Require the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife to Develop a Plan for Communication Regarding Certain Municipal Regulation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce Cancer Among Firefighters by Providing Grants for Safety Equipment. Description: An Act to Reduce Cancer Among Firefighters by Providing Grants for Safety Equipment
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Evaluate a Vehicle-to-grid Pilot Project Using Electric School Buses. Description: Resolve, to Evaluate a Vehicle-to-grid Pilot Project Using Electric School Buses
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require That Motor Vehicles Be Clear of Snow and Ice When Operated on Public Ways. Description: An Act to Require That Motor Vehicles Be Clear of Snow and Ice When Operated on Public Ways
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 5, Section 63: Home Based Supports and Services for Older and Disabled Adults and Chapter 11: Consumer Directed Personal Assistance Services, Major Substantive Rules of the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Aging and Disability Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 5, Section 63: Home Based Supports and Services for Older and Disabled Adults and Chapter 11: Consumer Directed Personal Assistance Services, Major Substantive Rules of the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Aging and Disability Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing the Emergency Medical Services Stabilization and Sustainability Program. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing the Emergency Medical Services Stabilization and Sustainability Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Road Safety for Waste and Recycling Collection Employees. Description: An Act to Improve Road Safety for Waste and Recycling Collection Employees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Definition of "Reportable Accident". Description: An Act Regarding the Definition of "Reportable Accident"
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Mortgage Holders to Notify a Homeowner's Insurance Company on the Sale or Transfer of a Mortgage. Description: An Act to Require Mortgage Holders to Notify a Homeowner's Insurance Company on the Sale or Transfer of a Mortgage
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Number of Mature Plants Allowed for the Home Cultivation of Cannabis. Description: An Act to Increase the Number of Mature Plants Allowed for the Home Cultivation of Cannabis
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Limit the Driver's License Reinstatement Fee in Certain Circumstances. Description: An Act to Limit the Driver's License Reinstatement Fee in Certain Circumstances
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Working Waterfront Covenants. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Working Waterfront Covenants
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding a Seat Belt Exemption for Persons with a Medical Condition. Description: An Act Regarding a Seat Belt Exemption for Persons with a Medical Condition
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Conditions for People Living in Recovery Residences by Requiring Approved Discharge and Transfer Policies. Description: An Act to Improve Conditions for People Living in Recovery Residences by Requiring Approved Discharge and Transfer Policies
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require a Vehicle Operator to Notify an Owner or Law Enforcement Officer of an Accident Involving a Dog, a Cat or Livestock. Description: An Act to Require a Vehicle Operator to Notify an Owner or Law Enforcement Officer of an Accident Involving a Dog, a Cat or Livestock
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Support Services for a Transitional Housing Program for Homeless Persons. Description: An Act to Provide Support Services for a Transitional Housing Program for Homeless Persons
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Availability of Naloxone Hydrochloride. Description: An Act to Expand Availability of Naloxone Hydrochloride
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Direct the Department of Transportation to Examine Improving Highway Connections from Interstate 95 to the St. John Valley. Description: Resolve, to Direct the Department of Transportation to Examine Improving Highway Connections from Interstate 95 to the St. John Valley
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Guidelines for Free Telephone Calls by Individuals Incarcerated in Department of Corrections Facilities. Description: An Act Regarding Guidelines for Free Telephone Calls by Individuals Incarcerated in Department of Corrections Facilities
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Expand the 1998 Special Retirement Plan to Include Employees Who Work for the Office of Chief Medical Examiner. Description: An Act to Expand the 1998 Special Retirement Plan to Include Employees Who Work for the Office of Chief Medical Examiner
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Establishing a Working Group to Maximize Eligibility for Energy Efficiency Programs for Low-income Homeowners. Description: Resolve, Establishing a Working Group to Maximize Eligibility for Energy Efficiency Programs for Low-income Homeowners
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce Conflicts Between Landowners and Deer and Add an Additional Youth Deer Hunting Day. Description: An Act to Reduce Conflicts Between Landowners and Deer and Add an Additional Youth Deer Hunting Day
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Health Care Professionals Providing Reproductive Health Care Services. Description: An Act to Protect Health Care Professionals Providing Reproductive Health Care Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Designate Maine Irish Heritage Day. Description: An Act to Designate Maine Irish Heritage Day
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Change the Notification Law for School Truancy. Description: An Act to Change the Notification Law for School Truancy
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Social Work Education Loan Repayment Program. Description: An Act to Amend the Social Work Education Loan Repayment Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize the Department of Health and Human Services to License and Ensure the Quality of Personal Care Agencies. Description: An Act to Authorize the Department of Health and Human Services to License and Ensure the Quality of Personal Care Agencies
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Promote the Use of Free Annual Wellness Visits by Ensuring Proper Disclosure. Description: An Act to Promote the Use of Free Annual Wellness Visits by Ensuring Proper Disclosure
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Charter of the Lewiston-Auburn Water Pollution Control Authority. Description: An Act to Update the Charter of the Lewiston-Auburn Water Pollution Control Authority
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Fully Reimburse Municipalities for Lost Revenue Under the Property Tax Stabilization for Senior Citizens Program. Description: An Act to Fully Reimburse Municipalities for Lost Revenue Under the Property Tax Stabilization for Senior Citizens Program
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Promote Seamless and Flexible Home and Community Supports Across the Lifespan for Individuals with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities or Autism. Description: An Act to Promote Seamless and Flexible Home and Community Supports Across the Lifespan for Individuals with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities or Autism
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Naming a Pond in the Town of New Gloucester as MacDonald Pond. Description: Resolve, Naming a Pond in the Town of New Gloucester as MacDonald Pond
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Naming a Pond in Elm Stream Township as Plummer Pond. Description: Resolve, Naming a Pond in Elm Stream Township as Plummer Pond
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support Community-based Volunteer Organizations. Description: An Act to Support Community-based Volunteer Organizations
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Create the Public Art Fund. Description: An Act to Create the Public Art Fund
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Birds in the Construction, Renovation and Maintenance of Public Buildings. Description: An Act to Protect Birds in the Construction, Renovation and Maintenance of Public Buildings
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Exempt Nonprofit Land Trusts from Sales Tax. Description: An Act to Exempt Nonprofit Land Trusts from Sales Tax
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce the Cost of Energy in Maine and Reduce Greenhouse Gas Emissions Through the Effective Use of Renewably Sourced Gas. Description: An Act to Reduce the Cost of Energy in Maine and Reduce Greenhouse Gas Emissions Through the Effective Use of Renewably Sourced Gas
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Notice Period for Rent Increases of 10 Percent or More. Description: An Act to Increase the Notice Period for Rent Increases of 10 Percent or More
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Maine Human Rights Act with Respect to Gender Identity. Description: An Act to Update the Maine Human Rights Act with Respect to Gender Identity
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Develop a Home Share Pilot Program for Older Persons. Description: Resolve, to Develop a Home Share Pilot Program for Older Persons
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Prior Authorizations for Health Care Provider Services. Description: An Act Concerning Prior Authorizations for Health Care Provider Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Authorize the Conveyance of Real Property to the Capitol Area Recreation Association. Description: Resolve, to Authorize the Conveyance of Real Property to the Capitol Area Recreation Association
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Department of Economic and Community Development Evaluations of State Investments in Economic Development. Description: An Act Regarding Department of Economic and Community Development Evaluations of State Investments in Economic Development
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Pupil Counts Used for Determination of School Administrative Unit Operating Costs. Description: An Act to Amend the Pupil Counts Used for Determination of School Administrative Unit Operating Costs
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Energy Efficiency Program Outreach and Assistance to Manufactured Housing Residents. Description: An Act to Provide Energy Efficiency Program Outreach and Assistance to Manufactured Housing Residents
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Integrated Behavioral Health Services to Sexual Violence Survivors. Description: An Act to Provide Integrated Behavioral Health Services to Sexual Violence Survivors
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Crew Member of a Holder of an Elver Fishing License to Empty an Elver Fyke Net. Description: An Act to Allow the Crew Member of a Holder of an Elver Fishing License to Empty an Elver Fyke Net
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce the Penalty for Operating a Motor Vehicle Under a Suspended License in Certain Situations. Description: An Act to Reduce the Penalty for Operating a Motor Vehicle Under a Suspended License in Certain Situations
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide for the Management of the Waste Components of a Solar Energy Development upon Decommissioning. Description: An Act to Provide for the Management of the Waste Components of a Solar Energy Development upon Decommissioning
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Allow Employees to Request Flexible Work Schedules. Description: An Act to Allow Employees to Request Flexible Work Schedules
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Improve Behavioral Health Support for Students in Public Schools. Description: An Act to Improve Behavioral Health Support for Students in Public Schools
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Community College System to Study Providing On-campus Housing on All Campuses. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Community College System to Study Providing On-campus Housing on All Campuses
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Task Force to Study Changes to the Legal Status of Scheduled Drugs. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Task Force to Study Changes to the Legal Status of Scheduled Drugs
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife to Examine Issues Related to Moose Hunting Seasons. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife to Examine Issues Related to Moose Hunting Seasons
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Sustain the Medical Use of Cannabis Program. Description: An Act to Sustain the Medical Use of Cannabis Program
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish Separate Inauguration and Transition Committees for a Governor-elect and to Limit Donations to Each. Description: An Act to Establish Separate Inauguration and Transition Committees for a Governor-elect and to Limit Donations to Each
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Transparency in the Labeling of Meat as Grass-fed. Description: An Act to Ensure Transparency in the Labeling of Meat as Grass-fed
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Identify the State's Unidentified Human Remains. Description: An Act to Identify the State's Unidentified Human Remains
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support Individuals with Personality Disorder or Disorders Associated with Primary Emotional Dysregulation by Requiring Reimbursement Under the MaineCare Program. Description: An Act to Support Individuals with Personality Disorder or Disorders Associated with Primary Emotional Dysregulation by Requiring Reimbursement Under the MaineCare Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect the Practice of Certain Cardiovascular Professionals. Description: An Act to Protect the Practice of Certain Cardiovascular Professionals
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Direct Wine Shippers to Comply with Maine Beverage Container Laws. Description: An Act to Require Direct Wine Shippers to Comply with Maine Beverage Container Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Study Implementation of a Program to Provide Trauma-informed Training for Law Enforcement Officers at the Maine Criminal Justice Academy. Description: Resolve, to Study Implementation of a Program to Provide Trauma-informed Training for Law Enforcement Officers at the Maine Criminal Justice Academy
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Working Group to Review the Process for Ongoing Review of Tax Expenditures by the Legislature. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Working Group to Review the Process for Ongoing Review of Tax Expenditures by the Legislature
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the University of Maine System to Study the Barriers to Use of Cross-laminated Timber. Description: Resolve, Directing the University of Maine System to Study the Barriers to Use of Cross-laminated Timber
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Exempt Emergency Medical Services Community Paramedicine Programs from Home Health Care Provider Licensing Requirements Under Certain Circumstances. Description: An Act to Exempt Emergency Medical Services Community Paramedicine Programs from Home Health Care Provider Licensing Requirements Under Certain Circumstances
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Study the Creation of a State Employee and Legislative Child Care Center. Description: Resolve, to Study the Creation of a State Employee and Legislative Child Care Center
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Clerks to Issue Absentee Ballots After the 3rd Business Day Before Election Day to Voters with a Physical or Mental Disability and Certain Voters' Caregivers. Description: An Act to Allow Clerks to Issue Absentee Ballots After the 3rd Business Day Before Election Day to Voters with a Physical or Mental Disability and Certain Voters' Caregivers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize Vaccine Administration by Pharmacy Technicians and Reduce Vaccine Administration Training Requirements for Pharmacists. Description: An Act to Authorize Vaccine Administration by Pharmacy Technicians and Reduce Vaccine Administration Training Requirements for Pharmacists
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue to Restore Historic Community Buildings. Description: An Act to Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue to Restore Historic Community Buildings
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Duties of the Office of Affordable Health Care. Description: An Act to Amend the Duties of the Office of Affordable Health Care
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission to Study the Organization of and Service Delivery by the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission to Study the Organization of and Service Delivery by the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Validate Certain Proceedings Authorizing the Issuance of Bonds and Notes by the City of Rockland. Description: An Act to Validate Certain Proceedings Authorizing the Issuance of Bonds and Notes by the City of Rockland
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Damages Awarded for Wrongful Death. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Damages Awarded for Wrongful Death
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Remove Barriers to Abortion Coverage in Private Insurance. Description: An Act to Remove Barriers to Abortion Coverage in Private Insurance
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Require Employers to Disclose Pay Ranges and Maintain Records of Employees' Pay History. Description: An Act to Require Employers to Disclose Pay Ranges and Maintain Records of Employees' Pay History
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Commission Regarding Foreign-trained Physicians Living in Maine. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Commission Regarding Foreign-trained Physicians Living in Maine
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Assist Nursing Homes in the Management of Facility Beds. Description: An Act to Assist Nursing Homes in the Management of Facility Beds
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Plan for Adding a 3rd Option for Gender on State Forms. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Plan for Adding a 3rd Option for Gender on State Forms
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Maine Families to Increase Their Savings by Changing the Asset Limits for Eligibility for the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Program. Description: An Act to Allow Maine Families to Increase Their Savings by Changing the Asset Limits for Eligibility for the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Labor to Amend Its Rules Regarding Adjunct Faculty at Public Colleges and Universities. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Labor to Amend Its Rules Regarding Adjunct Faculty at Public Colleges and Universities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support the Distribution of Free Summer Lunches for Children. Description: An Act to Support the Distribution of Free Summer Lunches for Children
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Workers from Employer Surveillance. Description: An Act to Protect Workers from Employer Surveillance
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize Kickboxing and Muay Thai Competition Under the Combat Sports Authority of Maine. Description: An Act to Authorize Kickboxing and Muay Thai Competition Under the Combat Sports Authority of Maine
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Create a 21st-Century Electric Grid. Description: Resolve, to Create a 21st-Century Electric Grid
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Data Collection in Health Care Facilities. Description: An Act Concerning Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Data Collection in Health Care Facilities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring Water Bottle Filling Stations in New and Renovated Public Schools. Description: An Act Requiring Water Bottle Filling Stations in New and Renovated Public Schools
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Protections to Maine's Loons from Lead Poisoning by Prohibiting the Sale and Use of Certain Painted Lead Jigs. Description: An Act to Expand Protections to Maine's Loons from Lead Poisoning by Prohibiting the Sale and Use of Certain Painted Lead Jigs
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Transfer of Seized Currency to the Federal Government for Criminal Asset Forfeiture. Description: An Act Regarding the Transfer of Seized Currency to the Federal Government for Criminal Asset Forfeiture
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Align the Automobile Title Requirements with Those of Antique Automobiles. Description: An Act to Align the Automobile Title Requirements with Those of Antique Automobiles
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Establish Minimum Pay for Educational Technicians and Other School Support Staff. Description: An Act to Establish Minimum Pay for Educational Technicians and Other School Support Staff
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Align Maine's Elevator Safety Laws with Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code Standards. Description: An Act to Align Maine's Elevator Safety Laws with Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code Standards
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Task Force on Accessibility to Appropriate Communication Methods for Deaf and Hard-of-hearing Patients. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Task Force on Accessibility to Appropriate Communication Methods for Deaf and Hard-of-hearing Patients
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Maintain Legislative Oversight of the Maine Medical Use of Cannabis Program by Requiring Major Substantive Rulemaking. Description: An Act to Maintain Legislative Oversight of the Maine Medical Use of Cannabis Program by Requiring Major Substantive Rulemaking
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Pilot Project to Provide Transportation to Medically Managed Withdrawal Sites. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Pilot Project to Provide Transportation to Medically Managed Withdrawal Sites
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Facilitate Stakeholder Input Regarding Forest Policy in Maine. Description: An Act to Facilitate Stakeholder Input Regarding Forest Policy in Maine
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Enhance Access to a Second Opinion for Health Care Services or Treatment. Description: An Act to Enhance Access to a Second Opinion for Health Care Services or Treatment
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Reduce Workforce Barriers for Mental Health Professionals in Maine. Description: Resolve, to Reduce Workforce Barriers for Mental Health Professionals in Maine
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support Family Caregivers by Expanding Family Medical Leave. Description: An Act to Support Family Caregivers by Expanding Family Medical Leave
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Maine Human Rights Act Regarding Right-to-sue Letters. Description: An Act to Amend the Maine Human Rights Act Regarding Right-to-sue Letters
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Study the School Day. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Study the School Day
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Develop a So-called No Eject, No Reject Policy to Support Children Receiving Behavioral Health Services and Individuals with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism. Description: Resolve, to Develop a So-called No Eject, No Reject Policy to Support Children Receiving Behavioral Health Services and Individuals with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Access to Safe Drinking Water from Household Wells in Rural Areas by Expanding Testing. Description: An Act to Ensure Access to Safe Drinking Water from Household Wells in Rural Areas by Expanding Testing
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ban the Video Hosting Service TikTok on All State-owned Devices. Description: An Act to Ban the Video Hosting Service TikTok on All State-owned Devices
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine Regarding the Timing of Judicial Review of the Determination of the Validity of Written Petitions. Description: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine Regarding the Timing of Judicial Review of the Determination of the Validity of Written Petitions
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Payments to Recipients of Restitution. Description: An Act Regarding Payments to Recipients of Restitution
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Establish a Working Group to Review the State Board of Education's Membership, Responsibilities, Functions and Staffing. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Establish a Working Group to Review the State Board of Education's Membership, Responsibilities, Functions and Staffing
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Water Testing Related to Storage Facilities. Description: An Act Regarding Water Testing Related to Storage Facilities
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support Research, Education and Outreach Efforts at the University of Maine Cooperative Extension Tick Laboratory. Description: An Act to Support Research, Education and Outreach Efforts at the University of Maine Cooperative Extension Tick Laboratory
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Extend the Time Allowed Between a Regional School Unit Budget Meeting and a Budget Validation Referendum. Description: An Act to Extend the Time Allowed Between a Regional School Unit Budget Meeting and a Budget Validation Referendum
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Direct the University of Maine System to Study the Feasibility of Establishing a Dental Therapy Degree Program at the University of Maine at Augusta. Description: Resolve, to Direct the University of Maine System to Study the Feasibility of Establishing a Dental Therapy Degree Program at the University of Maine at Augusta
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Expand the Higher Education Tuition Waiver for Persons Who Have Resided in Foster Care. Description: An Act to Expand the Higher Education Tuition Waiver for Persons Who Have Resided in Foster Care
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Commission to Commemorate the 250th Anniversary of the Founding of the United States. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Commission to Commemorate the 250th Anniversary of the Founding of the United States
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Develop and Distribute Guidance for Diploma Options at the Arthur R. Gould School. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Develop and Distribute Guidance for Diploma Options at the Arthur R. Gould School
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require That Service of a Temporary Protection Order Be Attempted Within 48 Hours from the Issuance of the Order. Description: An Act to Require That Service of a Temporary Protection Order Be Attempted Within 48 Hours from the Issuance of the Order
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require All Uniformed Patrol Officers to Carry Naloxone Hydrochloride When on Duty. Description: An Act to Require All Uniformed Patrol Officers to Carry Naloxone Hydrochloride When on Duty
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Reimbursement for Gender-affirming Care for MaineCare Members. Description: An Act to Require Reimbursement for Gender-affirming Care for MaineCare Members
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Membership of the Rare Disease Advisory Council. Description: An Act to Amend the Membership of the Rare Disease Advisory Council
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Extend the Comparable Health Care Service Incentive Program Beyond 2023. Description: An Act to Extend the Comparable Health Care Service Incentive Program Beyond 2023
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Gambling Laws to Allow Once-annual Game Nights for Eligible Organizations and Registered Political Committees. Description: An Act to Update the Gambling Laws to Allow Once-annual Game Nights for Eligible Organizations and Registered Political Committees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Presentation of the Maine Charter School Commission's Annual Report. Description: An Act to Require Presentation of the Maine Charter School Commission's Annual Report
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish an Ad Hoc Committee to Address the Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children. Description: Resolve, To Establish an Ad Hoc Committee to Address the Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Public Sector Bargaining in Public Schools. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Public Sector Bargaining in Public Schools
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide a Cost-of-living Increase to State Retirees. Description: An Act to Provide a Cost-of-living Increase to State Retirees
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Modify Security Screenings in the State House and Implement Security Screenings in the Burton M. Cross Building. Description: Resolve, to Modify Security Screenings in the State House and Implement Security Screenings in the Burton M. Cross Building
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support Lower Home Energy Costs by Establishing a Home Energy Scoring System. Description: An Act to Support Lower Home Energy Costs by Establishing a Home Energy Scoring System
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Persons Who Lawfully Use or Possess Cannabis to Own or Possess Firearms or Ammunition. Description: An Act to Allow Persons Who Lawfully Use or Possess Cannabis to Own or Possess Firearms or Ammunition
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Review the MaineCare Hospital Readmission Protocol. Description: Resolve, to Review the MaineCare Hospital Readmission Protocol
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Lower Costs and Consumer Protections for Patients by Prohibiting Certain Billing Practices. Description: An Act to Ensure Lower Costs and Consumer Protections for Patients by Prohibiting Certain Billing Practices
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Improve the Transition to Adult Services for Children with Intellectual Disabilities and Autism Spectrum Disorder. Description: Resolve, to Improve the Transition to Adult Services for Children with Intellectual Disabilities and Autism Spectrum Disorder
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Pilot Project to Improve Access to Credit for Low-income Individuals. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Pilot Project to Improve Access to Credit for Low-income Individuals
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Provision of Liquor at Taste-testing Events Held at an Off-premises Retail Licensee's Premises. Description: An Act Regarding the Provision of Liquor at Taste-testing Events Held at an Off-premises Retail Licensee's Premises
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Term Limitations for Legislators, Constitutional Officers and the State Auditor. Description: An Act to Clarify Term Limitations for Legislators, Constitutional Officers and the State Auditor
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Municipal Taxation of Certain Solar Energy Equipment. Description: An Act Regarding Municipal Taxation of Certain Solar Energy Equipment
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Address Legislative Salaries. Description: An Act to Address Legislative Salaries
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue to Promote the Design, Development and Maintenance of Trails for Outdoor Recreation and Active Transportation. Description: An Act to Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue to Promote the Design, Development and Maintenance of Trails for Outdoor Recreation and Active Transportation
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Growth Management Program Laws. Description: An Act to Update the Growth Management Program Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Analyze Data on the Essential Programs and Services Funding Formula and Allocation Methodology. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Analyze Data on the Essential Programs and Services Funding Formula and Allocation Methodology
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Fund Free Health Clinics. Description: An Act to Fund Free Health Clinics
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Increase Support for the Community Forestry Fund. Description: An Act to Increase Support for the Community Forestry Fund
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing the Foreign Credentialing and Skills Recognition Revolving Loan Program. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing the Foreign Credentialing and Skills Recognition Revolving Loan Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reestablish Annual Reporting on Solid Waste in Maine. Description: An Act to Reestablish Annual Reporting on Solid Waste in Maine
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Directing the Bureau of General Services to Ensure Adequate Air Quality in All State-owned and State-leased Buildings. Description: An Act Directing the Bureau of General Services to Ensure Adequate Air Quality in All State-owned and State-leased Buildings
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Assess an Impact Fee on Megayachts. Description: An Act to Assess an Impact Fee on Megayachts
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Reduce Barriers to Recovery from Addiction by Expanding Eligibility for Targeted Case Management Services. Description: Resolve, to Reduce Barriers to Recovery from Addiction by Expanding Eligibility for Targeted Case Management Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Revisions to the Tax Increment Financing and Development District Laws. Description: An Act to Make Revisions to the Tax Increment Financing and Development District Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish the School Meal Equipment and Program Improvement Fund. Description: An Act to Establish the School Meal Equipment and Program Improvement Fund
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Commissioner of Economic and Community Development to Convene an Advisory Council to Improve the State's 10-year Economic Development Strategy. Description: Resolve, Directing the Commissioner of Economic and Community Development to Convene an Advisory Council to Improve the State's 10-year Economic Development Strategy
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Convene a Driver Education Working Group to Evaluate Hardships to Underserved Populations and Low-income Families. Description: Resolve, to Convene a Driver Education Working Group to Evaluate Hardships to Underserved Populations and Low-income Families
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve the Health of Maine Residents by Closing Coverage Gaps in the MaineCare Program for Incarcerated Persons. Description: An Act to Improve the Health of Maine Residents by Closing Coverage Gaps in the MaineCare Program for Incarcerated Persons
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Public Records Exceptions. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Public Records Exceptions
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Time Estimates for Responding to Public Records Requests. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Time Estimates for Responding to Public Records Requests
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Balance Renewable Energy Development with Natural and Working Lands Conservation. Description: An Act to Balance Renewable Energy Development with Natural and Working Lands Conservation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Information to Parents Involved in the Child Protective Services System and Ensure Funding in the Child Protective Services Contingency Fund. Description: An Act to Provide Information to Parents Involved in the Child Protective Services System and Ensure Funding in the Child Protective Services Contingency Fund
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Public Employees Retirement System to Study the Creation of an Interstate Compact Concerning the Windfall Elimination Provision and Government Pension Offset. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Public Employees Retirement System to Study the Creation of an Interstate Compact Concerning the Windfall Elimination Provision and Government Pension Offset
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Maine State Cemetery Preservation Commission. Description: An Act Regarding the Maine State Cemetery Preservation Commission
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Reimbursement for the Health Care Expenses of All Retired Law Enforcement, Corrections and Search and Rescue Dogs. Description: An Act to Provide Reimbursement for the Health Care Expenses of All Retired Law Enforcement, Corrections and Search and Rescue Dogs
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Increase the Provision of Children's Behavioral Health Services in Rural Areas to Provide Support for Families of Children Receiving Services. Description: Resolve, to Increase the Provision of Children's Behavioral Health Services in Rural Areas to Provide Support for Families of Children Receiving Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Secretary of State to Propose a State Calendar. Description: Resolve, Directing the Secretary of State to Propose a State Calendar
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Define Undisputed Health Insurance Claims. Description: An Act to Define Undisputed Health Insurance Claims
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Include Endangered and Threatened Species Habitat in the Definition of "Significant Wildlife Habitat" Under the Natural Resources Protection Act. Description: An Act to Include Endangered and Threatened Species Habitat in the Definition of "Significant Wildlife Habitat" Under the Natural Resources Protection Act
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure the Quality of Bottled Water. Description: An Act to Ensure the Quality of Bottled Water
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Immunity from Liability for Municipalities Engaged in Recycling Activities. Description: An Act to Clarify Immunity from Liability for Municipalities Engaged in Recycling Activities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Access to Oral Health Care by Expanding the Maine Dental Education Loan Program. Description: An Act to Increase Access to Oral Health Care by Expanding the Maine Dental Education Loan Program
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Certain School Identification Cards to Include the Telephone Number of a Suicide and Crisis Hotline. Description: An Act to Require Certain School Identification Cards to Include the Telephone Number of a Suicide and Crisis Hotline
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Establishing the Commission to Update Maine's Public Policy on Higher Education. Description: Resolve, Establishing the Commission to Update Maine's Public Policy on Higher Education
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Producer Licensure Required to Act as a Pet Insurance Producer. Description: An Act to Clarify the Producer Licensure Required to Act as a Pet Insurance Producer
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Alternative Methods of Payment to Health Care Providers. Description: An Act to Provide Alternative Methods of Payment to Health Care Providers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Ordinances Governing Residential Units Located in Buildings in a Location Zoned for Commercial Use. Description: An Act Regarding the Ordinances Governing Residential Units Located in Buildings in a Location Zoned for Commercial Use
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize Municipalities to Allow Firefighters to Have Increased Lighting on Their Personal Vehicles. Description: An Act to Authorize Municipalities to Allow Firefighters to Have Increased Lighting on Their Personal Vehicles
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Examine the Need for Intensive Case Managers and Improve Consistency Among County Jails Regarding Prisoner Attendance at Funerals, Furloughs, Visitation, Education and Discretionary Accounts. Description: An Act to Examine the Need for Intensive Case Managers and Improve Consistency Among County Jails Regarding Prisoner Attendance at Funerals, Furloughs, Visitation, Education and Discretionary Accounts
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Exempt Utility Vehicles Purchased for Qualified Commercial Fishing or Commercial Farming from State Sales Tax. Description: An Act to Exempt Utility Vehicles Purchased for Qualified Commercial Fishing or Commercial Farming from State Sales Tax
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Task Force to Study Barriers to Achieving Behavioral Health Integration and Parity. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Task Force to Study Barriers to Achieving Behavioral Health Integration and Parity
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Design and Implement a Community-based Model of Care for Adolescent Mental Health. Description: Resolve, to Design and Implement a Community-based Model of Care for Adolescent Mental Health
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Homeowners from Unfair Agreements to Exclusively List Residential Real Estate for Sale. Description: An Act to Protect Homeowners from Unfair Agreements to Exclusively List Residential Real Estate for Sale
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services to Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2023-24. Description: An Act to Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services to Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2023-24
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Legal Use or Possession of Cannabis or Marijuana Under Conditions of Bail, Pretrial Release or Probation. Description: An Act Regarding the Legal Use or Possession of Cannabis or Marijuana Under Conditions of Bail, Pretrial Release or Probation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Remote Participation. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Remote Participation
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Report on School Internet and Student Data Collection Best Practices. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Report on School Internet and Student Data Collection Best Practices
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require a Biennial Report on the Corporate Income Tax to the Joint Standing Committee Having Jurisdiction over Taxation Matters. Description: An Act to Require a Biennial Report on the Corporate Income Tax to the Joint Standing Committee Having Jurisdiction over Taxation Matters
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Modernize the Bureau of Motor Vehicles' Mobile Services. Description: An Act to Modernize the Bureau of Motor Vehicles' Mobile Services
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Funding for the Prevention and Control of Invasive Aquatic Species. Description: An Act to Increase Funding for the Prevention and Control of Invasive Aquatic Species
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect the Reproductive Freedom of Maine People by Preempting the Field of Abortion Regulation. Description: An Act to Protect the Reproductive Freedom of Maine People by Preempting the Field of Abortion Regulation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve the State's Election Laws by Amending the Laws Relating to Automatic Voter Registration. Description: An Act to Improve the State's Election Laws by Amending the Laws Relating to Automatic Voter Registration
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Permit Municipalities to Establish by Ordinance a Program for Partial Deferral of Property Taxes for Seniors. Description: An Act to Permit Municipalities to Establish by Ordinance a Program for Partial Deferral of Property Taxes for Seniors
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Director of the Bureau of Parks and Lands Within the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry to Lease Certain Land Within Somerset County. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Director of the Bureau of Parks and Lands Within the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry to Lease Certain Land Within Somerset County
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Review State Lands and Waterways That Have Sacred, Traditional or Other Significance to the Wabanaki People. Description: An Act to Review State Lands and Waterways That Have Sacred, Traditional or Other Significance to the Wabanaki People
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Composition of the Budget Advisory Committee and the Finality of the Budget in the Franklin County Budget Process. Description: An Act Regarding the Composition of the Budget Advisory Committee and the Finality of the Budget in the Franklin County Budget Process
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require the Technical Building Codes and Standards Board to Adopt the Canadian Standards Association Standard for Residential Mechanical Ventilation Systems as an Alternative Standard Under the Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code. Description: An Act to Require the Technical Building Codes and Standards Board to Adopt the Canadian Standards Association Standard for Residential Mechanical Ventilation Systems as an Alternative Standard Under the Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Impose an Expanded Prohibition on Lobbying for Former Executive Branch Employees. Description: An Act to Impose an Expanded Prohibition on Lobbying for Former Executive Branch Employees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure the Rights of Survivors of Sexual Assault. Description: An Act to Ensure the Rights of Survivors of Sexual Assault
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support Extraction of Common Minerals by Amending the Maine Metallic Mineral Mining Act. Description: An Act to Support Extraction of Common Minerals by Amending the Maine Metallic Mineral Mining Act
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Study Methods of Preventing Opioid Overdose Deaths by Authorizing Harm Reduction Health Centers. Description: Resolve, to Study Methods of Preventing Opioid Overdose Deaths by Authorizing Harm Reduction Health Centers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Address Educational Technician Shortages in Public Schools by Establishing an Alternative Certification Pathway. Description: An Act to Address Educational Technician Shortages in Public Schools by Establishing an Alternative Certification Pathway
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Fairness in Unemployment Benefits by Clarifying Laws Regarding Labor Organizations. Description: An Act to Ensure Fairness in Unemployment Benefits by Clarifying Laws Regarding Labor Organizations
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend Limits on the Direct Shipment of Wine. Description: An Act to Amend Limits on the Direct Shipment of Wine
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Workers' Compensation Self-insurance Laws to Allow for the Use of Fronting Companies. Description: An Act to Amend the Workers' Compensation Self-insurance Laws to Allow for the Use of Fronting Companies
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Employers to Shop for Competitive Health Plan Options by Expanding the Disclosure of Health Claims Information. Description: An Act to Allow Employers to Shop for Competitive Health Plan Options by Expanding the Disclosure of Health Claims Information
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Records of Disciplinary Actions Against Public Employees. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Records of Disciplinary Actions Against Public Employees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Certain Social Workers to Diagnose Organic Mental Illnesses. Description: An Act to Allow Certain Social Workers to Diagnose Organic Mental Illnesses
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding Unobligated Balances from Amounts Appropriated for General Purpose Aid for Local Schools and to Require Annual Reports on School Demographics. Description: An Act Regarding Unobligated Balances from Amounts Appropriated for General Purpose Aid for Local Schools and to Require Annual Reports on School Demographics
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Change How Adult Use Cannabis Excise Tax Is Calculated. Description: An Act to Change How Adult Use Cannabis Excise Tax Is Calculated
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Maine Insurance Code Regarding Payments by Health Insurance Carriers to Providers. Description: An Act to Amend the Maine Insurance Code Regarding Payments by Health Insurance Carriers to Providers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce Maine's Dependence on Fossil Fuels and Carbon Footprint for Energy Production Using Waste Wood Fuel. Description: An Act to Reduce Maine's Dependence on Fossil Fuels and Carbon Footprint for Energy Production Using Waste Wood Fuel
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Task Force to Study Sharing the Costs of Training First Responders Among Governmental Entities. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Task Force to Study Sharing the Costs of Training First Responders Among Governmental Entities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Enhance Reporting by Certain Agencies Regarding Greenhouse Gas Emissions. Description: An Act to Enhance Reporting by Certain Agencies Regarding Greenhouse Gas Emissions
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine Establishing That All Maine Residents Have Equal Rights Under the Law. Description: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine Establishing That All Maine Residents Have Equal Rights Under the Law
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Ensure Efficiency and Effectiveness in Maine's Licensing and Certification of Behavioral Health Services. Description: Resolve, to Ensure Efficiency and Effectiveness in Maine's Licensing and Certification of Behavioral Health Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Inform Fair Minimum Rates of Wages and Benefits in Bids for Public Contracts Using State and Federal Data. Description: An Act to Inform Fair Minimum Rates of Wages and Benefits in Bids for Public Contracts Using State and Federal Data
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Maine's Elementary and Secondary Education System by Clarifying Purposes and Procedures for Reviews of Schools. Description: An Act to Strengthen Maine's Elementary and Secondary Education System by Clarifying Purposes and Procedures for Reviews of Schools
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Provide Funds to the Maine Indian Education School District. Description: Resolve, to Provide Funds to the Maine Indian Education School District
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to End Homelessness and Assist Students Who Are Homeless by Establishing a Rental Subsidy Program. Description: An Act to End Homelessness and Assist Students Who Are Homeless by Establishing a Rental Subsidy Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Limits on Awards for Compensatory and Punitive Damages Under the Maine Human Rights Act. Description: An Act to Increase the Limits on Awards for Compensatory and Punitive Damages Under the Maine Human Rights Act
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Establish a Special Retirement Plan for Department of Corrections Employees and Other Correctional Staff. Description: An Act to Establish a Special Retirement Plan for Department of Corrections Employees and Other Correctional Staff
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Freedom of Access Protections by Allowing Remote Meetings to Be Recorded. Description: An Act to Strengthen Freedom of Access Protections by Allowing Remote Meetings to Be Recorded
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Public Utilities Commission to Provide Financial Assistance to Low-income Households in Emergency Situations. Description: An Act to Allow the Public Utilities Commission to Provide Financial Assistance to Low-income Households in Emergency Situations
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Inclusion of Demographic Data from State Agencies in the Legislative Process. Description: An Act to Increase the Inclusion of Demographic Data from State Agencies in the Legislative Process
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Standard Procedures to Protect Stalking Victims and Access to Certain Criminal Complaints. Description: An Act to Require Standard Procedures to Protect Stalking Victims and Access to Certain Criminal Complaints
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Promote Family-centered Interventions for Substance Use Disorder Treatment. Description: An Act to Promote Family-centered Interventions for Substance Use Disorder Treatment
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Enhance State Oversight of Water Use and Water Resources. Description: An Act to Enhance State Oversight of Water Use and Water Resources
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Health Insurance Options to Child Care Providers. Description: An Act to Expand Health Insurance Options to Child Care Providers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Eligibility Restrictions for Commercial Menhaden Fishing Licenses. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Eligibility Restrictions for Commercial Menhaden Fishing Licenses
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Expand Testing for Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances to Private Drinking Water Wells. Description: An Act to Expand Testing for Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances to Private Drinking Water Wells
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce Rental Housing Costs by Limiting Additional Fees at or Prior to the Commencement of Tenancy. Description: An Act to Reduce Rental Housing Costs by Limiting Additional Fees at or Prior to the Commencement of Tenancy
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Establish a Teacher Shortage Coordinator. Description: An Act to Establish a Teacher Shortage Coordinator
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Transparency and Accountability of the Maine Information and Analysis Center. Description: An Act to Increase the Transparency and Accountability of the Maine Information and Analysis Center
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Increase Affordable Housing by Expanding Tax Increment Financing. Description: An Act to Increase Affordable Housing by Expanding Tax Increment Financing
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Create a Liaison Program and Complaint Process Within the Bureau of Insurance for Independent Health Care Providers. Description: An Act to Create a Liaison Program and Complaint Process Within the Bureau of Insurance for Independent Health Care Providers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Maine Cooperative Affordable Housing Ownership Act. Description: An Act to Amend the Maine Cooperative Affordable Housing Ownership Act
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Study the Scarcity of Licensed Clinical Behavioral Health Professionals Across the State. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Study the Scarcity of Licensed Clinical Behavioral Health Professionals Across the State
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure the Accuracy of Vital Records with Respect to Gender. Description: An Act to Ensure the Accuracy of Vital Records with Respect to Gender
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Provide Grants to Promote Innovative Learning Strategies. Description: Resolve, to Provide Grants to Promote Innovative Learning Strategies
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require the Consideration of Restitution to Support a Child Whose Parent Is Killed During the Commission of a Crime. Description: An Act to Require the Consideration of Restitution to Support a Child Whose Parent Is Killed During the Commission of a Crime
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish a Pilot Program at a Community-based Organization to Provide a Transitional Living Program for Individuals Recently Released from Correctional Facilities. Description: An Act to Establish a Pilot Program at a Community-based Organization to Provide a Transitional Living Program for Individuals Recently Released from Correctional Facilities
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Blue Ribbon Commission to Study Emergency Medical Services in the State. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Blue Ribbon Commission to Study Emergency Medical Services in the State
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education and the Department of Health and Human Services to Study Placing Child Care Facilities in Schools. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education and the Department of Health and Human Services to Study Placing Child Care Facilities in Schools
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish a Qualifying Condition Review Board to Provide Benefits to Certain Service Members. Description: An Act to Establish a Qualifying Condition Review Board to Provide Benefits to Certain Service Members
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow for a Suspension of Licenses and Permits Issued Under the Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Laws for a Deferred Disposition or Written Filing Agreement. Description: An Act to Allow for a Suspension of Licenses and Permits Issued Under the Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Laws for a Deferred Disposition or Written Filing Agreement
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Provide Grants to Support Reading Proficiency Programming in Schools. Description: Resolve, to Provide Grants to Support Reading Proficiency Programming in Schools
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Promote the Community School Program. Description: An Act to Promote the Community School Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Submit a Report on Services Provided By the Child Development Services System and by School Administrative Units. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Submit a Report on Services Provided By the Child Development Services System and by School Administrative Units
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Reform the State's Adult Use Cannabis Seed-to-sale Tracking System to Allow for Canopy Tagging. Description: An Act to Reform the State's Adult Use Cannabis Seed-to-sale Tracking System to Allow for Canopy Tagging
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide for Consistent Billing Practices by Health Care Providers. Description: An Act to Provide for Consistent Billing Practices by Health Care Providers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Restore the Board of Dental Practice's Authority to Issue Letters of Guidance. Description: An Act to Restore the Board of Dental Practice's Authority to Issue Letters of Guidance
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Advance Justice in Sentencing by Amending the Laws Governing the Maine Criminal Justice Sentencing Institute. Description: An Act to Advance Justice in Sentencing by Amending the Laws Governing the Maine Criminal Justice Sentencing Institute
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Promote a Diverse, More Experienced Workforce and Ensure High-quality Careers by Increasing Registered Apprenticeship Programs. Description: An Act to Promote a Diverse, More Experienced Workforce and Ensure High-quality Careers by Increasing Registered Apprenticeship Programs
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish an Eviction Prevention Pilot Program. Description: Resolve, to Establish an Eviction Prevention Pilot Program
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit the Sale of Tobacco Products in Pharmacies and Retail Establishments Containing Pharmacies. Description: An Act to Prohibit the Sale of Tobacco Products in Pharmacies and Retail Establishments Containing Pharmacies
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Advance the State's Public Transit Systems by Reinvigorating the Public Transit Advisory Council. Description: An Act to Advance the State's Public Transit Systems by Reinvigorating the Public Transit Advisory Council
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Access to Absentee Ballot Drop Boxes. Description: An Act to Protect Access to Absentee Ballot Drop Boxes
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Financial Relief for Certain Volunteers Receiving Certain Education Benefits in Recognition of Their Volunteer Service. Description: An Act to Provide Financial Relief for Certain Volunteers Receiving Certain Education Benefits in Recognition of Their Volunteer Service
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Laws Governing Electronic Device Information as Evidence. Description: An Act to Update the Laws Governing Electronic Device Information as Evidence
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Health Insurance Coverage for Biomarker Testing. Description: An Act to Require Health Insurance Coverage for Biomarker Testing
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Adopt an Interstate Compact to Elect the President of the United States by National Popular Vote. Description: An Act to Adopt an Interstate Compact to Elect the President of the United States by National Popular Vote
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Join the Dentist and Dental Hygienist Compact. Description: An Act to Join the Dentist and Dental Hygienist Compact
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Dental Hygienists and Dental Therapists. Description: An Act Regarding Dental Hygienists and Dental Therapists
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program to Restore Benefits Reduced by the Federal Government. Description: An Act to Provide Funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program to Restore Benefits Reduced by the Federal Government
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Public Sector Labor Unions Reasonable Access to Information Regarding Employees. Description: An Act to Provide Public Sector Labor Unions Reasonable Access to Information Regarding Employees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit Profiling and to Strengthen Civil Rights in Maine. Description: An Act to Prohibit Profiling and to Strengthen Civil Rights in Maine
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Limits on Medication in Vending Machines. Description: An Act Regarding Limits on Medication in Vending Machines
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding the Mi'kmaq Nation and to Provide Parity to the Wabanaki Nations. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding the Mi'kmaq Nation and to Provide Parity to the Wabanaki Nations
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding Environmental Justice. Description: An Act Regarding Environmental Justice
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Reestablish the Criminal Records Review Committee. Description: Resolve, to Reestablish the Criminal Records Review Committee
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Procedure for Amending the Birth Certificate of an Adult to Recognize a Parent Not Known or Listed at the Time of Birth. Description: An Act to Clarify the Procedure for Amending the Birth Certificate of an Adult to Recognize a Parent Not Known or Listed at the Time of Birth
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen the Teaching of Wabanaki Studies in Maine Schools. Description: An Act to Strengthen the Teaching of Wabanaki Studies in Maine Schools
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Permit the Expenditure of Accumulated Tax Increment Revenues. Description: An Act to Permit the Expenditure of Accumulated Tax Increment Revenues
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Make Changes to the Farm and Open Space Tax Law. Description: An Act to Make Changes to the Farm and Open Space Tax Law
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 119: Motor Vehicle Fuel Volatility Requirements, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 119: Motor Vehicle Fuel Volatility Requirements, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Recommendations for Changing Place Names in the State. Description: An Act Regarding Recommendations for Changing Place Names in the State
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Staffing for Ongoing Study Commissions During Legislative Sessions and to Support the Work of the Legislature. Description: An Act to Provide Staffing for Ongoing Study Commissions During Legislative Sessions and to Support the Work of the Legislature
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Maine's Agriculture, Food and Forest Economy by Funding the Maine Agriculture, Food and Forest Products Investment Fund and Amending Related Provisions of Law. Description: An Act to Strengthen Maine's Agriculture, Food and Forest Economy by Funding the Maine Agriculture, Food and Forest Products Investment Fund and Amending Related Provisions of Law
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Establishing a Working Group to Coordinate Collaboration Among State Agencies for the Purpose of Promoting Smart Growth and Development in High-use Corridors. Description: Resolve, Establishing a Working Group to Coordinate Collaboration Among State Agencies for the Purpose of Promoting Smart Growth and Development in High-use Corridors
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require and Encourage Safe and Interconnected Transportation. Description: An Act to Require and Encourage Safe and Interconnected Transportation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry to Study and Report on Soil Carbon Sequestration Incentive Programs. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry to Study and Report on Soil Carbon Sequestration Incentive Programs
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Maine Indian Tribal-State Commission. Description: An Act Regarding the Maine Indian Tribal-State Commission
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Create the Maine Experiential Education Program. Description: An Act to Create the Maine Experiential Education Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide for Civil Recovery Based on Nonconsensual Removal of or Tampering with a Condom and Considering Sexual Assault in Evaluating Parental Rights. Description: An Act to Provide for Civil Recovery Based on Nonconsensual Removal of or Tampering with a Condom and Considering Sexual Assault in Evaluating Parental Rights
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Invest in the Health and Wellness of Older Maine Residents by Expanding Coordinated Community Programming. Description: An Act to Invest in the Health and Wellness of Older Maine Residents by Expanding Coordinated Community Programming
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Reestablish and Continue the Work of the Blue Ribbon Commission to Study Emergency Medical Services in the State. Description: Resolve, to Reestablish and Continue the Work of the Blue Ribbon Commission to Study Emergency Medical Services in the State
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Maine Equal Pay Law by Prohibiting Pay Discrimination Based on Race. Description: An Act to Amend the Maine Equal Pay Law by Prohibiting Pay Discrimination Based on Race
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Incarcerated Individuals and Legislative Apportionment. Description: An Act Regarding Incarcerated Individuals and Legislative Apportionment
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Statewide Laws Regarding Affordable Housing and Accessory Dwelling Units. Description: An Act to Clarify Statewide Laws Regarding Affordable Housing and Accessory Dwelling Units
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Elevator and Tramway Safety Laws Regarding Construction Hoists. Description: An Act to Update the Elevator and Tramway Safety Laws Regarding Construction Hoists
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Commission to Improve Tenant-Landlord Relationships and Maximize the Use of Housing Vouchers. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Commission to Improve Tenant-Landlord Relationships and Maximize the Use of Housing Vouchers
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding Driver's Licenses for Individuals in Foster Care. Description: An Act Regarding Driver's Licenses for Individuals in Foster Care
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update Electrical Education and Other Licensure Requirements for Electricians. Description: An Act to Update Electrical Education and Other Licensure Requirements for Electricians
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Create a Sustainable Funding Source for Recovery Community Centers Using a Percentage of the Adult Use Cannabis Tax Revenue. Description: An Act to Create a Sustainable Funding Source for Recovery Community Centers Using a Percentage of the Adult Use Cannabis Tax Revenue
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Encourage Participation in Maine's Essential Support Workforce Through Access to Higher Education. Description: An Act to Encourage Participation in Maine's Essential Support Workforce Through Access to Higher Education
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement Changes to the Laws Relating to Judicial Separation and Divorce Regarding Preliminary Injunctions as Recommended by the Family Law Advisory Commission. Description: An Act to Implement Changes to the Laws Relating to Judicial Separation and Divorce Regarding Preliminary Injunctions as Recommended by the Family Law Advisory Commission
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the General Assistance Program. Description: An Act Regarding the General Assistance Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Advance the National HIV/AIDS Strategy in Maine by Broadening HIV Testing. Description: An Act to Advance the National HIV/AIDS Strategy in Maine by Broadening HIV Testing
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Property Tax Relief for Veterans and Their Survivors. Description: An Act to Expand Property Tax Relief for Veterans and Their Survivors
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Extend Development District Tax Increment Financing Districts. Description: An Act to Extend Development District Tax Increment Financing Districts
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect a Patient's Access to Affordable Health Care with Timely Access to Health Care Prices. Description: An Act to Protect a Patient's Access to Affordable Health Care with Timely Access to Health Care Prices
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Enhance the Use of Critical Incident Stress Management Teams and to Require Peer Team Support. Description: An Act to Enhance the Use of Critical Incident Stress Management Teams and to Require Peer Team Support
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support Public Health by Clarifying Authorized Activities Regarding Drug Checking. Description: An Act to Support Public Health by Clarifying Authorized Activities Regarding Drug Checking
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require the University of Maine to Provide Education Regarding Meat and Poultry Processing. Description: An Act to Require the University of Maine to Provide Education Regarding Meat and Poultry Processing
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the MaineCare Rate Determination Requirements. Description: An Act to Clarify the MaineCare Rate Determination Requirements
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Concerning Students Who Experience Educational Disruption Due to Temporary or Permanent Changes Where They Live. Description: An Act Concerning Students Who Experience Educational Disruption Due to Temporary or Permanent Changes Where They Live
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Board of Pesticides Control to Transition to Electronic Submission of Pesticides Sales and Use Data. Description: Resolve, Directing the Board of Pesticides Control to Transition to Electronic Submission of Pesticides Sales and Use Data
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding Speedy Trials. Description: An Act Regarding Speedy Trials
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Increase the State's Share of the Cost of Health Insurance for Retired Teachers. Description: An Act to Increase the State's Share of the Cost of Health Insurance for Retired Teachers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish a Clean Hydrogen Pilot Program. Description: An Act to Establish a Clean Hydrogen Pilot Program
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Prevent Youth Involvement in the Juvenile Justice System by Establishing a Strength-based, Discretionary Juvenile Needs Assessment Program. Description: An Act to Prevent Youth Involvement in the Juvenile Justice System by Establishing a Strength-based, Discretionary Juvenile Needs Assessment Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Continue Case Management Services for the Homeless Opioid Users Service Engagement Pilot Project Within the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, to Continue Case Management Services for the Homeless Opioid Users Service Engagement Pilot Project Within the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Governor's Advisory Council on Military Sexual Trauma. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Governor's Advisory Council on Military Sexual Trauma
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Repeal and Replace the Charter of the Boothbay-Boothbay Harbor Community School District. Description: An Act to Repeal and Replace the Charter of the Boothbay-Boothbay Harbor Community School District
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry to Convene a Stakeholder Group Tasked with a Comprehensive Overhaul and Modernization of the State Subdivision Statutes. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry to Convene a Stakeholder Group Tasked with a Comprehensive Overhaul and Modernization of the State Subdivision Statutes
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife's Report on Boater Safety Education. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife's Report on Boater Safety Education
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the State Tax Laws. Description: An Act to Amend the State Tax Laws
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Expand the Maine Historic Rehabilitation Credit and Establish a Weatherization Tax Credit. Description: An Act to Expand the Maine Historic Rehabilitation Credit and Establish a Weatherization Tax Credit
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce Mercury in the Environment by Phasing Out Certain Fluorescent Light Bulbs. Description: An Act to Reduce Mercury in the Environment by Phasing Out Certain Fluorescent Light Bulbs
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Penalties for Violations of the Law Governing Monopolies and Profiteering. Description: An Act to Increase Penalties for Violations of the Law Governing Monopolies and Profiteering
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Continue the Study of Community Paramedicine and to Make Changes Related to Health Insurance Coverage and Prior Authorization Requirements for Certain Ambulance Service Providers. Description: An Act to Continue the Study of Community Paramedicine and to Make Changes Related to Health Insurance Coverage and Prior Authorization Requirements for Certain Ambulance Service Providers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Definition of "Educational Institution" Under the Maine Human Rights Act to Include Single-sex Educational Institutions. Description: An Act to Amend the Definition of "Educational Institution" Under the Maine Human Rights Act to Include Single-sex Educational Institutions
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Office of Tribal-State Affairs. Description: An Act to Establish the Office of Tribal-State Affairs
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require the State to Notify Indian Tribes and Indian Nations When New Laws Are Enacted That Need to Be Certified. Description: An Act to Require the State to Notify Indian Tribes and Indian Nations When New Laws Are Enacted That Need to Be Certified
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Insurance Coverage for Diagnostic and Supplemental Breast Examinations. Description: An Act Regarding Insurance Coverage for Diagnostic and Supplemental Breast Examinations
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Increase Oral Health Services. Description: An Act to Increase Oral Health Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Name a Bridge in the Town of Bremen the Kitty Breskin Memorial Bridge. Description: Resolve, to Name a Bridge in the Town of Bremen the Kitty Breskin Memorial Bridge
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support Emergency Housing Construction and Renovation Statewide by Creating a Matching Grant Program. Description: An Act to Support Emergency Housing Construction and Renovation Statewide by Creating a Matching Grant Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Office of Tax Policy to Study Maine's Mining Excise Tax. Description: Resolve, Directing the Office of Tax Policy to Study Maine's Mining Excise Tax
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Study the Establishment of a Public Option Health Benefit Plan. Description: Resolve, to Study the Establishment of a Public Option Health Benefit Plan
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Public Safety Health and Wellness Grant Pilot Program. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Public Safety Health and Wellness Grant Pilot Program
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Access to Newly Born Male Infant Circumcision by Requiring MaineCare Coverage. Description: An Act to Ensure Access to Newly Born Male Infant Circumcision by Requiring MaineCare Coverage
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Facilitate the Provision of Medically Appropriate Levels of Care for Clients of Correctional Facilities. Description: An Act to Facilitate the Provision of Medically Appropriate Levels of Care for Clients of Correctional Facilities
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Community Housing Production Program. Description: An Act to Establish the Community Housing Production Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Name 2 Brooks in the Town of Orient. Description: Resolve, to Name 2 Brooks in the Town of Orient
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce the Number of Children Living in Deep Poverty by Adjusting Assistance for Low-income Families. Description: An Act to Reduce the Number of Children Living in Deep Poverty by Adjusting Assistance for Low-income Families
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Align Laws Governing Crossbow Hunting with Those Governing Archery Hunting. Description: An Act to Align Laws Governing Crossbow Hunting with Those Governing Archery Hunting
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Adult Use Cannabis Laws. Description: An Act to Amend the Adult Use Cannabis Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Compensation Fees and Related Conservation Efforts to Protect Soils and Wildlife and Fisheries Habitat from Solar and Wind Energy Development and High-impact Electric Transmission Lines Under the Site Location of Development Laws. Description: An Act Regarding Compensation Fees and Related Conservation Efforts to Protect Soils and Wildlife and Fisheries Habitat from Solar and Wind Energy Development and High-impact Electric Transmission Lines Under the Site Location of Development Laws
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Require the Office of Tax Policy to Study the Adoption of a Pass-through Entity Income Tax. Description: Resolve, to Require the Office of Tax Policy to Study the Adoption of a Pass-through Entity Income Tax
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Create an Advisory Council to Oversee the Review and Technical Revision of the Maine Criminal Code and Other Statutes Establishing Criminal Offenses. Description: Resolve, to Create an Advisory Council to Oversee the Review and Technical Revision of the Maine Criminal Code and Other Statutes Establishing Criminal Offenses
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Enable Confirmatory Adoption. Description: An Act to Enable Confirmatory Adoption
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Enact the Safe Cosmetics Act. Description: An Act to Enact the Safe Cosmetics Act
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Modernize Maine's Beverage Container Redemption Law. Description: An Act to Modernize Maine's Beverage Container Redemption Law
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify and Improve the Laws Relating to the Background Check Center and the Maine Certified Nursing Assistant and Direct Care Worker Registry. Description: An Act to Clarify and Improve the Laws Relating to the Background Check Center and the Maine Certified Nursing Assistant and Direct Care Worker Registry
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Impose a Moratorium on New Point Source Waste Discharge Licenses on the Lower Presumpscot River. Description: An Act to Impose a Moratorium on New Point Source Waste Discharge Licenses on the Lower Presumpscot River
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Protect Consumers by Licensing Home Building Contractors. Description: An Act to Protect Consumers by Licensing Home Building Contractors
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Authorize the Exchange of Interest in Certain Lands Owned by the State in Piscataquis County. Description: Resolve, to Authorize the Exchange of Interest in Certain Lands Owned by the State in Piscataquis County
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Foster Stable and Affordable Home Ownership in Mobile Home Parks by Amending the Laws Relating to the Sale of Mobile Home Parks. Description: An Act to Foster Stable and Affordable Home Ownership in Mobile Home Parks by Amending the Laws Relating to the Sale of Mobile Home Parks
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Broadband Internet Access Service Providers to Prorate Customer Bills. Description: An Act to Require Broadband Internet Access Service Providers to Prorate Customer Bills
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Debt Limit of the Limerick Water District. Description: An Act to Increase the Debt Limit of the Limerick Water District
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Improve the Coordination and Delivery of Planning Grants and Technical Assistance to Communities in Maine. Description: Resolve, to Improve the Coordination and Delivery of Planning Grants and Technical Assistance to Communities in Maine
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Promote Workforce Development by Establishing a Workforce Development Program. Description: An Act to Promote Workforce Development by Establishing a Workforce Development Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Certified Nurse Practitioners to Provide In-home Care Without a Home Health Care Provider License. Description: An Act to Allow Certified Nurse Practitioners to Provide In-home Care Without a Home Health Care Provider License
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Transportation of Hazardous Materials by Railroad Companies. Description: An Act Regarding the Transportation of Hazardous Materials by Railroad Companies
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Maine Food Sovereignty Act. Description: An Act to Amend the Maine Food Sovereignty Act
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the State's Data Governance Program. Description: An Act to Amend the State's Data Governance Program
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Hospitals to Provide Accessible Financial Assistance for Medical Care. Description: An Act to Require Hospitals to Provide Accessible Financial Assistance for Medical Care
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Optometrists. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Optometrists
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Evaluate the Effectiveness of Programs Within the Department of Corrections That Prepare Correctional Facility Residents for Employment and Self-sufficiency Upon Release from Incarceration. Description: Resolve, to Evaluate the Effectiveness of Programs Within the Department of Corrections That Prepare Correctional Facility Residents for Employment and Self-sufficiency Upon Release from Incarceration
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Surplus Lines Insurance Tax. Description: An Act Regarding Surplus Lines Insurance Tax
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Commission to Evaluate the Requirements for Licensing of Social Workers. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Commission to Evaluate the Requirements for Licensing of Social Workers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Change the Taxation of Rental Tangible Personal Property to Make It Consistent with the Predominant Method in Other States' Rental Industry Laws for Sales and Use Tax. Description: An Act to Change the Taxation of Rental Tangible Personal Property to Make It Consistent with the Predominant Method in Other States' Rental Industry Laws for Sales and Use Tax
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the African American and Wabanaki Studies Advisory Council and Provide Funding to Support African American Studies and Wabanaki Studies. Description: Resolve, to Establish the African American and Wabanaki Studies Advisory Council and Provide Funding to Support African American Studies and Wabanaki Studies
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Grants to Schools That Contract for Behavioral and Mental Health Services. Description: An Act to Provide Grants to Schools That Contract for Behavioral and Mental Health Services
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Criminal Jurisdiction of Tribal Courts and to Extend the Time for the Penobscot Nation to Certify Its Agreement to Public Law 2023, Chapter 369. Description: An Act Regarding the Criminal Jurisdiction of Tribal Courts and to Extend the Time for the Penobscot Nation to Certify Its Agreement to Public Law 2023, Chapter 369
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Correct Inconsistencies, Conflicts and Errors in the Laws of Maine. Description: An Act to Correct Inconsistencies, Conflicts and Errors in the Laws of Maine
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit Early Termination Fees for Residential Electric Generation Service Contracts. Description: An Act to Prohibit Early Termination Fees for Residential Electric Generation Service Contracts
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Fund Collective Bargaining Agreements with Executive Branch Employees. Description: An Act to Fund Collective Bargaining Agreements with Executive Branch Employees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 301: Fee Schedule and Administrative Procedures for Payment of Court or Commission Assigned Counsel, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Commission on Indigent Legal Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 301: Fee Schedule and Administrative Procedures for Payment of Court or Commission Assigned Counsel, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Commission on Indigent Legal Services
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Laws Governing Education in the Unorganized Territory. Description: An Act to Update the Laws Governing Education in the Unorganized Territory
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Add the State of Maine to the Compact for Licensing Physician Assistants. Description: An Act to Add the State of Maine to the Compact for Licensing Physician Assistants
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update Air Quality Health Warnings. Description: An Act to Update Air Quality Health Warnings
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish Training and Certification Standards for Probation and Parole Officers. Description: An Act to Establish Training and Certification Standards for Probation and Parole Officers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Placement of Certain Defendants Found Incompetent to Stand Trial. Description: An Act Regarding the Placement of Certain Defendants Found Incompetent to Stand Trial
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Expenditure Limit for Informal Bidding Processes and Update References to the Office of Procurement Services. Description: An Act to Increase the Expenditure Limit for Informal Bidding Processes and Update References to the Office of Procurement Services
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Content of Notices Provided with Respect to Tax Liens on Certain Property. Description: An Act to Amend the Content of Notices Provided with Respect to Tax Liens on Certain Property
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Safety for Child Welfare Services Workers. Description: An Act to Increase Safety for Child Welfare Services Workers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Accreditation Options for Laboratories That Conduct Blood-alcohol or Drug Testing. Description: An Act to Expand Accreditation Options for Laboratories That Conduct Blood-alcohol or Drug Testing
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Duties of Bail Commissioners. Description: An Act Regarding the Duties of Bail Commissioners
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Additional Moose Hunting Opportunities for Maine Youth Experiencing Critical Illnesses. Description: An Act to Provide Additional Moose Hunting Opportunities for Maine Youth Experiencing Critical Illnesses
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Exempt Buildings Used to Cultivate Crops from the Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code. Description: An Act to Exempt Buildings Used to Cultivate Crops from the Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Exclude Certain Operating Under the Influence Crimes from the Immunity Provisions That Are Triggered When Law Enforcement Is Called for a Suspected Overdose. Description: An Act to Exclude Certain Operating Under the Influence Crimes from the Immunity Provisions That Are Triggered When Law Enforcement Is Called for a Suspected Overdose
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Delay Implementation of Electronic Visit Verification for Hospice Providers Within the MaineCare Program. Description: An Act to Delay Implementation of Electronic Visit Verification for Hospice Providers Within the MaineCare Program
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Designating Route 127 in Arrowsic the Private Merwin A. Delano, Jr. Memorial Highway. Description: Resolve, Designating Route 127 in Arrowsic the Private Merwin A. Delano, Jr. Memorial Highway
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require the State Board of Examiners of Psychologists and the Board of Examiners in Physical Therapy to Obtain Fingerprint-based Federal Bureau of Investigation Criminal Background Checks for Applicants for Licensure. Description: An Act to Require the State Board of Examiners of Psychologists and the Board of Examiners in Physical Therapy to Obtain Fingerprint-based Federal Bureau of Investigation Criminal Background Checks for Applicants for Licensure
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Compliance with Environmental Permit and License Application Requirements. Description: An Act Regarding Compliance with Environmental Permit and License Application Requirements
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Enact the Interstate Social Work Licensure Compact. Description: An Act to Enact the Interstate Social Work Licensure Compact
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Processing of Applications Under the Natural Resources Protection Act to Ensure Consistency with Shoreland Zoning Laws. Description: An Act Regarding Processing of Applications Under the Natural Resources Protection Act to Ensure Consistency with Shoreland Zoning Laws
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend Licensing Requirements for Landscape Architects. Description: An Act to Amend Licensing Requirements for Landscape Architects
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Director of the Bureau of Parks and Lands to Convey Peacock Beach State Park to the Town of Richmond. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Director of the Bureau of Parks and Lands to Convey Peacock Beach State Park to the Town of Richmond
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Real Estate Appraisers and Appraisal Management Companies. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Real Estate Appraisers and Appraisal Management Companies
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Laws Governing Disclosure of Wood Processing Data. Description: An Act to Clarify the Laws Governing Disclosure of Wood Processing Data
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Certain Advisory Councils and Boards Related to the Department of Marine Resources. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Certain Advisory Councils and Boards Related to the Department of Marine Resources
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend Maine's Aquaculture Leasing Laws. Description: An Act to Amend Maine's Aquaculture Leasing Laws
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Liability Under the Uncontrolled Hazardous Substance Site Law and to Waive a Fee Regarding Voluntary Response Action Plans. Description: An Act to Clarify Liability Under the Uncontrolled Hazardous Substance Site Law and to Waive a Fee Regarding Voluntary Response Action Plans
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Continue the Arrearage Management Program for Low-income Residential Electricity Customers. Description: An Act to Continue the Arrearage Management Program for Low-income Residential Electricity Customers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Exempt from Excise Tax Vehicles of Active Duty Service Members Deployed Out-of-state. Description: An Act to Exempt from Excise Tax Vehicles of Active Duty Service Members Deployed Out-of-state
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Study the Role of Natural Gas in an Equitable Clean Energy Transition for Maine. Description: Resolve, to Study the Role of Natural Gas in an Equitable Clean Energy Transition for Maine
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Increase Participation by the Department of Health and Human Services Regarding Federal Benefits for Which Children in the Custody of the Department May Be Eligible. Description: An Act to Increase Participation by the Department of Health and Human Services Regarding Federal Benefits for Which Children in the Custody of the Department May Be Eligible
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Create a Universal Exclusion List for All Forms of Gambling in the State. Description: An Act to Create a Universal Exclusion List for All Forms of Gambling in the State
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend a Notice Provision Regarding Registration of Out-of-state Child Custody Determinations Under the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act. Description: An Act to Amend a Notice Provision Regarding Registration of Out-of-state Child Custody Determinations Under the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Task Force to Study the Creation of a System to Allow for the Voluntary Waiver of Firearm Rights. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Task Force to Study the Creation of a System to Allow for the Voluntary Waiver of Firearm Rights
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Fund the Delivery of Educational Services to Children with Special Needs as Required by State and Federal Law in Special Purpose Private Preschools. Description: An Act to Fund the Delivery of Educational Services to Children with Special Needs as Required by State and Federal Law in Special Purpose Private Preschools
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Address Chronic Understaffing of State Government Positions. Description: An Act to Address Chronic Understaffing of State Government Positions
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Eligibility of an Off-track Betting Facility to Receive Funding. Description: An Act to Clarify the Eligibility of an Off-track Betting Facility to Receive Funding
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Alzheimer's Disease and Other Dementias Advisory Council Within the Department of Health and Human Services and to Require a State Plan to Address Alzheimer's Disease and Other Dementias. Description: An Act to Establish the Alzheimer's Disease and Other Dementias Advisory Council Within the Department of Health and Human Services and to Require a State Plan to Address Alzheimer's Disease and Other Dementias
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Relating to Delegation of Nursing Activities and Tasks to Unlicensed Assistive Personnel by Registered Professional Nurses. Description: An Act Relating to Delegation of Nursing Activities and Tasks to Unlicensed Assistive Personnel by Registered Professional Nurses
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish a Statewide Sexual Assault Forensic Examination Kit Tracking System and Conduct an Inventory of Existing Forensic Examination Kits in the Possession of Law Enforcement. Description: An Act to Establish a Statewide Sexual Assault Forensic Examination Kit Tracking System and Conduct an Inventory of Existing Forensic Examination Kits in the Possession of Law Enforcement
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit Unauthorized Paramilitary Training. Description: An Act to Prohibit Unauthorized Paramilitary Training
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support Extended Learning Opportunities. Description: An Act to Support Extended Learning Opportunities
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand the Use of Career and Technical Education Centers in the Development of the Electrician Workforce. Description: An Act to Expand the Use of Career and Technical Education Centers in the Development of the Electrician Workforce
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Responsibility for Activities Intended to Increase the Use of Refillable and Reusable Beverage Containers. Description: An Act Regarding Responsibility for Activities Intended to Increase the Use of Refillable and Reusable Beverage Containers
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Financial Support for Shelters for Unhoused Individuals and Establish a Stakeholder Group to Develop a 10-year Plan to Address the Root Causes of Homelessness. Description: An Act to Provide Financial Support for Shelters for Unhoused Individuals and Establish a Stakeholder Group to Develop a 10-year Plan to Address the Root Causes of Homelessness
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Enhance Protections for and Better Address Invasive Aquatic Plant Infestations in Inland Waters of the State. Description: An Act to Enhance Protections for and Better Address Invasive Aquatic Plant Infestations in Inland Waters of the State
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Correct Outdated References in and Relating to the Maine Human Rights Act. Description: An Act to Correct Outdated References in and Relating to the Maine Human Rights Act
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Exempt from Sales Tax the Sale and Delivery of All Residential Electricity. Description: An Act to Exempt from Sales Tax the Sale and Delivery of All Residential Electricity
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Property Tax Relief by Increasing the Availability of the Property Tax Fairness Credit for Resident Individuals Who Are 65 Years of Age or Older with Annual Income at or Below $36,000. Description: An Act to Provide Property Tax Relief by Increasing the Availability of the Property Tax Fairness Credit for Resident Individuals Who Are 65 Years of Age or Older with Annual Income at or Below $36,000
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Add Members to the Maine Semiquincentennial Commission and Set the Compensation Rate for Commission Members. Description: Resolve, to Add Members to the Maine Semiquincentennial Commission and Set the Compensation Rate for Commission Members
In 2024, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit Certain Municipalities from Adopting Moratoria on Emergency Shelters. Description: An Act to Prohibit Certain Municipalities from Adopting Moratoria on Emergency Shelters
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Change the Requirement for Edible Cannabis Products to Be Stamped or Embossed on Each Serving with a Universal Symbol. Description: An Act to Change the Requirement for Edible Cannabis Products to Be Stamped or Embossed on Each Serving with a Universal Symbol
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Direct Shipment Reporting and to Allow for the Use of Fulfillment Providers for the Direct Shipment of Wine. Description: An Act to Expand Direct Shipment Reporting and to Allow for the Use of Fulfillment Providers for the Direct Shipment of Wine
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Constitutional Officers to Complete Harassment Training. Description: An Act to Require Constitutional Officers to Complete Harassment Training
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Equitable Compensation of Certain Board Members. Description: An Act to Allow Equitable Compensation of Certain Board Members
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify MaineCare Copayments. Description: An Act to Clarify MaineCare Copayments
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Corrections and Updates to the Laws Affecting Children and Families. Description: An Act to Make Corrections and Updates to the Laws Affecting Children and Families
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize the Provision of Emergency Medical Treatment for Certain Dogs. Description: An Act to Authorize the Provision of Emergency Medical Treatment for Certain Dogs
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Improve the Housing Voucher System and Reduce the Number of Voucher Expirations. Description: Resolve, to Improve the Housing Voucher System and Reduce the Number of Voucher Expirations
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Technical Corrections to the Maine Juvenile Code, the Maine Criminal Code and the Intelligence and Investigative Record Information Act. Description: An Act to Make Technical Corrections to the Maine Juvenile Code, the Maine Criminal Code and the Intelligence and Investigative Record Information Act
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 270: Uniform Reporting System for Quality Data Sets, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 270: Uniform Reporting System for Quality Data Sets, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Establish a Grant Program to Increase Postsecondary Educational Opportunities for Students with Intellectual or Developmental Disabilities or Autism Spectrum Disorder. Description: An Act to Establish a Grant Program to Increase Postsecondary Educational Opportunities for Students with Intellectual or Developmental Disabilities or Autism Spectrum Disorder
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 355: Coastal Sand Dune Rules, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 355: Coastal Sand Dune Rules, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 29: Allowances for Support Services for Adults with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism Spectrum Disorder, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 29: Allowances for Support Services for Adults with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism Spectrum Disorder, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 20: Rules for the Licensure of Adult Use Cannabis Establishments, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Office of Cannabis Policy. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 20: Rules for the Licensure of Adult Use Cannabis Establishments, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Office of Cannabis Policy
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 64: Maine School Facilities Program and School Revolving Renovation Fund, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education and the Maine Municipal Bond Bank. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 64: Maine School Facilities Program and School Revolving Renovation Fund, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education and the Maine Municipal Bond Bank
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: Maine Unified Special Education Regulation Birth to Age Twenty-Two, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: Maine Unified Special Education Regulation Birth to Age Twenty-Two, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 61: State Board of Education Rules for Major Capital School Construction Projects, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education, State Board of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 61: State Board of Education Rules for Major Capital School Construction Projects, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education, State Board of Education
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 132: Learning Results: Parameters for Essential Instruction, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 132: Learning Results: Parameters for Essential Instruction, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 9: Rules Governing Administrative Civil Money Penalties for Labor Law Violations, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Standards. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 9: Rules Governing Administrative Civil Money Penalties for Labor Law Violations, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Standards
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 2: Medical Use of Cannabis Program Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Office of Cannabis Policy. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 2: Medical Use of Cannabis Program Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Office of Cannabis Policy
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 30: Compliance Rules for Adult Use Cannabis Establishments, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Office of Cannabis Policy. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 30: Compliance Rules for Adult Use Cannabis Establishments, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Office of Cannabis Policy
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 10: Rules for the Administration of the Adult Use Cannabis Program, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Office of Cannabis Policy. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 10: Rules for the Administration of the Adult Use Cannabis Program, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Office of Cannabis Policy
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 26: Producer Margins, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Milk Commission. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 26: Producer Margins, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Milk Commission
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 41: Special Restrictions on Pesticide Use, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Board of Pesticides Control. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 41: Special Restrictions on Pesticide Use, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Board of Pesticides Control
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2025. Description: An Act to Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2025
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Ensure That the Independent Commission to Investigate the Facts of the Tragedy in Lewiston Has Necessary Authority to Discharge Its Fact-finding Mission. Description: Resolve, to Ensure That the Independent Commission to Investigate the Facts of the Tragedy in Lewiston Has Necessary Authority to Discharge Its Fact-finding Mission
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Authorize the Chief Justice of the Supreme Judicial Court to Arrange the Constitution of Maine to Incorporate Amendments Approved at the November 2023 Referendum. Description: Resolve, to Authorize the Chief Justice of the Supreme Judicial Court to Arrange the Constitution of Maine to Incorporate Amendments Approved at the November 2023 Referendum
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Develop a Grant Program to Provide Career Exploration Opportunities to Youth in the Community. Description: An Act to Develop a Grant Program to Provide Career Exploration Opportunities to Youth in the Community
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Health Insurance Coverage for Federally Approved Nonprescription Oral Hormonal Contraceptives and Nonprescription Emergency Contraceptives. Description: An Act to Require Health Insurance Coverage for Federally Approved Nonprescription Oral Hormonal Contraceptives and Nonprescription Emergency Contraceptives
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Direct the Governor's Energy Office to Conduct a Study Regarding the Future of Electric Transmission Infrastructure in the State. Description: Resolve, to Direct the Governor's Energy Office to Conduct a Study Regarding the Future of Electric Transmission Infrastructure in the State
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services to Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2024-25. Description: An Act to Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services to Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2024-25
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Removing the Lobster Advisory Council from the State Government Evaluation Act Review Requirements. Description: An Act Removing the Lobster Advisory Council from the State Government Evaluation Act Review Requirements
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Cap on Bonds Issued by the Maine State Housing Authority to Reflect Current Housing Production Needs in the State. Description: An Act to Increase the Cap on Bonds Issued by the Maine State Housing Authority to Reflect Current Housing Production Needs in the State
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish a Civil Rights Unit Within the Office of the Attorney General and Require Enhanced Ongoing Civil Rights Training for Civil Rights Officers. Description: An Act to Establish a Civil Rights Unit Within the Office of the Attorney General and Require Enhanced Ongoing Civil Rights Training for Civil Rights Officers
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding Quality of Care and the Board of Trustees at the Maine Veterans' Homes. Description: An Act Regarding Quality of Care and the Board of Trustees at the Maine Veterans' Homes
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Maine's Agriculture, Food System and Forest Products Infrastructure Investment. Description: An Act to Strengthen Maine's Agriculture, Food System and Forest Products Infrastructure Investment
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, General Fund and Other Funds and to Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025. Description: An Act to Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, General Fund and Other Funds and to Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Right to Know Advisory Committee Regarding Public Records Exceptions. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Right to Know Advisory Committee Regarding Public Records Exceptions
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Start Date of the September Upland Game Season. Description: An Act to Amend the Start Date of the September Upland Game Season
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Remove the Age-related Statutory Prerequisite for Sealing Criminal History Record Information. Description: An Act to Remove the Age-related Statutory Prerequisite for Sealing Criminal History Record Information
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the State Board of Education to Amend Chapter 115: The Credentialing of Education Personnel, a Major Substantive Rule of the State Board of Education. Description: Resolve, Directing the State Board of Education to Amend Chapter 115: The Credentialing of Education Personnel, a Major Substantive Rule of the State Board of Education
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing a State Calendar for the State of Maine. Description: An Act Establishing a State Calendar for the State of Maine
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funding to Rebuild Infrastructure Affected by Extreme Inland and Coastal Weather Events. Description: An Act to Provide Funding to Rebuild Infrastructure Affected by Extreme Inland and Coastal Weather Events
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 213: Rules for the Salmonella Enteritidis Risk Reduction and Surveillance Program for Commercial Egg-type Flocks, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 213: Rules for the Salmonella Enteritidis Risk Reduction and Surveillance Program for Commercial Egg-type Flocks, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 80: Reduction of Toxics in Packaging, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 80: Reduction of Toxics in Packaging, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Wabanaki Veterans Memorial. Description: An Act to Establish the Wabanaki Veterans Memorial
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, Highway Fund and Other Funds and to Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025. Description: An Act to Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, Highway Fund and Other Funds and to Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Limit Public Access to or Dissemination of Electronic Citation and Electronic Warning Information. Description: An Act to Limit Public Access to or Dissemination of Electronic Citation and Electronic Warning Information
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 255: Workers' Compensation Fronting Companies, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation, Bureau of Insurance. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 255: Workers' Compensation Fronting Companies, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation, Bureau of Insurance
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Telephone Solicitors to Use the Reassigned Numbers Database. Description: An Act to Require Telephone Solicitors to Use the Reassigned Numbers Database
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, the State Court Administrator and the Executive Director of the Legislative Council to Add a 3rd Option for Gender on State Forms. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, the State Court Administrator and the Executive Director of the Legislative Council to Add a 3rd Option for Gender on State Forms
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand the List of Crimes Eligible for a Post-judgment Motion to Seal Criminal History Record Information to Include Convictions for Possession and Cultivation of Marijuana. Description: An Act to Expand the List of Crimes Eligible for a Post-judgment Motion to Seal Criminal History Record Information to Include Convictions for Possession and Cultivation of Marijuana
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Public Safety, Health and Well-being by Expanding Services and Coordinating Violence Prevention Resources. Description: An Act to Strengthen Public Safety, Health and Well-being by Expanding Services and Coordinating Violence Prevention Resources
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Eliminate Inactive Boards and Commissions. Description: An Act to Eliminate Inactive Boards and Commissions
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce the Reporting Requirements for Special Utility Districts and to Repeal the Maine Public Utility Financing Bank Act. Description: An Act to Reduce the Reporting Requirements for Special Utility Districts and to Repeal the Maine Public Utility Financing Bank Act
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Mining Excise Tax Laws. Description: An Act to Amend the Mining Excise Tax Laws
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Criminal Records Review Commission. Description: An Act to Establish the Criminal Records Review Commission
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Reestablish the Task Force on Accessibility to Appropriate Communication Methods for Deaf and Hard-of-hearing Patients. Description: Resolve, to Reestablish the Task Force on Accessibility to Appropriate Communication Methods for Deaf and Hard-of-hearing Patients
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Emergency One-time Relief from the Wild Blueberry Tax for Growers. Description: An Act to Provide Emergency One-time Relief from the Wild Blueberry Tax for Growers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding New Motor Vehicle Emissions Rules. Description: An Act Regarding New Motor Vehicle Emissions Rules
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Process for the Sale of Foreclosed Properties Due to Nonpayment of Taxes. Description: An Act to Amend the Process for the Sale of Foreclosed Properties Due to Nonpayment of Taxes
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Fund Military Sexual Trauma Liaison Positions at Community-based Organizations. Description: An Act to Fund Military Sexual Trauma Liaison Positions at Community-based Organizations
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement Recommendations Resulting from the State Government Evaluation Act Review of the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation. Description: An Act to Implement Recommendations Resulting from the State Government Evaluation Act Review of the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation
In 2024, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Restoration and Protection of Coastal Sand Dune Systems and Permitting of an Offshore Wind Terminal on Sears Island. Description: An Act Regarding Restoration and Protection of Coastal Sand Dune Systems and Permitting of an Offshore Wind Terminal on Sears Island
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Commission Regarding Foreign-trained Physicians Living in Maine to Establish a Sponsorship Program for Foreign-trained Physicians. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Commission Regarding Foreign-trained Physicians Living in Maine to Establish a Sponsorship Program for Foreign-trained Physicians
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Related to Airboats and Airboat Noise Limits. Description: An Act Related to Airboats and Airboat Noise Limits
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Funding for the Snowmobile Trail Fund and the ATV Recreational Management Fund. Description: An Act to Increase Funding for the Snowmobile Trail Fund and the ATV Recreational Management Fund
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Commissioner of Administrative and Financial Services to Convey by Sale the Interests of the State in 3 Properties Located in Biddeford, Sanford and York. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Commissioner of Administrative and Financial Services to Convey by Sale the Interests of the State in 3 Properties Located in Biddeford, Sanford and York
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reconvene a Driver Education Working Group to Evaluate Hardships to Underserved Populations and Low-income Families. Description: An Act to Reconvene a Driver Education Working Group to Evaluate Hardships to Underserved Populations and Low-income Families
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement Recommendations in the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife's Report on Wake Boats. Description: An Act to Implement Recommendations in the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife's Report on Wake Boats
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Establish the Commission to Study School Construction Policy and Funding. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education to Establish the Commission to Study School Construction Policy and Funding
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Education Policy Research Institute to Review Certain Components of General Purpose Aid for Local Schools and the Essential Programs and Services Funding Formula. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Education Policy Research Institute to Review Certain Components of General Purpose Aid for Local Schools and the Essential Programs and Services Funding Formula
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Correct Inconsistencies, Conflicts and Errors in the Laws of Maine. Description: An Act to Correct Inconsistencies, Conflicts and Errors in the Laws of Maine
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Approving the 2024 Draft and Arrangement of the Constitution of Maine Incorporating Amendments Approved at Referendum in 2023 and Providing for Its Publication and Distribution. Description: Resolve, Approving the 2024 Draft and Arrangement of the Constitution of Maine Incorporating Amendments Approved at Referendum in 2023 and Providing for Its Publication and Distribution
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Designating Maine Turnpike Approach Road in South Portland as Samantha Smith Way. Description: Resolve, Designating Maine Turnpike Approach Road in South Portland as Samantha Smith Way
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Impede the Transfer of Firearms to Prohibited Persons. Description: An Act to Impede the Transfer of Firearms to Prohibited Persons
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit Certain Open Burning Under a Red Flag Warning and Regulate Recreational Campfires. Description: An Act to Prohibit Certain Open Burning Under a Red Flag Warning and Regulate Recreational Campfires
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Indigenous Peoples Free Access to State Parks. Description: An Act to Provide Indigenous Peoples Free Access to State Parks
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Align Maine's Lead Abatement Law with Federal Definitions and to Clarify Lead Abatement Licensing and Certification Requirements. Description: An Act to Align Maine's Lead Abatement Law with Federal Definitions and to Clarify Lead Abatement Licensing and Certification Requirements
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Streamline Rulemaking for Revisions to Screening Levels for the Solid Waste Beneficial Use Program. Description: An Act to Streamline Rulemaking for Revisions to Screening Levels for the Solid Waste Beneficial Use Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Statutory Fee for Defensive Driving Courses. Description: An Act to Increase the Statutory Fee for Defensive Driving Courses
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Commissioner of Transportation to Reduce Speed Limits at Construction Sites with Input from Municipalities and Utilities. Description: An Act to Allow the Commissioner of Transportation to Reduce Speed Limits at Construction Sites with Input from Municipalities and Utilities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Maine State Grant Program. Description: An Act to Update the Maine State Grant Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish Adult Protective Services Training Requirements for Professionals Mandated to Report Suspected Abuse, Neglect or Exploitation to Enhance Protection of Incapacitated and Dependent Adults. Description: An Act to Establish Adult Protective Services Training Requirements for Professionals Mandated to Report Suspected Abuse, Neglect or Exploitation to Enhance Protection of Incapacitated and Dependent Adults
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Corrections to the Maine Insurance Code. Description: An Act to Make Corrections to the Maine Insurance Code
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Maine Juvenile Code. Description: An Act to Amend the Maine Juvenile Code
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Liberty and Advance Justice in the Administration and Enforcement of the Cannabis Legalization Act and the Maine Medical Use of Cannabis Act. Description: An Act to Protect Liberty and Advance Justice in the Administration and Enforcement of the Cannabis Legalization Act and the Maine Medical Use of Cannabis Act
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Training for Corrections Officers. Description: An Act Regarding Training for Corrections Officers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Rename the Bridge Between Bingham and Concord Township on Route 16 the Jason Dore Memorial Bridge. Description: Resolve, to Rename the Bridge Between Bingham and Concord Township on Route 16 the Jason Dore Memorial Bridge
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Prevent Retaliatory Evictions. Description: An Act to Prevent Retaliatory Evictions
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Statutory Balance Limit on the Finance Authority of Maine's Loan Insurance Reserves. Description: An Act to Amend the Statutory Balance Limit on the Finance Authority of Maine's Loan Insurance Reserves
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Law Governing Licensing Actions of the Emergency Medical Services' Board. Description: An Act to Amend the Law Governing Licensing Actions of the Emergency Medical Services' Board
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize the Deorganization of Drew Plantation. Description: An Act to Authorize the Deorganization of Drew Plantation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Responsibilities of the Clean-up and Response Fund Review Board. Description: An Act to Update the Responsibilities of the Clean-up and Response Fund Review Board
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify State Policy Regarding Cannabis Paraphernalia in the Maine Medical Use of Cannabis Act and the Cannabis Legalization Act. Description: An Act to Clarify State Policy Regarding Cannabis Paraphernalia in the Maine Medical Use of Cannabis Act and the Cannabis Legalization Act
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Third-party Liability Requirements for the MaineCare Program. Description: An Act to Strengthen Third-party Liability Requirements for the MaineCare Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Technical Amendments to Banking Laws. Description: An Act to Make Technical Amendments to Banking Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Minors from Exploitation by Adults for Violation of Privacy. Description: An Act to Protect Minors from Exploitation by Adults for Violation of Privacy
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Continuity of Care for Pretrial Defendants. Description: An Act to Ensure Continuity of Care for Pretrial Defendants
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Electric Vehicle Rebate Program and to Establish a Pilot Program to Support the Uptake of Medium Duty and Heavy Duty Zero-emission Vehicles. Description: An Act to Update the Electric Vehicle Rebate Program and to Establish a Pilot Program to Support the Uptake of Medium Duty and Heavy Duty Zero-emission Vehicles
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Remove the Limit on Sets of Special Veterans Registration Plates. Description: An Act to Remove the Limit on Sets of Special Veterans Registration Plates
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Direct the University of Maine System to Study the Feasibility of Establishing a Public Allopathic Medical School in Penobscot County. Description: Resolve, to Direct the University of Maine System to Study the Feasibility of Establishing a Public Allopathic Medical School in Penobscot County
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify and Correct Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Laws. Description: An Act to Clarify and Correct Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Laws
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Require Health Insurance Carriers to Provide Coverage for Blood Testing for Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances. Description: An Act to Require Health Insurance Carriers to Provide Coverage for Blood Testing for Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Include a Representative of Newspaper and Other Press Interests on the Archives Advisory Board and to Require the Member Representing a Historical Society to Have Expertise in Archival Records. Description: An Act to Include a Representative of Newspaper and Other Press Interests on the Archives Advisory Board and to Require the Member Representing a Historical Society to Have Expertise in Archival Records
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Handling Fee for Beverage Containers Reimbursed to Dealers and Redemption Centers. Description: An Act to Increase the Handling Fee for Beverage Containers Reimbursed to Dealers and Redemption Centers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Assessment of Penalties for Tattoo Artists, Body Piercers, Electrologists and Micropigmentation Practitioners and to Change Requirements for the Approval of Public Pool and Spa Plans. Description: An Act to Clarify Assessment of Penalties for Tattoo Artists, Body Piercers, Electrologists and Micropigmentation Practitioners and to Change Requirements for the Approval of Public Pool and Spa Plans
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Certain Raffles Conducted by Eligible Organizations. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Certain Raffles Conducted by Eligible Organizations
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Incentive Continuity Following a Catastrophic Occurrence Under the Pine Tree Development Zone and Major Food Processing and Manufacturing Facility Expansion Tax Credit Programs. Description: An Act to Allow Incentive Continuity Following a Catastrophic Occurrence Under the Pine Tree Development Zone and Major Food Processing and Manufacturing Facility Expansion Tax Credit Programs
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Requiring Progress Reports from the Department of Health and Human Services Regarding the Implementation of Secure Children's Psychiatric Residential Treatment Facility Services. Description: Resolve, Requiring Progress Reports from the Department of Health and Human Services Regarding the Implementation of Secure Children's Psychiatric Residential Treatment Facility Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide for the 2023 and 2024 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds. Description: An Act to Provide for the 2023 and 2024 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Reduce the Benefit Penalty Imposed on Teachers Who Retire After 35 Years of Service. Description: An Act to Reduce the Benefit Penalty Imposed on Teachers Who Retire After 35 Years of Service
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funding for Prosecutor Positions. Description: An Act to Provide Funding for Prosecutor Positions
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Eliminate the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Resource Fund and to Provide Needs-based Low-income Assistance. Description: An Act to Eliminate the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Resource Fund and to Provide Needs-based Low-income Assistance
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Include an Expanded Archery Permit in the Super Pack License Issued by the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife. Description: An Act to Include an Expanded Archery Permit in the Super Pack License Issued by the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update and Clarify the Public Utilities Commission's Reporting Requirements. Description: An Act to Update and Clarify the Public Utilities Commission's Reporting Requirements
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Permanent the Ability of Certain Retailers and Distilleries to Sell Liquor for Off-premises Consumption and Cocktails for On-premises Consumption. Description: An Act to Make Permanent the Ability of Certain Retailers and Distilleries to Sell Liquor for Off-premises Consumption and Cocktails for On-premises Consumption
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Requirements for Adult Use Cannabis Stores to Transact Sales at Specified Events. Description: An Act to Clarify the Requirements for Adult Use Cannabis Stores to Transact Sales at Specified Events
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Create a Working Group to Study Motor Vehicle Dealer Display Area and Licensing Requirements. Description: Resolve, to Create a Working Group to Study Motor Vehicle Dealer Display Area and Licensing Requirements
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Safe Access to Schools by Implementing Interlocking Door Controller Technology. Description: An Act to Ensure Safe Access to Schools by Implementing Interlocking Door Controller Technology
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Reimbursement for Travel-related Expenses Incurred as a Result of the Performance of Legislative Duties. Description: An Act to Update the Reimbursement for Travel-related Expenses Incurred as a Result of the Performance of Legislative Duties
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing Maine Emergency Medical Services to Convene a Stakeholder Group to Explore Emergency Medical Services Career Pathways and Educational Opportunities in the State. Description: Resolve, Directing Maine Emergency Medical Services to Convene a Stakeholder Group to Explore Emergency Medical Services Career Pathways and Educational Opportunities in the State
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Replacement Candidates Under the Maine Clean Election Act. Description: An Act Regarding Replacement Candidates Under the Maine Clean Election Act
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funds for Comprehensive Family Life Education Services. Description: An Act to Provide Funds for Comprehensive Family Life Education Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Campaign Finance Reports. Description: An Act Regarding Campaign Finance Reports
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Add Electric Bicycles to the Electric Vehicle Rebate Program. Description: An Act to Add Electric Bicycles to the Electric Vehicle Rebate Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Designate Granitic Pegmatite as the Maine State Rock. Description: An Act to Designate Granitic Pegmatite as the Maine State Rock
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Delay the Repeal of the Law Governing the Sale of Pari-Mutuel Pools for Simulcast Harness Racing. Description: An Act to Delay the Repeal of the Law Governing the Sale of Pari-Mutuel Pools for Simulcast Harness Racing
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Game Wardens to Transfer Retirement Service, Allow Certain Employees of Participating Local Districts to Purchase Service Credit and Allow Transfer of Membership from the State Employee Retirement Plan to Another Plan. Description: An Act to Allow Game Wardens to Transfer Retirement Service, Allow Certain Employees of Participating Local Districts to Purchase Service Credit and Allow Transfer of Membership from the State Employee Retirement Plan to Another Plan
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funding for Programs Benefiting Maine Farmers. Description: An Act to Provide Funding for Programs Benefiting Maine Farmers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Labor to Submit a Report on the Employment of Minors. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Labor to Submit a Report on the Employment of Minors
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Designate the Route 170 Bridge Located in Webster Plantation the Gary "Swampy" Worster Memorial Bridge. Description: Resolve, to Designate the Route 170 Bridge Located in Webster Plantation the Gary "Swampy" Worster Memorial Bridge
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend Maine's Underground Oil Storage Tank Laws. Description: An Act to Amend Maine's Underground Oil Storage Tank Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support the Maine Multicultural Center. Description: An Act to Support the Maine Multicultural Center
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Transparency in Public Utility Advertising Expenditures. Description: An Act to Require Transparency in Public Utility Advertising Expenditures
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Maine Ratepayers with Equitable Access to Interconnection of Distributed Generation Resources. Description: An Act to Provide Maine Ratepayers with Equitable Access to Interconnection of Distributed Generation Resources
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Legal Representation for Residents Facing Eviction. Description: An Act Regarding Legal Representation for Residents Facing Eviction
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Name a Bridge in the Town of Canaan After Staff Sergeant Richard Gerald Salsbury. Description: Resolve, to Name a Bridge in the Town of Canaan After Staff Sergeant Richard Gerald Salsbury
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funds Necessary for the Production and Delivery of Election Materials by the Secretary of State and to Reconvene the Working Group to Study Polling Places at Schools. Description: An Act to Provide Funds Necessary for the Production and Delivery of Election Materials by the Secretary of State and to Reconvene the Working Group to Study Polling Places at Schools
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Improve Educator Certification Response Times. Description: An Act to Improve Educator Certification Response Times
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Access to Birth Control by Making Certain Contraception Accessible from a Pharmacist. Description: An Act to Increase Access to Birth Control by Making Certain Contraception Accessible from a Pharmacist
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding the Use of Licensed Professional Engineers on Certain Public Works Projects. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding the Use of Licensed Professional Engineers on Certain Public Works Projects
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Eliminate the Cannabis Advisory Commission. Description: An Act to Eliminate the Cannabis Advisory Commission
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Coverage for Retired County and Municipal Law Enforcement Officers and Municipal Firefighters Under the State Employer Group Health Plan. Description: An Act to Clarify Coverage for Retired County and Municipal Law Enforcement Officers and Municipal Firefighters Under the State Employer Group Health Plan
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Enforcement and Accountability for Wage Violations. Description: An Act to Increase Enforcement and Accountability for Wage Violations
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Environmental Protection to Examine Regulatory Requirements for Outdoor Wood Boilers. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Environmental Protection to Examine Regulatory Requirements for Outdoor Wood Boilers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Rename Bridges in the Towns of Limerick, Hiram and Limington. Description: Resolve, to Rename Bridges in the Towns of Limerick, Hiram and Limington
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Direct the Department of Transportation to Implement the Recommendations of the Mountain Division Rail Use Advisory Council. Description: Resolve, to Direct the Department of Transportation to Implement the Recommendations of the Mountain Division Rail Use Advisory Council
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding False Public Alarms or Reports and Aggravated False Public Alarms or Reports. Description: An Act Regarding False Public Alarms or Reports and Aggravated False Public Alarms or Reports
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Provision of Notice of Proposed Rate Increases to Public Utility Customers. Description: An Act to Clarify the Provision of Notice of Proposed Rate Increases to Public Utility Customers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Nonalcoholic Sparkling Cider to Be Sold in Maine. Description: An Act to Allow Nonalcoholic Sparkling Cider to Be Sold in Maine
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue for Research and Development and Commercialization. Description: An Act to Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue for Research and Development and Commercialization
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Health Insurance Coverage for Specialized Risk Screening for First Responders and Other Public Safety Professionals. Description: An Act to Require Health Insurance Coverage for Specialized Risk Screening for First Responders and Other Public Safety Professionals
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Apply for a Waiver from the Federal Government for the Medicaid Limitation on Payment to a Facility with More Than 16 Inpatient Beds for Psychiatric Treatment. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Apply for a Waiver from the Federal Government for the Medicaid Limitation on Payment to a Facility with More Than 16 Inpatient Beds for Psychiatric Treatment
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Update Allowable Limits on Mortuary Trusts for the Purposes of MaineCare Eligibility. Description: Resolve, to Update Allowable Limits on Mortuary Trusts for the Purposes of MaineCare Eligibility
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support Higher Education in Maine by Providing Funds to Maine's Community Colleges. Description: An Act to Support Higher Education in Maine by Providing Funds to Maine's Community Colleges
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Transparent and Accountable Temporary Nurse Agencies. Description: An Act to Ensure Transparent and Accountable Temporary Nurse Agencies
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support the Safe Use of Bicycles and Roller Skis. Description: An Act to Support the Safe Use of Bicycles and Roller Skis
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Remote Participation in Public Proceedings. Description: An Act Regarding Remote Participation in Public Proceedings
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update the Procedures for Issuance of Orders Related to Involuntary Hospitalizations. Description: An Act to Update the Procedures for Issuance of Orders Related to Involuntary Hospitalizations
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Private Ways and Private Roads. Description: An Act Regarding Private Ways and Private Roads
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Designating the Desert of Maine Overpass the Matthew MacMillan Overpass. Description: Resolve, Designating the Desert of Maine Overpass the Matthew MacMillan Overpass
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Licensing Fees for Small Slot Machine Distributors. Description: An Act Regarding Licensing Fees for Small Slot Machine Distributors
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Update Reimbursement Rates for Transportation of Deceased Persons by Funeral Homes. Description: An Act to Update Reimbursement Rates for Transportation of Deceased Persons by Funeral Homes
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Environmental Protection to Review Regulation of Waste Discharge from Finfish Aquaculture Facilities. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Environmental Protection to Review Regulation of Waste Discharge from Finfish Aquaculture Facilities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Net Energy Billing Laws to Direct Expiring Net Energy Billing Credits to Provide Low-income Assistance. Description: An Act to Amend the Net Energy Billing Laws to Direct Expiring Net Energy Billing Credits to Provide Low-income Assistance
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect the Public Health by Allowing the Appointment of Associate Health Officers. Description: An Act to Protect the Public Health by Allowing the Appointment of Associate Health Officers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify That Haulers Are Under the Jurisdiction of the Logging Dispute Resolution Board. Description: An Act to Clarify That Haulers Are Under the Jurisdiction of the Logging Dispute Resolution Board
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Promote Student Enrollment and Degree Completion in the University of Maine System by Providing Tuition Waivers to Eligible Students. Description: An Act to Promote Student Enrollment and Degree Completion in the University of Maine System by Providing Tuition Waivers to Eligible Students
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding Overtime Protections for Certain Salaried Employees. Description: An Act Regarding Overtime Protections for Certain Salaried Employees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Maine's System for Protecting Sixth Amendment Rights. Description: An Act to Improve Maine's System for Protecting Sixth Amendment Rights
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funding for Sexual Assault Services. Description: An Act to Provide Funding for Sexual Assault Services
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funding for the Fund to Address Food Insecurity and Provide Nutrition Incentives. Description: An Act to Provide Funding for the Fund to Address Food Insecurity and Provide Nutrition Incentives
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Adjutant General to Sell the Houlton Armory. Description: An Act to Allow the Adjutant General to Sell the Houlton Armory
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Facilitate Communication Between Pro Se Defendants and Prosecutors While Protecting the Rights of Those Defendants. Description: An Act to Facilitate Communication Between Pro Se Defendants and Prosecutors While Protecting the Rights of Those Defendants
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Increase Availability and Security of Election Information on Government Websites. Description: An Act to Increase Availability and Security of Election Information on Government Websites
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support Farmland Conservation. Description: An Act to Support Farmland Conservation
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Improve Family Court Procedure. Description: An Act to Improve Family Court Procedure
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Assist Municipal Shellfish Conservation Programs. Description: An Act to Assist Municipal Shellfish Conservation Programs
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Enhance Certain Penalties for Possession of Firearms by Prohibited Persons. Description: An Act to Enhance Certain Penalties for Possession of Firearms by Prohibited Persons
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Increase Residential Care and Nursing Facility Residents' Personal Needs Allowances Under the MaineCare Program. Description: Resolve, to Increase Residential Care and Nursing Facility Residents' Personal Needs Allowances Under the MaineCare Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Promote Public Safety and Retain Essential First Responders by Funding the Maine Length of Service Award Program. Description: An Act to Promote Public Safety and Retain Essential First Responders by Funding the Maine Length of Service Award Program
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure That the Maine Electric Grid Provides Additional Benefits to Maine Ratepayers. Description: An Act to Ensure That the Maine Electric Grid Provides Additional Benefits to Maine Ratepayers
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Require the State to Pay Medicare Premiums for Certain Retired State Employees. Description: An Act to Require the State to Pay Medicare Premiums for Certain Retired State Employees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Law Governing MaineCare Coverage of Chiropractic Treatment. Description: An Act to Amend the Law Governing MaineCare Coverage of Chiropractic Treatment
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Review the Resource Parent Bill of Rights. Description: Resolve, to Review the Resource Parent Bill of Rights
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Companion Animal Sterilization Program in the Maine Revised Statutes. Description: An Act to Establish the Companion Animal Sterilization Program in the Maine Revised Statutes
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Exempt Certain Conservation Lots from Municipal Subdivision Review. Description: An Act to Exempt Certain Conservation Lots from Municipal Subdivision Review
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Promote Water Conservation and Water Quality and Create Habitat for Wildlife, Including Pollinator Species, by Protecting Low-impact Landscaping. Description: An Act to Promote Water Conservation and Water Quality and Create Habitat for Wildlife, Including Pollinator Species, by Protecting Low-impact Landscaping
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Standards for Manufactured Housing to Comply with United States Department of Housing and Urban Development Standards. Description: An Act to Amend the Standards for Manufactured Housing to Comply with United States Department of Housing and Urban Development Standards
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Reinstatement of Certain Commercial Driver's Licenses. Description: An Act to Allow the Reinstatement of Certain Commercial Driver's Licenses
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Maine Commission on Public Defense Services and Establish Public Defender Offices for Aroostook, Penobscot and Piscataquis Counties. Description: An Act to Establish the Maine Commission on Public Defense Services and Establish Public Defender Offices for Aroostook, Penobscot and Piscataquis Counties
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Office of Policy Innovation and the Future to Study Methods to Encourage the Development of Accessory Dwelling Units. Description: Resolve, Directing the Office of Policy Innovation and the Future to Study Methods to Encourage the Development of Accessory Dwelling Units
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Facilitate the Management of Wastewater Treatment Plant Sludge at the State-owned Juniper Ridge Landfill. Description: An Act to Facilitate the Management of Wastewater Treatment Plant Sludge at the State-owned Juniper Ridge Landfill
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Eligibility for Supervised Community Confinement for Prisoners with a Prognosis Likely to Result in an Incapacitating Medical Condition. Description: An Act to Expand Eligibility for Supervised Community Confinement for Prisoners with a Prognosis Likely to Result in an Incapacitating Medical Condition
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expedite the Health Insurance Referral Process for Specialists by Allowing Referrals During Urgent Care Visits. Description: An Act to Expedite the Health Insurance Referral Process for Specialists by Allowing Referrals During Urgent Care Visits
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Opportunities for the Development or Preservation of Low-income Housing. Description: An Act to Increase Opportunities for the Development or Preservation of Low-income Housing
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Political Action Committees Relating to Union, Business and Nonprofit Organizations. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Political Action Committees Relating to Union, Business and Nonprofit Organizations
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Licensing of Persons to Conduct Advance Deposit Wagering. Description: An Act Regarding the Licensing of Persons to Conduct Advance Deposit Wagering
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit Off-trail Operation of a Snowmobile in an Area Closed to Off-trail Operation. Description: An Act to Prohibit Off-trail Operation of a Snowmobile in an Area Closed to Off-trail Operation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require the State to Hold a Public Hearing in a Municipality Before the State Constructs a Solar Project in That Municipality. Description: An Act to Require the State to Hold a Public Hearing in a Municipality Before the State Constructs a Solar Project in That Municipality
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Criteria for State Approval of Alcoholic Beverage Container Labels. Description: An Act to Clarify the Criteria for State Approval of Alcoholic Beverage Container Labels
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit Certain Training Repayment Agreements by Employers. Description: An Act to Prohibit Certain Training Repayment Agreements by Employers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Reporting of Adult Name Changes by the Probate Courts to the State Bureau of Identification. Description: An Act Regarding the Reporting of Adult Name Changes by the Probate Courts to the State Bureau of Identification
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Powers of a Conservator to Transfer Property. Description: An Act to Clarify the Powers of a Conservator to Transfer Property
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Access to Banking Services for Minors. Description: An Act to Expand Access to Banking Services for Minors
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Retired Teachers and Educational Technicians to Be Recertified. Description: An Act to Allow Retired Teachers and Educational Technicians to Be Recertified
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine-Canadian Legislative Advisory Commission and the New England and Eastern Canada Legislative Commission to Examine Restoring Passenger Rail from Boston to Montreal. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine-Canadian Legislative Advisory Commission and the New England and Eastern Canada Legislative Commission to Examine Restoring Passenger Rail from Boston to Montreal
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Promote Higher Blends of Biofuel by Regulating the Sale or Transfer of Biofuels. Description: An Act to Promote Higher Blends of Biofuel by Regulating the Sale or Transfer of Biofuels
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Limit Changes to the Resource Coordination Agreement Between the Bureau of State Police and the Penobscot County Sheriff's Department and Require Annual Reporting Regarding Resource Coordination Agreements. Description: An Act to Limit Changes to the Resource Coordination Agreement Between the Bureau of State Police and the Penobscot County Sheriff's Department and Require Annual Reporting Regarding Resource Coordination Agreements
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Review Telemonitoring and Certain Telehealth Services Reimbursed under MaineCare. Description: Resolve, to Review Telemonitoring and Certain Telehealth Services Reimbursed under MaineCare
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Signature Requirements on Issuance of General Obligation Bonds. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Signature Requirements on Issuance of General Obligation Bonds
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure That Effective Dates of First Special Session Direct Initiatives of Legislation Will Occur After the November 2023 Election. Description: An Act to Ensure That Effective Dates of First Special Session Direct Initiatives of Legislation Will Occur After the November 2023 Election
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish an Exception to the Hearsay Rule for Forensic Interviews of a Protected Person. Description: An Act to Establish an Exception to the Hearsay Rule for Forensic Interviews of a Protected Person
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Uniform Protections from Retaliation for Maine Workers in Connection with the Exercise of Rights Protected Under the Laws Governing Employment Practices. Description: An Act to Provide Uniform Protections from Retaliation for Maine Workers in Connection with the Exercise of Rights Protected Under the Laws Governing Employment Practices
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Reduce the Enrollment Requirement for Minor Political Parties That Seek Official Party Status. Description: An Act to Reduce the Enrollment Requirement for Minor Political Parties That Seek Official Party Status
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Limit Retroactive Application of Land Use Ordinances to Pending Permit Applications That Propose Housing. Description: An Act to Limit Retroactive Application of Land Use Ordinances to Pending Permit Applications That Propose Housing
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Access by Parties and Attorneys to Records in Child and Adult Protection Proceedings. Description: An Act to Ensure Access by Parties and Attorneys to Records in Child and Adult Protection Proceedings
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require the Maine State Housing Authority to Report to the Legislature on the Housing Opportunities for Maine Fund. Description: An Act to Require the Maine State Housing Authority to Report to the Legislature on the Housing Opportunities for Maine Fund
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require and Standardize Labeling of Water Treatment Equipment. Description: An Act to Require and Standardize Labeling of Water Treatment Equipment
In 2024, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act to Create a Separate Department of Child and Family Services. Description: An Act to Create a Separate Department of Child and Family Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support Statewide Economic Opportunities Through Strategic Investments of Property and Funds, Including Emergency Relief Funds. Description: An Act to Support Statewide Economic Opportunities Through Strategic Investments of Property and Funds, Including Emergency Relief Funds
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Certain Private Emergency Services Personnel from Liability Under the Maine Tort Claims Act. Description: An Act to Protect Certain Private Emergency Services Personnel from Liability Under the Maine Tort Claims Act
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Create the New Maine Resident Service Coordination Program in the Department of Economic and Community Development. Description: An Act to Create the New Maine Resident Service Coordination Program in the Department of Economic and Community Development
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Dental Licensure for Charitable Care. Description: An Act Regarding Dental Licensure for Charitable Care
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support the Maintenance, Preservation and Promotion of Historic Sites. Description: An Act to Support the Maintenance, Preservation and Promotion of Historic Sites
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Assess, Develop, Implement and Fund the Reuse of Existing Facilities at Dorothea Dix Psychiatric Center. Description: Resolve, to Assess, Develop, Implement and Fund the Reuse of Existing Facilities at Dorothea Dix Psychiatric Center
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Provisions of the Maine Good Samaritan Law. Description: An Act to Clarify Provisions of the Maine Good Samaritan Law
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Roles and Responsibilities of the Board of Environmental Protection. Description: An Act to Clarify the Roles and Responsibilities of the Board of Environmental Protection
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Undesignated Ready-to-use Glucagon Rescue Therapies in Schools. Description: An Act Regarding Undesignated Ready-to-use Glucagon Rescue Therapies in Schools
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Extend the Protections of the Maine Civil Rights Act to Actions That Cause Emotional Distress or Fear of Violence. Description: An Act to Extend the Protections of the Maine Civil Rights Act to Actions That Cause Emotional Distress or Fear of Violence
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Freedom of Speech Protections by Enacting the Uniform Public Expression Protection Act. Description: An Act to Strengthen Freedom of Speech Protections by Enacting the Uniform Public Expression Protection Act
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Support for the Maine Discovery Museum's Informal Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics Education Programs Throughout the State. Description: An Act to Provide Support for the Maine Discovery Museum's Informal Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics Education Programs Throughout the State
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Continue the Department of Education Diploma Program Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic. Description: An Act to Continue the Department of Education Diploma Program Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Cybersecurity in Maine. Description: An Act to Increase Cybersecurity in Maine
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Place Restrictions on Candidate Speech and Clothing, Buttons and Other Items at Voting Places. Description: An Act to Place Restrictions on Candidate Speech and Clothing, Buttons and Other Items at Voting Places
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve School Safety and Preparedness Through Comprehensive Health and Safety and Emergency Management Planning. Description: An Act to Improve School Safety and Preparedness Through Comprehensive Health and Safety and Emergency Management Planning
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Legislative Membership of the Hancock County Budget Advisory Committee. Description: An Act to Amend the Legislative Membership of the Hancock County Budget Advisory Committee
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Licensure in the Field of Emergency Medical Services. Description: An Act Regarding Licensure in the Field of Emergency Medical Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Temporary Transfers of Elver Fishing Quotas for Medical Reasons. Description: An Act Regarding Temporary Transfers of Elver Fishing Quotas for Medical Reasons
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Local Foods Fund for Public Schools to Be Used for Processed and Value-added Maine Food Products. Description: An Act to Allow the Local Foods Fund for Public Schools to Be Used for Processed and Value-added Maine Food Products
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Required Disclosure of Personally Identifying Information for Certain Nominating Petitions. Description: An Act to Clarify Required Disclosure of Personally Identifying Information for Certain Nominating Petitions
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Disclosure of Present and Future Costs to Maine Electricity Consumers. Description: An Act to Improve Disclosure of Present and Future Costs to Maine Electricity Consumers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Provide Legislative Approval of the Transmission Project Selected by the Public Utilities Commission Pursuant to the Northern Maine Renewable Energy Development Program. Description: Resolve, to Provide Legislative Approval of the Transmission Project Selected by the Public Utilities Commission Pursuant to the Northern Maine Renewable Energy Development Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Baileyville Utilities District to Disconnect Water Service for a Customer's Failure to Pay for Sewer Service Provided by the Town of Baileyville. Description: An Act to Allow the Baileyville Utilities District to Disconnect Water Service for a Customer's Failure to Pay for Sewer Service Provided by the Town of Baileyville
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Passing Stationary Motor Vehicles on Public Ways. Description: An Act Regarding Passing Stationary Motor Vehicles on Public Ways
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require All Emergency Medical Services Persons to Be Trained to Administer and Dispense Naloxone Hydrochloride. Description: An Act to Require All Emergency Medical Services Persons to Be Trained to Administer and Dispense Naloxone Hydrochloride
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Disclosure of Death Certificate Data to Hospitals and Health Care Practitioners. Description: An Act to Allow the Disclosure of Death Certificate Data to Hospitals and Health Care Practitioners
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Provide Additional Funding to the Maine Veterans' Homes. Description: Resolve, to Provide Additional Funding to the Maine Veterans' Homes
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Public Utilities Commission to Initiate a Proceeding to Explore Strategies to Procure Standard-offer Service in a Manner that Promotes the Stability of Residential Standard-offer Rates. Description: Resolve, Directing the Public Utilities Commission to Initiate a Proceeding to Explore Strategies to Procure Standard-offer Service in a Manner that Promotes the Stability of Residential Standard-offer Rates
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry to Conduct an Accessibility Study of All Maine State Parks and Historic Sites and to Develop a Plan to Remove Access Barriers. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry to Conduct an Accessibility Study of All Maine State Parks and Historic Sites and to Develop a Plan to Remove Access Barriers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife and the Department of Marine Resources to Enter into a Memorandum of Understanding to Address Aquatic Invasive Species. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife and the Department of Marine Resources to Enter into a Memorandum of Understanding to Address Aquatic Invasive Species
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Labor to Request a Federal Waiver to Allow Presumptive Work Eligibility for Asylum Seekers. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Labor to Request a Federal Waiver to Allow Presumptive Work Eligibility for Asylum Seekers
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Good Samaritan Protections for Naloxone Hydrochloride Administration. Description: An Act to Expand Good Samaritan Protections for Naloxone Hydrochloride Administration
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Equitable Tax Treatment to State-licensed Cannabis Businesses. Description: An Act to Provide Equitable Tax Treatment to State-licensed Cannabis Businesses
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Increase the Minimum Teacher Salary. Description: An Act to Increase the Minimum Teacher Salary
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve the Telecommunications Relay Services Council by Reducing Its Membership and Allowing for the Hiring of an Executive Director. Description: An Act to Improve the Telecommunications Relay Services Council by Reducing Its Membership and Allowing for the Hiring of an Executive Director
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow a Restaurant to Serve a Bottle of Wine to the Person Who Brought the Bottle. Description: An Act to Allow a Restaurant to Serve a Bottle of Wine to the Person Who Brought the Bottle
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Bureau of Motor Vehicles. Description: An Act Regarding the Bureau of Motor Vehicles
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Streamline Label Registrations for Malt Liquor, Wine, Hard Cider and Low-alcohol Spirits. Description: An Act to Streamline Label Registrations for Malt Liquor, Wine, Hard Cider and Low-alcohol Spirits
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Review and Evaluate Film Production Incentives. Description: Resolve, to Review and Evaluate Film Production Incentives
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Supervised Lenders or Mortgage Loan Servicers to Notify Private Mortgage Insurance Consumers of Their Rights Under the Federal Homeowners Protection Act of 1998. Description: An Act to Require Supervised Lenders or Mortgage Loan Servicers to Notify Private Mortgage Insurance Consumers of Their Rights Under the Federal Homeowners Protection Act of 1998
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Advance the Maine Retirement Savings Program. Description: An Act to Advance the Maine Retirement Savings Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Criminal Statutes with Regard to Assaults on Emergency Medical Services Persons. Description: An Act to Clarify the Criminal Statutes with Regard to Assaults on Emergency Medical Services Persons
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Install a Suicide Barrier on the Penobscot Narrows Bridge. Description: Resolve, to Install a Suicide Barrier on the Penobscot Narrows Bridge
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Create a Presumption Under the Maine Workers' Compensation Act of 1992 That a Cardiovascular Injury or Disease or Pulmonary Disease Suffered by Certain Law Enforcement Officers Is in the Course of Employment. Description: An Act to Create a Presumption Under the Maine Workers' Compensation Act of 1992 That a Cardiovascular Injury or Disease or Pulmonary Disease Suffered by Certain Law Enforcement Officers Is in the Course of Employment
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Bureau of Alcoholic Beverages and Lottery Operations to Study Paying Bonuses to Agents for Selling Certain Winning Lottery Tickets. Description: Resolve, Directing the Bureau of Alcoholic Beverages and Lottery Operations to Study Paying Bonuses to Agents for Selling Certain Winning Lottery Tickets
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Address Student Hunger and Nutrition Through Expanded Access to Free Milk in Schools. Description: An Act to Address Student Hunger and Nutrition Through Expanded Access to Free Milk in Schools
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Improve Ferry Service Reliability by Providing Scholarships at the Maine Maritime Academy. Description: An Act to Improve Ferry Service Reliability by Providing Scholarships at the Maine Maritime Academy
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning the Authority for Pharmacists to Administer Vaccines. Description: An Act Concerning the Authority for Pharmacists to Administer Vaccines
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Public Employers to Provide Long-term Disability Insurance Coverage. Description: An Act to Require Public Employers to Provide Long-term Disability Insurance Coverage
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Sales and Use Tax Exemptions for Durable Medical Equipment, Breast Pumps and Mobility Enhancing Equipment. Description: An Act Regarding Sales and Use Tax Exemptions for Durable Medical Equipment, Breast Pumps and Mobility Enhancing Equipment
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife to Develop a Hunting and Fishing Software Application. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife to Develop a Hunting and Fishing Software Application
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Require Minimum Pay for Reporting to Work. Description: An Act to Require Minimum Pay for Reporting to Work
In 2023, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act to End the Sale of Flavored Tobacco Products. Description: An Act to End the Sale of Flavored Tobacco Products
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Insurance in the Joint Use of Public Utility Equipment. Description: An Act to Clarify Insurance in the Joint Use of Public Utility Equipment
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require a Disclaimer on Promotional Materials for Medicare, Medicaid and MaineCare Products by Private Entities. Description: An Act to Require a Disclaimer on Promotional Materials for Medicare, Medicaid and MaineCare Products by Private Entities
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Task Force to Support Commercial Dairy Farms in the State. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Task Force to Support Commercial Dairy Farms in the State
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Tax Credit for Major Business Headquarters Expansions Regarding Employees' Location and Time of Hire for Purposes of the Credit. Description: An Act to Amend the Tax Credit for Major Business Headquarters Expansions Regarding Employees' Location and Time of Hire for Purposes of the Credit
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Create and Sustain Jobs and Affordable Housing Through the Development of Cooperatives and Employee-owned Businesses. Description: An Act to Create and Sustain Jobs and Affordable Housing Through the Development of Cooperatives and Employee-owned Businesses
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Real Property Investment by Credit Unions. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Real Property Investment by Credit Unions
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Timely Payment for Salaried Employees. Description: An Act to Require Timely Payment for Salaried Employees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Invest in Maine's Fire Service Training Facilities. Description: An Act to Invest in Maine's Fire Service Training Facilities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Reestablish the Task Force to Study the Creation of a Comprehensive Career and Technical Education System. Description: Resolve, to Reestablish the Task Force to Study the Creation of a Comprehensive Career and Technical Education System
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Commissioner of Education to Review the Placement of Personal Finance in the System of Learning Results. Description: Resolve, Directing the Commissioner of Education to Review the Placement of Personal Finance in the System of Learning Results
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Extend Funding for the Land for Maine's Future Program. Description: An Act to Extend Funding for the Land for Maine's Future Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Blue Economy Task Force to Support Maine's Emergence as a Center for Blue Economy Innovation and Opportunity in the 21st Century. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Blue Economy Task Force to Support Maine's Emergence as a Center for Blue Economy Innovation and Opportunity in the 21st Century
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Facilitate Property Redevelopment and Encourage Affordable Housing by Allowing the Conveyance of Unfinished Commercial Condominium Units. Description: An Act to Facilitate Property Redevelopment and Encourage Affordable Housing by Allowing the Conveyance of Unfinished Commercial Condominium Units
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Limit the Immunity of Charitable Organizations. Description: An Act to Limit the Immunity of Charitable Organizations
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Public Schools to Offer Training for Secondary Students on the Administration of Naloxone Hydrochloride. Description: An Act to Require Public Schools to Offer Training for Secondary Students on the Administration of Naloxone Hydrochloride
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Technology Institute to Review Targeted Technology Sectors and Industry Clusters. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Technology Institute to Review Targeted Technology Sectors and Industry Clusters
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Exempt Certain Boat Operators from Having to Become Maine Guides. Description: An Act to Exempt Certain Boat Operators from Having to Become Maine Guides
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Permanent the Submission of Certain Reports Concerning Child Welfare to the Legislature. Description: An Act to Make Permanent the Submission of Certain Reports Concerning Child Welfare to the Legislature
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Liquor Service by Catering Services for Special Events at Licensed Wineries, Small Wineries, Breweries, Small Breweries, Distilleries and Small Distilleries. Description: An Act Regarding Liquor Service by Catering Services for Special Events at Licensed Wineries, Small Wineries, Breweries, Small Breweries, Distilleries and Small Distilleries
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Regulate Insurance Carrier Prior Authorization Requirements for Rehabilitative and Habilitative Services. Description: An Act to Regulate Insurance Carrier Prior Authorization Requirements for Rehabilitative and Habilitative Services
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Promote Fairness in the Taxation of Adult Use Cannabis. Description: An Act to Promote Fairness in the Taxation of Adult Use Cannabis
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish a Mobile Learning Lab. Description: An Act to Establish a Mobile Learning Lab
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Self-service Motor Vehicle Services. Description: An Act to Provide Self-service Motor Vehicle Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand and Strengthen the Competitive Skills Scholarship Program. Description: An Act to Expand and Strengthen the Competitive Skills Scholarship Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Transparency Regarding Certain Drug Pricing Programs. Description: An Act to Increase Transparency Regarding Certain Drug Pricing Programs
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Laws Regarding Delegating Authority for Services Performed by Emergency Medical Services Personnel or Others as a Medical Assistant. Description: An Act to Clarify the Laws Regarding Delegating Authority for Services Performed by Emergency Medical Services Personnel or Others as a Medical Assistant
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Violations of Condition of Release. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Violations of Condition of Release
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Fund the Recommendations of the Mountain Division Rail Use Advisory Council. Description: An Act to Fund the Recommendations of the Mountain Division Rail Use Advisory Council
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Physical Therapist Practice Laws. Description: An Act to Amend the Physical Therapist Practice Laws
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Study the Effect of Current Laws and Rules on the Expansion of Broadband. Description: Resolve, to Study the Effect of Current Laws and Rules on the Expansion of Broadband
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Increase Funding for the Maine School of Science and Mathematics. Description: An Act to Increase Funding for the Maine School of Science and Mathematics
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Prevent Dating Partner Abuse by Including Dating Partners in the Scope of Domestic Violence Crimes. Description: An Act to Prevent Dating Partner Abuse by Including Dating Partners in the Scope of Domestic Violence Crimes
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Definition of "Farming" Under the Motor Vehicle Laws to Include Equines Not Raised for Racing. Description: An Act to Amend the Definition of "Farming" Under the Motor Vehicle Laws to Include Equines Not Raised for Racing
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 200: Metallic Mineral Exploration, Advanced Exploration and Mining, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 200: Metallic Mineral Exploration, Advanced Exploration and Mining, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education and the Maine Municipal Bond Bank to Amend Their Rules Regarding the Maine School Facilities Finance Program and the School Revolving Renovation Fund. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education and the Maine Municipal Bond Bank to Amend Their Rules Regarding the Maine School Facilities Finance Program and the School Revolving Renovation Fund
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Certain Unfiltered Drinking Water Sources. Description: An Act to Protect Certain Unfiltered Drinking Water Sources
In 2024, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act to Address Unsafe Staffing of Nurses and Improve Patient Care. Description: An Act to Address Unsafe Staffing of Nurses and Improve Patient Care
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Expedite Reimbursement of Long-term Care Facilities. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Expedite Reimbursement of Long-term Care Facilities
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Establish a Grant Program to Promote Biomanufacturing and Biotechnology Development. Description: An Act to Establish a Grant Program to Promote Biomanufacturing and Biotechnology Development
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine to Align the Proceedings for Circulating Written Petitions for People's Vetoes and Direct Initiatives with Federal Law. Description: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine to Align the Proceedings for Circulating Written Petitions for People's Vetoes and Direct Initiatives with Federal Law
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Improve Women's Health and Economic Security by Funding Family Planning Services. Description: An Act to Improve Women's Health and Economic Security by Funding Family Planning Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Public Utilities Commission to Convene a Stakeholder Group Regarding Liquefied Propane Gas Systems and the So-called Dig Safe Law. Description: Resolve, Directing the Public Utilities Commission to Convene a Stakeholder Group Regarding Liquefied Propane Gas Systems and the So-called Dig Safe Law
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Clearance for Occupancy Under the Lead Poisoning Control Act. Description: An Act Regarding Clearance for Occupancy Under the Lead Poisoning Control Act
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding the Status of Federal Grant Applications or Money Secured for the Funding of a Sexual Assault Kit Tracking Pilot Program. Description: Resolve, Regarding the Status of Federal Grant Applications or Money Secured for the Funding of a Sexual Assault Kit Tracking Pilot Program
In 2024, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure That Residents of the State Have the Right to Repair Their Own Electronic Devices. Description: An Act to Ensure That Residents of the State Have the Right to Repair Their Own Electronic Devices
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Relating to the Prevention of Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Pollution. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Relating to the Prevention of Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Pollution
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide a Private Support Organization for the Maine Maritime Academy. Description: An Act to Provide a Private Support Organization for the Maine Maritime Academy
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Promote Economic Reuse of Contaminated Land Through Clean Energy Development. Description: An Act to Promote Economic Reuse of Contaminated Land Through Clean Energy Development
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Law Governing Special Motions to Dismiss to Include Workplace and Title IX Claims. Description: An Act to Amend the Law Governing Special Motions to Dismiss to Include Workplace and Title IX Claims
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Access to Drug Treatment Courts. Description: An Act to Expand Access to Drug Treatment Courts
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Gagetown Harmful Chemical Study Commission. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Gagetown Harmful Chemical Study Commission
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Stakeholder Group Convened by the Emergency Medical Services' Board on Financial Health of Ambulance Services. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Stakeholder Group Convened by the Emergency Medical Services' Board on Financial Health of Ambulance Services
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Committee To Ensure Constitutionally Adequate Contact with Counsel. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Committee To Ensure Constitutionally Adequate Contact with Counsel
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Terms of the Members of the Maine Space Corporation Board of Directors by Requiring Staggered Terms. Description: An Act to Amend the Terms of the Members of the Maine Space Corporation Board of Directors by Requiring Staggered Terms
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Study Opportunities and Provide Guidance for School Clean Energy and Energy Efficiency Programs. Description: Resolve, to Study Opportunities and Provide Guidance for School Clean Energy and Energy Efficiency Programs
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Address Teacher Shortages Through Financial Assistance and Career Advancement Opportunities. Description: An Act to Address Teacher Shortages Through Financial Assistance and Career Advancement Opportunities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update Criminal Indictment Procedures and Expand the Provision of Counsel to Certain Indigent Defendants. Description: An Act to Update Criminal Indictment Procedures and Expand the Provision of Counsel to Certain Indigent Defendants
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Standardize Requirements Between Boards of Visitors for County Jails and Department of Corrections Correctional Facilities. Description: An Act to Standardize Requirements Between Boards of Visitors for County Jails and Department of Corrections Correctional Facilities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Disclosure of Lobbyist Activities. Description: An Act to Improve Disclosure of Lobbyist Activities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Campaign Finance and Lobbying Disclosure and Enforcement of Income Source Reporting Requirements. Description: An Act Regarding Campaign Finance and Lobbying Disclosure and Enforcement of Income Source Reporting Requirements
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Proper Storage of Forensic Exam Evidence. Description: An Act to Require Proper Storage of Forensic Exam Evidence
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Directing the Department of Transportation to Adopt Rules Regarding Corrosion Mitigation Methods for Steel Bridges. Description: An Act Directing the Department of Transportation to Adopt Rules Regarding Corrosion Mitigation Methods for Steel Bridges
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine to Allow Persons Under Guardianship for Mental Illness to Be Electors. Description: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine to Allow Persons Under Guardianship for Mental Illness to Be Electors
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Extend the Time for Certain Public Utilities Commission Proceedings. Description: An Act to Extend the Time for Certain Public Utilities Commission Proceedings
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Consumer-owned Water Utilities. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Consumer-owned Water Utilities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Student Representation Within the Governance of the University of Maine System. Description: An Act to Allow Student Representation Within the Governance of the University of Maine System
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Define "Consent" and Amend the Law Governing Certain Sexual Offenses. Description: An Act to Define "Consent" and Amend the Law Governing Certain Sexual Offenses
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Bureau of Parks and Lands to Enter into Certain Leases. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Bureau of Parks and Lands to Enter into Certain Leases
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Proper Regulation of Chemical Plastic Processing. Description: An Act to Ensure Proper Regulation of Chemical Plastic Processing
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require a Liability Automobile Insurance Policy to Cover the Costs of Towing and Storing Certain Vehicles. Description: An Act to Require a Liability Automobile Insurance Policy to Cover the Costs of Towing and Storing Certain Vehicles
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Increase Reimbursement Under the General Assistance Program. Description: An Act to Increase Reimbursement Under the General Assistance Program
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Modernize the State Supplement to Supplemental Security Income by Updating the State Supplement and Removing Marriage Disincentives. Description: An Act to Modernize the State Supplement to Supplemental Security Income by Updating the State Supplement and Removing Marriage Disincentives
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Geographic Information System Data Acquisition and Maintenance. Description: An Act to Improve Geographic Information System Data Acquisition and Maintenance
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Ongoing Absentee Voting and Tracking of Absentee Ballots. Description: An Act Regarding Ongoing Absentee Voting and Tracking of Absentee Ballots
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Parity in State Energy Rate Relief Payments and Tax Exemptions for Maine Cannabis Businesses. Description: An Act to Provide Parity in State Energy Rate Relief Payments and Tax Exemptions for Maine Cannabis Businesses
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Create the Guilford-Sangerville Utilities District. Description: An Act to Create the Guilford-Sangerville Utilities District
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Kennebunk Sewer District Charter. Description: An Act to Amend the Kennebunk Sewer District Charter
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Phase Out the Insurance Premium Tax on Annuities. Description: An Act to Phase Out the Insurance Premium Tax on Annuities
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Plan to Provide Transitional Housing and to Support the Growth of Maine's Workforce. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Plan to Provide Transitional Housing and to Support the Growth of Maine's Workforce
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission to Design a Plan for Sustained Investment in Preventing Disease and Improving the Health of Maine Communities. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission to Design a Plan for Sustained Investment in Preventing Disease and Improving the Health of Maine Communities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Enact the Beneficial Electrification Policy Act. Description: An Act to Enact the Beneficial Electrification Policy Act
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Access to Federally Approved Opioid Overdose-reversing Medication. Description: An Act to Ensure Access to Federally Approved Opioid Overdose-reversing Medication
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Physical Therapy Licensure Compact. Description: An Act to Establish the Physical Therapy Licensure Compact
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Direct the Department of Health and Human Services to Explore the Feasibility of an Ambulance Service Assessment Fee. Description: Resolve, to Direct the Department of Health and Human Services to Explore the Feasibility of an Ambulance Service Assessment Fee
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Exempt Certain Youth Development Nonprofit Organizations from Sales Tax and the Service Provider Tax. Description: An Act to Exempt Certain Youth Development Nonprofit Organizations from Sales Tax and the Service Provider Tax
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Employee Freedom of Speech. Description: An Act to Protect Employee Freedom of Speech
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Include Certain Crisis Outreach and Crisis Services Workers Under the 1998 Special Plan for Retirement. Description: An Act to Include Certain Crisis Outreach and Crisis Services Workers Under the 1998 Special Plan for Retirement
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Include Certain Mental Health Workers Under the 1998 Special Plan for Retirement. Description: An Act to Include Certain Mental Health Workers Under the 1998 Special Plan for Retirement
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require the Bureau of Labor Standards to Create and Distribute in Workplaces a Veterans' Benefits and Services Poster. Description: An Act to Require the Bureau of Labor Standards to Create and Distribute in Workplaces a Veterans' Benefits and Services Poster
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Removing the Statute of Limitations on Civil Actions and Criminal Prosecutions for Certain Sexual Offenses Against Minors. Description: An Act Removing the Statute of Limitations on Civil Actions and Criminal Prosecutions for Certain Sexual Offenses Against Minors
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Rural Health Services Task Force. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Rural Health Services Task Force
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Commission on Predictability of Mandated Overtime for Pulp or Paper Manufacturing Facility Employees. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Commission on Predictability of Mandated Overtime for Pulp or Paper Manufacturing Facility Employees
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Create Greater Transparency for Facility Fees Charged by Health Care Providers and to Establish the Task Force to Evaluate the Impact of Facility Fees on Patients. Description: An Act to Create Greater Transparency for Facility Fees Charged by Health Care Providers and to Establish the Task Force to Evaluate the Impact of Facility Fees on Patients
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Maine's Transit Employees. Description: An Act to Protect Maine's Transit Employees
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Expand Maine's Health Care Workforce by Expanding Educational Opportunities. Description: An Act to Expand Maine's Health Care Workforce by Expanding Educational Opportunities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand Maine's High-quality Early Learning and Care for Children by Increasing Public Preschool Opportunities in Communities. Description: An Act to Expand Maine's High-quality Early Learning and Care for Children by Increasing Public Preschool Opportunities in Communities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Include Certain Volunteer Firefighters in the Tax Credit for Employers of Individuals Who Are Volunteer Firefighters or Volunteer Municipal Emergency Medical Services Persons. Description: An Act to Include Certain Volunteer Firefighters in the Tax Credit for Employers of Individuals Who Are Volunteer Firefighters or Volunteer Municipal Emergency Medical Services Persons
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve the Maine Workers' Compensation Act of 1992. Description: An Act to Improve the Maine Workers' Compensation Act of 1992
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve the Reporting Process for Certain Tax Expenditure Programs. Description: An Act to Improve the Reporting Process for Certain Tax Expenditure Programs
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support Outdoor Education by Establishing the Outdoor School for All Maine Students Program. Description: An Act to Support Outdoor Education by Establishing the Outdoor School for All Maine Students Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Validate Certain Proceedings Authorizing the Issuance of Bonds and Notes by the City of Bath. Description: An Act to Validate Certain Proceedings Authorizing the Issuance of Bonds and Notes by the City of Bath
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Specialty License Plate Laws and Extend the Moratorium on Approval of Specialty License Plates and Remove the Authority of Municipalities to Issue Driver's Licenses. Description: An Act to Amend the Specialty License Plate Laws and Extend the Moratorium on Approval of Specialty License Plates and Remove the Authority of Municipalities to Issue Driver's Licenses
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Designate Deer Wintering Areas Under the Jurisdiction of the Bureau of Parks and Lands. Description: An Act to Designate Deer Wintering Areas Under the Jurisdiction of the Bureau of Parks and Lands
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission to Make Recommendations on the Continuum of Long-term Care Options. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission to Make Recommendations on the Continuum of Long-term Care Options
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Enhanced 9-1-1 Public Safety Answering Points. Description: An Act Regarding Enhanced 9-1-1 Public Safety Answering Points
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Direct the Maine Prescription Drug Affordability Board to Assess Strategies to Reduce Prescription Drug Costs and to Take Steps to Implement Reference-based Pricing. Description: An Act to Direct the Maine Prescription Drug Affordability Board to Assess Strategies to Reduce Prescription Drug Costs and to Take Steps to Implement Reference-based Pricing
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Designate the Route 15 Bridge Located in the Town of Kenduskeag the William S. Pullen Bridge. Description: Resolve, to Designate the Route 15 Bridge Located in the Town of Kenduskeag the William S. Pullen Bridge
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Fair and Timely Payment in the Harvesting of Forest Products. Description: An Act to Ensure Fair and Timely Payment in the Harvesting of Forest Products
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Relating to Energy Storage and the State's Energy Goals. Description: An Act Relating to Energy Storage and the State's Energy Goals
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support Maine Forest Workers' Right to Work in Maine by Improving Labor Standards. Description: An Act to Support Maine Forest Workers' Right to Work in Maine by Improving Labor Standards
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Construct a New District Headquarters Building for the Bureau of Forestry in Fort Kent. Description: Resolve, to Construct a New District Headquarters Building for the Bureau of Forestry in Fort Kent
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Review and Procurement Process for Nonwires Alternatives. Description: An Act to Clarify the Review and Procurement Process for Nonwires Alternatives
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Procurement of Energy from Offshore Wind Resources. Description: An Act Regarding the Procurement of Energy from Offshore Wind Resources
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Workers' Compensation Board to Analyze Data on the Adequacy of Certain Maine Workers' Compensation Benefits. Description: Resolve, Directing the Workers' Compensation Board to Analyze Data on the Adequacy of Certain Maine Workers' Compensation Benefits
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure That a Teacher Who Participates in the Prevention of Dangerous Behavior Is Protected Under a Collective Bargaining Agreement. Description: An Act to Ensure That a Teacher Who Participates in the Prevention of Dangerous Behavior Is Protected Under a Collective Bargaining Agreement
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Commission to Study Pathways for Creating a Psilocybin Services Program in Maine. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Commission to Study Pathways for Creating a Psilocybin Services Program in Maine
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding State-chartered Credit Unions. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding State-chartered Credit Unions
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Bargaining Agents for Public Sector Unions to Merge. Description: An Act to Allow Bargaining Agents for Public Sector Unions to Merge
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Membership of the Maine-Canadian Legislative Advisory Commission and the New England and Eastern Canada Legislative Commission. Description: An Act to Amend the Membership of the Maine-Canadian Legislative Advisory Commission and the New England and Eastern Canada Legislative Commission
In 2023, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Equity in Career and Technical Education Staffing Support Ratios Across Varied Regions of the State. Description: An Act to Ensure Equity in Career and Technical Education Staffing Support Ratios Across Varied Regions of the State
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Future Energy Procurements for Renewable Energy Development in Northern Maine. Description: An Act Regarding Future Energy Procurements for Renewable Energy Development in Northern Maine
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Raise the Debt Limit of the Stonington Water Company. Description: An Act to Raise the Debt Limit of the Stonington Water Company
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Marine Finfish Aquaculture. Description: An Act Regarding Marine Finfish Aquaculture
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Direct the Public Utilities Commission to Adopt Rules Regarding Utility Shut-offs. Description: Resolve, to Direct the Public Utilities Commission to Adopt Rules Regarding Utility Shut-offs
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Future of Renewable Energy Transmission in Northern Maine. Description: An Act Regarding the Future of Renewable Energy Transmission in Northern Maine
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Expand the Use of Funds to Support Land Conservation. Description: An Act to Expand the Use of Funds to Support Land Conservation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Enact the Maine Indian Child Welfare Act. Description: An Act to Enact the Maine Indian Child Welfare Act
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Ensure that Eligible Customers Receive Payments from the Energy Rate Relief Fund. Description: Resolve, to Ensure that Eligible Customers Receive Payments from the Energy Rate Relief Fund
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing an Analysis of and Report on the Maine New Markets Capital Investment Program. Description: Resolve, Directing an Analysis of and Report on the Maine New Markets Capital Investment Program
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow Golf Courses to Obtain a License to Conduct Off-premises Catering. Description: An Act to Allow Golf Courses to Obtain a License to Conduct Off-premises Catering
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Relating to Net Energy Billing and Distributed Solar and Energy Storage Systems. Description: An Act Relating to Net Energy Billing and Distributed Solar and Energy Storage Systems
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Adjutant General to Sell the Calais Armory. Description: An Act to Allow the Adjutant General to Sell the Calais Armory
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Critical Matching Funds for Child Care Services on the Northern Maine Community College Campus. Description: An Act to Provide Critical Matching Funds for Child Care Services on the Northern Maine Community College Campus
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Enhance Services Provided by the Department of Environmental Protection. Description: An Act to Enhance Services Provided by the Department of Environmental Protection
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Adjustments for Sudden and Severe Disruption of Municipal Valuation. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Adjustments for Sudden and Severe Disruption of Municipal Valuation
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Remove the Prohibition Against Live Plants in State-owned Buildings. Description: Resolve, to Remove the Prohibition Against Live Plants in State-owned Buildings
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Stakeholder Group to Address the Problem of Long Stays for Children and Adolescents in Hospital Emergency Departments. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Stakeholder Group to Address the Problem of Long Stays for Children and Adolescents in Hospital Emergency Departments
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the State Auditor's Reporting Requirements on State Agencies' Financial Activities. Description: An Act Regarding the State Auditor's Reporting Requirements on State Agencies' Financial Activities
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Address Abandoned Capital Credits Held by Rural Electrification Cooperatives. Description: An Act to Address Abandoned Capital Credits Held by Rural Electrification Cooperatives
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Approving the 2023 Draft and Arrangement of the Constitution of Maine Made by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Judicial Court and Providing for Its Publication and Distribution. Description: Resolve, Approving the 2023 Draft and Arrangement of the Constitution of Maine Made by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Judicial Court and Providing for Its Publication and Distribution
In 2023, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize Funding for Collective Bargaining Agreements with Certain Judicial Department Employees. Description: An Act to Authorize Funding for Collective Bargaining Agreements with Certain Judicial Department Employees
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Technical Updates to the Maine Uniform Securities Act. Description: An Act to Make Technical Updates to the Maine Uniform Securities Act
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Laws Regarding Pharmaceutical Product Stewardship. Description: An Act to Clarify the Laws Regarding Pharmaceutical Product Stewardship
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Updating References to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Contained in the Maine Revised Statutes. Description: An Act Updating References to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Contained in the Maine Revised Statutes
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Technical Changes to Maine's Tax Laws. Description: An Act to Make Technical Changes to Maine's Tax Laws
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Authorize the State Tax Assessor to Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory. Description: Resolve, to Authorize the State Tax Assessor to Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide for Medical and Vessel Breakdown License Exceptions for Commercial Menhaden License Holders. Description: An Act to Provide for Medical and Vessel Breakdown License Exceptions for Commercial Menhaden License Holders
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize Medical Waivers for Menhaden Fishing Licenses. Description: An Act to Authorize Medical Waivers for Menhaden Fishing Licenses
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Property Tax Exemption, Business Equipment Tax Exemption and Business Equipment Tax Reimbursement for Facilities Storing Spent Nuclear Fuel and Radioactive Waste. Description: An Act Regarding the Property Tax Exemption, Business Equipment Tax Exemption and Business Equipment Tax Reimbursement for Facilities Storing Spent Nuclear Fuel and Radioactive Waste
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend Certain State Tax Laws. Description: An Act to Amend Certain State Tax Laws
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Natural Resources Protection Act to Enhance the State's Ability to Respond to and Prepare for Significant Flood Events and Storm Surge. Description: An Act to Amend the Natural Resources Protection Act to Enhance the State's Ability to Respond to and Prepare for Significant Flood Events and Storm Surge
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Changes to the State's Marine Resources Laws. Description: An Act to Make Changes to the State's Marine Resources Laws
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Maine's Labor Laws by Changing the Laws Governing Elections of Collective Bargaining Agents for Certain Public Employees. Description: An Act to Improve Maine's Labor Laws by Changing the Laws Governing Elections of Collective Bargaining Agents for Certain Public Employees
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Director of the Bureau of Parks and Lands to Convey a Parcel of Land in the Town of Woodstock. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Director of the Bureau of Parks and Lands to Convey a Parcel of Land in the Town of Woodstock
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Address Identified Gaps in the Laws Governing Erosion Control and the Natural Resources Protection Act. Description: An Act to Address Identified Gaps in the Laws Governing Erosion Control and the Natural Resources Protection Act
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Disclosure of Flood Risk by Sellers of Real Estate. Description: An Act Regarding Disclosure of Flood Risk by Sellers of Real Estate
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Remove the Exemption for Certain Roadside Springs from Regulation as Public Water Systems in the Laws Regarding Water for Human Consumption. Description: An Act to Remove the Exemption for Certain Roadside Springs from Regulation as Public Water Systems in the Laws Regarding Water for Human Consumption
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Align the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program with Federal Regulations. Description: An Act to Align the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program with Federal Regulations
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Law Regarding the Land for Maine's Future Board to Allow for Proxy Designees. Description: An Act to Amend the Law Regarding the Land for Maine's Future Board to Allow for Proxy Designees
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Law Regarding the Board of the Finance Authority of Maine to Allow for the Addition of a Proxy Designee. Description: An Act to Amend the Law Regarding the Board of the Finance Authority of Maine to Allow for the Addition of a Proxy Designee
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Adopt Conceptual Elements of the 2023 Augusta State Facilities Master Plan. Description: Resolve, to Adopt Conceptual Elements of the 2023 Augusta State Facilities Master Plan
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Ownership Disclosure Requirements for Applicants for Liquor Licenses and Certificates of Approval. Description: An Act to Amend the Ownership Disclosure Requirements for Applicants for Liquor Licenses and Certificates of Approval
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement a Facility-based Monitoring System for Slot Machines. Description: An Act to Implement a Facility-based Monitoring System for Slot Machines
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Fill All Vacant and Expired Seats on the Emergency Medical Services' Board. Description: Resolve, to Fill All Vacant and Expired Seats on the Emergency Medical Services' Board
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Motor Vehicles. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Governing Motor Vehicles
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Review the Timeliness of Contract Payments by the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, to Review the Timeliness of Contract Payments by the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Establish a Stakeholder Group to Study Timely Access to Psychiatric Medication Management Services Across the State. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services to Establish a Stakeholder Group to Study Timely Access to Psychiatric Medication Management Services Across the State
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funding for Essential Services for Victims of Crimes. Description: An Act to Provide Funding for Essential Services for Victims of Crimes
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Update Maine's Domestic Violence and Stalking Laws. Description: An Act to Update Maine's Domestic Violence and Stalking Laws
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Property Owners by Making Certain Changes to the Laws Governing the Use of Eminent Domain by Transmission and Distribution Utilities. Description: An Act to Protect Property Owners by Making Certain Changes to the Laws Governing the Use of Eminent Domain by Transmission and Distribution Utilities
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Change the Number of Agency Liquor Stores Allowed in Certain Municipalities and to Convene a Stakeholder Group Regarding Licensing and Operations. Description: An Act to Change the Number of Agency Liquor Stores Allowed in Certain Municipalities and to Convene a Stakeholder Group Regarding Licensing and Operations
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Drug Awareness Instruction in Secondary Schools. Description: An Act Regarding Drug Awareness Instruction in Secondary Schools
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Modernize and Consolidate Certain Court Facilities. Description: An Act to Modernize and Consolidate Certain Court Facilities
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Businesses' and Consumers' Use of Returnable, Reusable and Refillable Containers for Food, Beverages and Nonfood Items. Description: An Act Regarding Businesses' and Consumers' Use of Returnable, Reusable and Refillable Containers for Food, Beverages and Nonfood Items
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding Public Higher Education Funding in the State. Description: An Act Regarding Public Higher Education Funding in the State
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Address Food Insecurity by Helping Maine Residents Access Locally Produced Food. Description: An Act to Address Food Insecurity by Helping Maine Residents Access Locally Produced Food
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Require the Establishment of a Stakeholder Group to Examine and Improve the Recruitment, Retention and Wellness of Law Enforcement Officers. Description: Resolve, to Require the Establishment of a Stakeholder Group to Examine and Improve the Recruitment, Retention and Wellness of Law Enforcement Officers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Reporting of Child Abuse and Neglect to Military Family Advocacy Programs. Description: An Act to Require Reporting of Child Abuse and Neglect to Military Family Advocacy Programs
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Access to Pain Management Services in Health Insurance Plans. Description: An Act to Ensure Access to Pain Management Services in Health Insurance Plans
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish a Pilot Project to Alleviate the Staffing Crisis in the Child Protective Services System. Description: Resolve, to Establish a Pilot Project to Alleviate the Staffing Crisis in the Child Protective Services System
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Make Changes to Certain Laws Governing Renewable Energy Projects. Description: An Act to Make Changes to Certain Laws Governing Renewable Energy Projects
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Shoreland Zoning Enforcement. Description: An Act to Strengthen Shoreland Zoning Enforcement
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Support Municipalities by Repealing the Law Limiting the Municipal Property Tax Levy. Description: An Act to Support Municipalities by Repealing the Law Limiting the Municipal Property Tax Levy
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Protect Victims of Domestic Abuse and Violence by Amending the Law Regarding Proximity Restrictions in Final Protection from Abuse Orders. Description: An Act to Protect Victims of Domestic Abuse and Violence by Amending the Law Regarding Proximity Restrictions in Final Protection from Abuse Orders
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Charter of the Wiscasset Water District. Description: An Act to Amend the Charter of the Wiscasset Water District
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Protect and Enhance Access to Behavioral Health Services in Androscoggin County and Surrounding Communities. Description: Resolve, to Protect and Enhance Access to Behavioral Health Services in Androscoggin County and Surrounding Communities
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen the Historic Property Rehabilitation Tax Credit. Description: An Act to Strengthen the Historic Property Rehabilitation Tax Credit
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend Maine's Charitable Organization Gaming Laws. Description: An Act to Amend Maine's Charitable Organization Gaming Laws
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Fund Rural Patrol Services in Androscoggin County. Description: An Act to Fund Rural Patrol Services in Androscoggin County
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Replace the Money Transmitters Act. Description: An Act to Replace the Money Transmitters Act
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Relief to Federal or State Employees Affected by a Federal Government or State Government Shutdown. Description: An Act to Provide Relief to Federal or State Employees Affected by a Federal Government or State Government Shutdown
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Superintendent of Insurance to Collect Data from Health Insurers Related to Prescription Drug Coverage of Generic Drugs and Biosimilars. Description: Resolve, Directing the Superintendent of Insurance to Collect Data from Health Insurers Related to Prescription Drug Coverage of Generic Drugs and Biosimilars
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit Unfair Practices Related to the Collection of Medical Debt. Description: An Act to Prohibit Unfair Practices Related to the Collection of Medical Debt
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Sports Wagering Licensing. Description: An Act to Amend the Laws Regarding Sports Wagering Licensing
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Funding to the Maine School of Science and Mathematics. Description: An Act to Provide Funding to the Maine School of Science and Mathematics
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide for the 2024 and 2025 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds. Description: An Act to Provide for the 2024 and 2025 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Consumer Consent for Certain Generation Service Contract Renewals. Description: An Act to Require Consumer Consent for Certain Generation Service Contract Renewals
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Establish the Maine-Island of Ireland Trade Commission and Improve Collaboration with the Island of Ireland. Description: An Act to Establish the Maine-Island of Ireland Trade Commission and Improve Collaboration with the Island of Ireland
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Office of Policy Innovation and the Future to Recommend Proposals to Support the Development of Attainable Housing. Description: Resolve, Directing the Office of Policy Innovation and the Future to Recommend Proposals to Support the Development of Attainable Housing
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing Concurrent Jurisdiction with the Federal Courts in Certain Juvenile Matters. Description: An Act Establishing Concurrent Jurisdiction with the Federal Courts in Certain Juvenile Matters
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Rename the Interstate 295 Interchange in the Town of Freeport the Matthew MacMillan Bridge. Description: Resolve, to Rename the Interstate 295 Interchange in the Town of Freeport the Matthew MacMillan Bridge
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Improve Access to Affordable Prescription Drugs in Underserved Areas. Description: An Act to Improve Access to Affordable Prescription Drugs in Underserved Areas
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Ensure the Workers' Compensation Board's Allocations Are Properly Funded. Description: An Act to Ensure the Workers' Compensation Board's Allocations Are Properly Funded
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Correct the Designation of a Bridge in Canaan to Be Named After Staff Sergeant Richard Gerald Salsbury. Description: Resolve, to Correct the Designation of a Bridge in Canaan to Be Named After Staff Sergeant Richard Gerald Salsbury
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Provide Relief to Small Businesses, Landowners and Logging Contractors Affected by Severe Weather-related Events. Description: An Act to Provide Relief to Small Businesses, Landowners and Logging Contractors Affected by Severe Weather-related Events
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Improve Access to Affordable Wireless Communications by Allowing the Public Utilities Commission to Designate Eligible Telecommunications Carriers. Description: An Act to Improve Access to Affordable Wireless Communications by Allowing the Public Utilities Commission to Designate Eligible Telecommunications Carriers
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Ensure Subsidy Reimbursements for Certain Child Care Providers. Description: An Act to Ensure Subsidy Reimbursements for Certain Child Care Providers
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Placement of Portable Toilets. Description: An Act Regarding the Placement of Portable Toilets
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Allow Ireland Farms, Inc. to Sue the State. Description: Resolve, to Allow Ireland Farms, Inc. to Sue the State
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Support Nonprofit Organizations and Federally Recognized Indian Tribes by Authorizing the Operation of Electronic Lucky Seven or Similar Sealed Ticket Devices and Updating the High-stakes Beano Law. Description: An Act to Support Nonprofit Organizations and Federally Recognized Indian Tribes by Authorizing the Operation of Electronic Lucky Seven or Similar Sealed Ticket Devices and Updating the High-stakes Beano Law
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Require the Department of Health and Human Services to Amend Its MaineCare Reimbursement Rules to Provide Reimbursement to Veterans' Facilities on a Per Resident Basis. Description: Resolve, to Require the Department of Health and Human Services to Amend Its MaineCare Reimbursement Rules to Provide Reimbursement to Veterans' Facilities on a Per Resident Basis
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations Regarding the Maine Commission on Public Defense Services. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations Regarding the Maine Commission on Public Defense Services
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Public Safety by Improving Maine's Firearm Laws and Mental Health System. Description: An Act to Strengthen Public Safety by Improving Maine's Firearm Laws and Mental Health System
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Require a Stakeholder Group to Participate in the Development of Rules Regarding Youth Camps. Description: Resolve, to Require a Stakeholder Group to Participate in the Development of Rules Regarding Youth Camps
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Address Gun Violence in Maine by Requiring a Waiting Period for Certain Firearm Purchases. Description: An Act to Address Gun Violence in Maine by Requiring a Waiting Period for Certain Firearm Purchases
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Rename a Bridge in the Town of Mechanic Falls the Bill Dunlop Memorial Bridge. Description: Resolve, to Rename a Bridge in the Town of Mechanic Falls the Bill Dunlop Memorial Bridge
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish the Commission to Recommend Methods for Preventing Deed Fraud in the State. Description: Resolve, to Establish the Commission to Recommend Methods for Preventing Deed Fraud in the State
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Set a Debt Limit for the Anson and Madison Water District. Description: An Act to Set a Debt Limit for the Anson and Madison Water District
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, to Expedite and Improve Reimbursement to Certain Private Nonmedical Institutions. Description: Resolve, to Expedite and Improve Reimbursement to Certain Private Nonmedical Institutions
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Department of the Secretary of State, Bureau of Motor Vehicles' Motor Vehicle Dealer Display Area and Licensing Requirements Working Group. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Department of the Secretary of State, Bureau of Motor Vehicles' Motor Vehicle Dealer Display Area and Licensing Requirements Working Group
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Definition of "Underground Facility" and Reduce Administrative Burdens Under the So-called Dig Safe Law. Description: An Act to Clarify the Definition of "Underground Facility" and Reduce Administrative Burdens Under the So-called Dig Safe Law
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow the Department of Corrections and County Jails to Comply with the Federal Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003. Description: An Act to Allow the Department of Corrections and County Jails to Comply with the Federal Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Authorize a Stop-work Order Regarding an Activity That Is Creating an Immediate and Substantial Adverse Impact to a Protected Natural Resource. Description: An Act to Authorize a Stop-work Order Regarding an Activity That Is Creating an Immediate and Substantial Adverse Impact to a Protected Natural Resource
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify Permissible Election and Lobbying Expenditures by Consumer-owned Utilities and the Casco Bay Island Transit District. Description: An Act to Clarify Permissible Election and Lobbying Expenditures by Consumer-owned Utilities and the Casco Bay Island Transit District
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow School Administrative District No. 52 to Issue Temporary Notes for a Wastewater Treatment Project. Description: An Act to Allow School Administrative District No. 52 to Issue Temporary Notes for a Wastewater Treatment Project
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Create an Income Tax Credit for Investments in a Team's Qualified Minor League Baseball Facility to Keep the Team in the State. Description: An Act to Create an Income Tax Credit for Investments in a Team's Qualified Minor League Baseball Facility to Keep the Team in the State
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Prohibit Receiving Compensation for Assisting a Person to Obtain Veterans' Benefits Except as Permitted Under Federal Law. Description: An Act to Prohibit Receiving Compensation for Assisting a Person to Obtain Veterans' Benefits Except as Permitted Under Federal Law
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Clarify the Use of Public Equipment on Public Easements. Description: An Act to Clarify the Use of Public Equipment on Public Easements
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Create the Lincoln Mill Facilities District. Description: An Act to Create the Lincoln Mill Facilities District
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Task Force to Evaluate the Impact of Facility Fees on Patients to Improve Facility Fee Transparency and Notification. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Task Force to Evaluate the Impact of Facility Fees on Patients to Improve Facility Fee Transparency and Notification
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Gagetown Harmful Chemical Study Commission and to Reestablish the Gagetown Harmful Chemical Study Commission. Description: An Act to Implement the Recommendations of the Gagetown Harmful Chemical Study Commission and to Reestablish the Gagetown Harmful Chemical Study Commission
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Require Public Safety Answering Point and Dispatch Center Cost Reporting and to Direct the Formation of a Staffing and Recruiting Stakeholder Group. Description: An Act to Require Public Safety Answering Point and Dispatch Center Cost Reporting and to Direct the Formation of a Staffing and Recruiting Stakeholder Group
In 2024, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act to Strengthen Maine's Workforce Through Preapprenticeship Training Programs. Description: An Act to Strengthen Maine's Workforce Through Preapprenticeship Training Programs
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Provide Greater Transparency About the Cost of Insulin and to Promote the Availability of Low-cost Insulin in the State. Description: An Act to Provide Greater Transparency About the Cost of Insulin and to Promote the Availability of Low-cost Insulin in the State
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Allow a Member of the Town of Perham Select Board to Facilitate the Election to Vacant Seats on the Select Board and to Approve and Sign Disbursement Warrants. Description: An Act to Allow a Member of the Town of Perham Select Board to Facilitate the Election to Vacant Seats on the Select Board and to Approve and Sign Disbursement Warrants
In 2024, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, to Establish an Automotive Right to Repair Working Group. Description: Resolve, to Establish an Automotive Right to Repair Working Group
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Maine Lighthouse Trust Registration Plate. Description: An Act To Create the Maine Lighthouse Trust Registration Plate
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require the Inclusion of Racial Impact Statements in the Legislative Process. Description: An Act To Require the Inclusion of Racial Impact Statements in the Legislative Process
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 305: Rules and Regulations Pertaining to Traffic Movement Permits, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Transportation. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 305: Rules and Regulations Pertaining to Traffic Movement Permits, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Transportation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Minimum Amount of Emergency Refills of Insulin. Description: An Act To Clarify the Minimum Amount of Emergency Refills of Insulin
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 570: Uniform Reporting System for Prescription Drug Price Data Sets, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 570: Uniform Reporting System for Prescription Drug Price Data Sets, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require the Department of Education To Report Annually on Summer Educational Programs. Description: An Act To Require the Department of Education To Report Annually on Summer Educational Programs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Further Protect Consumers from Surprise Medical Bills. Description: An Act To Further Protect Consumers from Surprise Medical Bills
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Fund the State's Free Health Clinics. Description: An Act To Fund the State's Free Health Clinics
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enact the Maine Insurance Data Security Act. Description: An Act To Enact the Maine Insurance Data Security Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Collective Bargaining Negotiations by Public Employers of Teachers. Description: An Act Regarding Collective Bargaining Negotiations by Public Employers of Teachers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Minority Religious Groups by Eliminating the Prior Approval Requirement for a School Absence for a Recognized Religious Holiday. Description: An Act To Protect Minority Religious Groups by Eliminating the Prior Approval Requirement for a School Absence for a Recognized Religious Holiday
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce the Landfilling of Municipal Solid Waste. Description: An Act To Reduce the Landfilling of Municipal Solid Waste
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Information Sharing by Criminal Justice Agencies with Government Agencies Responsible for Investigating Child or Adult Abuse. Description: An Act To Improve Information Sharing by Criminal Justice Agencies with Government Agencies Responsible for Investigating Child or Adult Abuse
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Include Grandparents under Maine's Family Medical Leave Laws. Description: An Act To Include Grandparents under Maine's Family Medical Leave Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Northeastern Interstate Forest Fire Protection Compact. Description: An Act Regarding the Northeastern Interstate Forest Fire Protection Compact
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Invest in the Stewardship and Management of Properties Acquired with the Proceeds from the Land for Maine's Future Fund or the Public Access to Maine Waters Fund. Description: An Act To Invest in the Stewardship and Management of Properties Acquired with the Proceeds from the Land for Maine's Future Fund or the Public Access to Maine Waters Fund
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Livestock and Poultry Preparation. Description: An Act To Improve Livestock and Poultry Preparation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Assist in the Restoration of Atlantic Salmon. Description: An Act To Assist in the Restoration of Atlantic Salmon
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Life and Career Readiness Education in Maine. Description: An Act To Support Life and Career Readiness Education in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Duplicative Permitting Review for Projects under the Site Location of Development Laws. Description: An Act To Reduce Duplicative Permitting Review for Projects under the Site Location of Development Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Municipalities To Allow Harbor Masters and Deputy Harbor Masters To Use Red or Combination Red and White Auxiliary Lights When Responding to Watercraft Emergencies. Description: An Act To Authorize Municipalities To Allow Harbor Masters and Deputy Harbor Masters To Use Red or Combination Red and White Auxiliary Lights When Responding to Watercraft Emergencies
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Dental Practice Act To Define "Supervision" and Authorize Teledentistry. Description: An Act To Amend the Dental Practice Act To Define "Supervision" and Authorize Teledentistry
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize the Department of Marine Resources To Charge an Application Fee for Entering a Lottery for a Scallop License. Description: An Act To Authorize the Department of Marine Resources To Charge an Application Fee for Entering a Lottery for a Scallop License
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Children from Extreme Poverty by Preserving Children's Access to Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Benefits. Description: An Act To Protect Children from Extreme Poverty by Preserving Children's Access to Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Benefits
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure the Safety of Children Experiencing Homelessness by Extending Shelter Placement Periods and Amending Licensing Requirements for Emergency Shelters. Description: An Act To Ensure the Safety of Children Experiencing Homelessness by Extending Shelter Placement Periods and Amending Licensing Requirements for Emergency Shelters
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning MaineCare Coverage for Donor Breast Milk. Description: An Act Concerning MaineCare Coverage for Donor Breast Milk
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Sales to Area Agencies on Aging Tax-exempt. Description: An Act To Make Sales to Area Agencies on Aging Tax-exempt
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Maine's Wildlife Laws Regarding Species of Special Concern. Description: An Act To Amend Maine's Wildlife Laws Regarding Species of Special Concern
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Removal Process Applicable to the Position of State Supervisor of the Forest Protection Unit of the Bureau of Forestry. Description: An Act To Amend the Removal Process Applicable to the Position of State Supervisor of the Forest Protection Unit of the Bureau of Forestry
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Maine Uniform Accounting and Auditing Practices Act for Community Agencies. Description: An Act To Update the Maine Uniform Accounting and Auditing Practices Act for Community Agencies
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Maine's Quality Rating System for Child Care Services. Description: An Act To Improve Maine's Quality Rating System for Child Care Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine To Establish a Right to Food. Description: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine To Establish a Right to Food
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Maine's Statutes Related to the Licensing of Child Care Providers. Description: An Act To Clarify Maine's Statutes Related to the Licensing of Child Care Providers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require the State To Divest Itself of Assets Invested in the Fossil Fuel Industry. Description: An Act To Require the State To Divest Itself of Assets Invested in the Fossil Fuel Industry
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend the Time Frame for Processing Absentee Ballots. Description: An Act To Extend the Time Frame for Processing Absentee Ballots
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Animal Welfare Laws. Description: An Act To Improve the Animal Welfare Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect the Health of Student Athletes by Requiring the Department of Education To Report on the Incidence of Concussions. Description: An Act To Protect the Health of Student Athletes by Requiring the Department of Education To Report on the Incidence of Concussions
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Maine's Aquaculture Leasing and Licensing Statutes. Description: An Act To Amend Maine's Aquaculture Leasing and Licensing Statutes
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Address Airboat Operation in the State. Description: An Act To Address Airboat Operation in the State
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Relating to the Hunting of Antlerless Deer. Description: An Act Relating to the Hunting of Antlerless Deer
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Address Maine's Shortage of Behavioral Health Services for Minors. Description: An Act To Address Maine's Shortage of Behavioral Health Services for Minors
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Attorney General's Recommendations on Data Collection in Order To Eliminate Profiling in Maine. Description: An Act To Implement the Attorney General's Recommendations on Data Collection in Order To Eliminate Profiling in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education and the Department of Health and Human Services To Study a Centralized Billing Process for Developmental and School-based Services Covered by the MaineCare Program and Other Insurers and Report on Updates to the Child Find Process. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education and the Department of Health and Human Services To Study a Centralized Billing Process for Developmental and School-based Services Covered by the MaineCare Program and Other Insurers and Report on Updates to the Child Find Process
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Absence from Work for Emergency Response. Description: An Act Regarding Absence from Work for Emergency Response
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Reading Proficiency Data Analysis. Description: Resolve, Regarding Reading Proficiency Data Analysis
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapters 33 to 43, Concerning the Regulation of Fantasy Contests, Major Substantive Rules of the Department of Public Safety, Gambling Control Unit. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapters 33 to 43, Concerning the Regulation of Fantasy Contests, Major Substantive Rules of the Department of Public Safety, Gambling Control Unit
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Technical Changes to the Tax Laws. Description: An Act To Make Technical Changes to the Tax Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Give the Commissioner of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Rule-making Authority To Establish a Bear Season Framework and Bag Limits. Description: An Act To Give the Commissioner of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Rule-making Authority To Establish a Bear Season Framework and Bag Limits
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Arrearage Management Program. Description: An Act Regarding the Arrearage Management Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Uniform Probate Code. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Uniform Probate Code
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the State Tax Assessor To Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the State Tax Assessor To Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Facilitate Licensure for Credentialed Individuals from Other Jurisdictions. Description: An Act To Facilitate Licensure for Credentialed Individuals from Other Jurisdictions
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Address Training Requirements for Harbor Masters. Description: An Act To Address Training Requirements for Harbor Masters
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Name Bridge 2267 in the Town of Embden and the Town of Solon the Jotham and Emma Stevens Bridge. Description: Resolve, To Name Bridge 2267 in the Town of Embden and the Town of Solon the Jotham and Emma Stevens Bridge
In 2021, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Board of Pesticides Control To Prohibit the Use of Certain Neonicotinoids for Outdoor Residential Use. Description: Resolve, Directing the Board of Pesticides Control To Prohibit the Use of Certain Neonicotinoids for Outdoor Residential Use
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Eliminate Inactive Boards and Commissions. Description: An Act To Eliminate Inactive Boards and Commissions
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Eliminate Time Limits for Placing Land in Trust Status under the Maine Indian Claims Settlement. Description: An Act To Eliminate Time Limits for Placing Land in Trust Status under the Maine Indian Claims Settlement
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Making Unified Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, Highway Fund and Other Funds and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2021, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023. Description: An Act Making Unified Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, Highway Fund and Other Funds and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2021, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Supplemental Allocations from the Highway Fund and Other Funds for the Expenditures of State Government and To Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2021. Description: An Act To Make Supplemental Allocations from the Highway Fund and Other Funds for the Expenditures of State Government and To Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2021
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Revise Maine's Environmental Laws. Description: An Act To Revise Maine's Environmental Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enable Out-of-state Certified Public Accountancy Firms To Provide Services in Maine on the Basis of Substantial Equivalency. Description: An Act To Enable Out-of-state Certified Public Accountancy Firms To Provide Services in Maine on the Basis of Substantial Equivalency
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Board of Pharmacy To Evaluate Existing Accommodations Available to Persons Who Are Visually Impaired To Access Prescription Information. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Board of Pharmacy To Evaluate Existing Accommodations Available to Persons Who Are Visually Impaired To Access Prescription Information
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Restore Honor to Certain Service Members. Description: An Act To Restore Honor to Certain Service Members
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement Maine's Roadmap to End Hunger by 2030. Description: An Act To Implement Maine's Roadmap to End Hunger by 2030
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Facilitate a Grade 9 to 16 School Project. Description: An Act To Facilitate a Grade 9 to 16 School Project
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Apprenticeship Programs. Description: An Act To Support Apprenticeship Programs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require a Review of Property Tax Assessment of Energy Efficiency Improvements. Description: Resolve, To Require a Review of Property Tax Assessment of Energy Efficiency Improvements
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding the Storage of Consumer Fireworks. Description: Resolve, Regarding the Storage of Consumer Fireworks
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Juneteenth as a Paid State Holiday. Description: An Act To Establish Juneteenth as a Paid State Holiday
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 234: Lead Testing in School Drinking Water Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 234: Lead Testing in School Drinking Water Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 1: Fee Schedule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Maine Land Use Planning Commission. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 1: Fee Schedule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Maine Land Use Planning Commission
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Coverage for Female Firefighters Facing Reproductive System Cancer. Description: An Act To Require Coverage for Female Firefighters Facing Reproductive System Cancer
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Agricultural Marketing Loan Fund and Agricultural Development Grant. Description: An Act To Improve the Agricultural Marketing Loan Fund and Agricultural Development Grant
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government and To Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2021. Description: An Act To Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government and To Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2021
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Making Unified Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, General Fund and Other Funds and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2021, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023. Description: An Act Making Unified Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, General Fund and Other Funds and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2021, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Maine Parentage Act. Description: An Act To Update the Maine Parentage Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Maine's Fish and Wildlife Licensing and Registration Laws. Description: An Act To Clarify Maine's Fish and Wildlife Licensing and Registration Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Modify Requirements for Multiple-party Accounts, Limited Purpose Financial Institutions and Mergers. Description: An Act To Modify Requirements for Multiple-party Accounts, Limited Purpose Financial Institutions and Mergers
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Treatment of Vacation Time upon the Cessation of Employment. Description: An Act Regarding the Treatment of Vacation Time upon the Cessation of Employment
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Limit the Use of Hydrofluorocarbons To Fight Climate Change. Description: An Act To Limit the Use of Hydrofluorocarbons To Fight Climate Change
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Recognize "My Sweet Maine" as Maine's Song of the 21st Century. Description: An Act To Recognize "My Sweet Maine" as Maine's Song of the 21st Century
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Public Utility Assessments, Fees and Penalties. Description: An Act Regarding Public Utility Assessments, Fees and Penalties
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists To Bill for Their Services. Description: An Act To Allow Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists To Bill for Their Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Develop a Plan for the Provision of Early Intervention Services. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Develop a Plan for the Provision of Early Intervention Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Adjust Sewer and Wastewater Lien Fees. Description: An Act To Adjust Sewer and Wastewater Lien Fees
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Waste Handling Fee Imposed on the Landfilling of Municipal Solid Waste. Description: An Act To Increase the Waste Handling Fee Imposed on the Landfilling of Municipal Solid Waste
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Advisory Committee on Truancy, Dropouts and Alternative Education To Study Truancy and Attendance in the State and Develop Recommendations To Improve Student Attendance. Description: Resolve, Directing the Advisory Committee on Truancy, Dropouts and Alternative Education To Study Truancy and Attendance in the State and Develop Recommendations To Improve Student Attendance
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Technical Changes to Maine's Marine Resources Laws. Description: An Act To Make Technical Changes to Maine's Marine Resources Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Board of Pesticides Control To Gather Information Relating to Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances in the State. Description: Resolve, Directing the Board of Pesticides Control To Gather Information Relating to Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances in the State
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Health Data Organization To Determine the Best Methods and Definitions To Use in Collecting Data To Better Understand Racial and Ethnic Disparities in the Provision of Health Care in Maine. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Health Data Organization To Determine the Best Methods and Definitions To Use in Collecting Data To Better Understand Racial and Ethnic Disparities in the Provision of Health Care in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Retirement Laws Pertaining to Certain Educational Technicians. Description: An Act To Amend the Retirement Laws Pertaining to Certain Educational Technicians
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Discontinue the Use of the SAT in Maine Schools. Description: An Act To Discontinue the Use of the SAT in Maine Schools
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Develop a Process for the Consideration and Implementation of Changes to Mandated Instruction or Training for Students. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Develop a Process for the Consideration and Implementation of Changes to Mandated Instruction or Training for Students
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Funding for Snowmobile Trails and Capital Equipment Grants. Description: An Act To Increase Funding for Snowmobile Trails and Capital Equipment Grants
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Analyze Funding To Address Student Achievement Gaps. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Analyze Funding To Address Student Achievement Gaps
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Address Licensure of Behavioral Health Practice in the State. Description: An Act To Address Licensure of Behavioral Health Practice in the State
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Continue the Green Power Electricity Offer. Description: An Act To Continue the Green Power Electricity Offer
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit the Use of Chlorpyrifos. Description: An Act To Prohibit the Use of Chlorpyrifos
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Office of the Public Advocate To Study Reforming Maine's System of Retail Electricity Supply To Provide More Options to Maine Customers and Support Maine's Climate Goals. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Office of the Public Advocate To Study Reforming Maine's System of Retail Electricity Supply To Provide More Options to Maine Customers and Support Maine's Climate Goals
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Socially Responsible Investing by the Maine Public Employees Retirement System by Prohibiting Investment in For-profit Prisons. Description: An Act To Promote Socially Responsible Investing by the Maine Public Employees Retirement System by Prohibiting Investment in For-profit Prisons
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide the Right to Counsel for Juveniles and Improve Due Process for Juveniles. Description: An Act To Provide the Right to Counsel for Juveniles and Improve Due Process for Juveniles
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Occupants of Motor Vehicles with Gold Star Family Registration Plates Free Entry to State Parks and Historic Sites. Description: An Act To Provide Occupants of Motor Vehicles with Gold Star Family Registration Plates Free Entry to State Parks and Historic Sites
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Students Who Experienced Significant Education Interruption as a Result of the COVID-19 Pandemic To Be Eligible for a Department of Education Diploma. Description: An Act To Allow Students Who Experienced Significant Education Interruption as a Result of the COVID-19 Pandemic To Be Eligible for a Department of Education Diploma
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Process of Disposal of Hospice Medications Used in the Home. Description: An Act To Improve the Process of Disposal of Hospice Medications Used in the Home
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reevaluate the Frenchboro Area Dragging Exclusion Zone. Description: An Act To Reevaluate the Frenchboro Area Dragging Exclusion Zone
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Help Maine Students Catch Up and Keep Up by Providing Remedial and Compensatory Assistance in Response to Education Disruption. Description: An Act To Help Maine Students Catch Up and Keep Up by Providing Remedial and Compensatory Assistance in Response to Education Disruption
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Requirements for Criminal History Record Checks Pursuant to the Federal Family First Prevention Services Act. Description: An Act To Clarify Requirements for Criminal History Record Checks Pursuant to the Federal Family First Prevention Services Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Permanent Appointment of a Member of a Federally Recognized Indian Nation, Tribe or Band in the State to the Marine Resources Advisory Council. Description: An Act To Establish a Permanent Appointment of a Member of a Federally Recognized Indian Nation, Tribe or Band in the State to the Marine Resources Advisory Council
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Review Maternal and Child Health Block Grant Spending. Description: Resolve, To Review Maternal and Child Health Block Grant Spending
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Updating Certain Probate Filing and Certification Fees To Reflect Current Costs. Description: An Act Updating Certain Probate Filing and Certification Fees To Reflect Current Costs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring the Use of Propane and Natural Gas Detectors. Description: An Act Requiring the Use of Propane and Natural Gas Detectors
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Facilitate Maine's Climate Goals by Encouraging Use of Electric Vehicles. Description: An Act To Facilitate Maine's Climate Goals by Encouraging Use of Electric Vehicles
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing an Examination of Issues Related to Operation of Watercraft on Waters of the State. Description: Resolve, Directing an Examination of Issues Related to Operation of Watercraft on Waters of the State
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Permanent Appointment of a Member of the Wabanaki Tribes to the Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Advisory Council. Description: An Act To Establish a Permanent Appointment of a Member of the Wabanaki Tribes to the Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Advisory Council
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require the Department of Education To Report on Family Income Data Collection. Description: Resolve, To Require the Department of Education To Report on Family Income Data Collection
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Statute of Limitations for Injuries or Harm Resulting from Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances. Description: An Act Regarding the Statute of Limitations for Injuries or Harm Resulting from Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Emergency Guardianship. Description: An Act Regarding Emergency Guardianship
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Resolve Conflicts in and Make Other Changes to the Laws Governing the Efficiency Maine Trust. Description: An Act To Resolve Conflicts in and Make Other Changes to the Laws Governing the Efficiency Maine Trust
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Establish the Process for Transitioning the Provision of Early Childhood Special Education Services for Children with Disabilities from 4 Years of Age to under 6 Years of Age from the Regional Child Development Services System to School Administrative Units. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Establish the Process for Transitioning the Provision of Early Childhood Special Education Services for Children with Disabilities from 4 Years of Age to under 6 Years of Age from the Regional Child Development Services System to School Administrative Units
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reestablish the Maine Lobster Marketing Collaborative. Description: An Act To Reestablish the Maine Lobster Marketing Collaborative
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide a Sales and Use Tax Exemption for Certain Nonprofit Cemeteries. Description: An Act To Provide a Sales and Use Tax Exemption for Certain Nonprofit Cemeteries
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Preserve Deer Habitat. Description: An Act To Preserve Deer Habitat
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update Dates and Committees of Jurisdiction for the State Government Evaluation Act Review of Agencies. Description: An Act To Update Dates and Committees of Jurisdiction for the State Government Evaluation Act Review of Agencies
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Production and Sale of Birch Syrup and Birch Syrup Products. Description: An Act Regarding the Production and Sale of Birch Syrup and Birch Syrup Products
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Voluntary Participation in Work Projects by Inmates Who Are Pretrial, Presentence and Sentenced. Description: An Act Regarding Voluntary Participation in Work Projects by Inmates Who Are Pretrial, Presentence and Sentenced
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Revised Unclaimed Property Act. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Revised Unclaimed Property Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enact the Maine Uniform Trust Decanting Act. Description: An Act To Enact the Maine Uniform Trust Decanting Act
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing Maine Revenue Services To Review and Report Regarding Worldwide Combined Reporting of Certain Corporations for Income Tax Purposes. Description: Resolve, Directing Maine Revenue Services To Review and Report Regarding Worldwide Combined Reporting of Certain Corporations for Income Tax Purposes
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect the Health of Students and Educators by Requiring School Emergency Management Plans To Address Health and Safety. Description: An Act To Protect the Health of Students and Educators by Requiring School Emergency Management Plans To Address Health and Safety
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide a Sales and Use Tax Exemption for Certain Educational Collaboratives. Description: An Act To Provide a Sales and Use Tax Exemption for Certain Educational Collaboratives
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Recording of Witness Interviews. Description: An Act Regarding Recording of Witness Interviews
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen the Ability of Public Employers and Teacher's Unions To Negotiate. Description: An Act To Strengthen the Ability of Public Employers and Teacher's Unions To Negotiate
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Increase Public Awareness Regarding Bone Marrow Donation. Description: Resolve, To Increase Public Awareness Regarding Bone Marrow Donation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Permanent Appointment of a Member of the Wabanaki Tribes to the Board of Trustees of the University of Maine System. Description: An Act To Establish a Permanent Appointment of a Member of the Wabanaki Tribes to the Board of Trustees of the University of Maine System
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Equity in the Shellfish Depuration Compensation Process for Municipalities by Increasing the Rate of Reimbursement Paid to Municipalities. Description: An Act To Ensure Equity in the Shellfish Depuration Compensation Process for Municipalities by Increasing the Rate of Reimbursement Paid to Municipalities
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Labor To Convene a Stakeholder Group To Examine Workforce Development Issues in the Hospitality and Food and Beverage Industries. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Labor To Convene a Stakeholder Group To Examine Workforce Development Issues in the Hospitality and Food and Beverage Industries
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support E-9-1-1 Dispatchers and Corrections Officers Diagnosed with Post-traumatic Stress Disorder. Description: An Act To Support E-9-1-1 Dispatchers and Corrections Officers Diagnosed with Post-traumatic Stress Disorder
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Safety across Maine's Construction Industry. Description: An Act To Ensure Safety across Maine's Construction Industry
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 104: Certain Payments Not Immediate, a Major Substantive Rule of the Treasurer of State. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 104: Certain Payments Not Immediate, a Major Substantive Rule of the Treasurer of State
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding School Discipline for Maine's Youngest Children. Description: An Act Regarding School Discipline for Maine's Youngest Children
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Create the Frequent Users System Engagement Collaborative. Description: Resolve, To Create the Frequent Users System Engagement Collaborative
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow for Fair Restitution by Providing That Restitution Includes the Cost of Analysis of Suspected Illegal Drugs If the Defendant Was Convicted of Trafficking and Was Motivated by Profit. Description: An Act To Allow for Fair Restitution by Providing That Restitution Includes the Cost of Analysis of Suspected Illegal Drugs If the Defendant Was Convicted of Trafficking and Was Motivated by Profit
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Criminal Code. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Criminal Code
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Change the Compensation Structure of the Maine Labor Relations Board and the State Board of Arbitration and Conciliation. Description: An Act To Change the Compensation Structure of the Maine Labor Relations Board and the State Board of Arbitration and Conciliation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Health and Human Services To Report on Child Abuse Prevention Efforts To Implement the Family First Prevention Services Act. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Health and Human Services To Report on Child Abuse Prevention Efforts To Implement the Family First Prevention Services Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 895: Underground Facility Damage Prevention Requirements, a Major Substantive Rule of the Public Utilities Commission. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 895: Underground Facility Damage Prevention Requirements, a Major Substantive Rule of the Public Utilities Commission
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Certification for Certain Mental Health Rehabilitation Technicians. Description: Resolve, Regarding Certification for Certain Mental Health Rehabilitation Technicians
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand the Disciplinary Authority of the Board of Trustees of the Maine Criminal Justice Academy. Description: An Act To Expand the Disciplinary Authority of the Board of Trustees of the Maine Criminal Justice Academy
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce the Tax Burden on Low-income Electricity Customers. Description: An Act To Reduce the Tax Burden on Low-income Electricity Customers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Consumer Protections for Community Solar Projects. Description: An Act To Improve Consumer Protections for Community Solar Projects
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Regulation of Door-to-door Marketing of Retail Energy Supply. Description: An Act To Improve Regulation of Door-to-door Marketing of Retail Energy Supply
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Teachers from a Decrease in Retirement Benefits Arising from the COVID-19 Pandemic. Description: An Act To Protect Teachers from a Decrease in Retirement Benefits Arising from the COVID-19 Pandemic
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Services Designed To Reduce the Number of So-called Robocalls and Automatically Dialed Telephone Calls. Description: An Act Regarding Services Designed To Reduce the Number of So-called Robocalls and Automatically Dialed Telephone Calls
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Citizen Members and the Complaint Review Committee of the Board of Trustees of the Maine Criminal Justice Academy. Description: An Act Regarding the Citizen Members and the Complaint Review Committee of the Board of Trustees of the Maine Criminal Justice Academy
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish and Promote a System of Safe Disposal of Expired Marine Flares. Description: An Act To Establish and Promote a System of Safe Disposal of Expired Marine Flares
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create New Models of Maine Manufacturing Employment and Education. Description: An Act To Create New Models of Maine Manufacturing Employment and Education
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Review and Assess State-mandated Instruction and Training for Students. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Review and Assess State-mandated Instruction and Training for Students
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Children from Exposure to Toxic Chemicals. Description: An Act To Protect Children from Exposure to Toxic Chemicals
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Health Care Data Analysis. Description: An Act To Improve Health Care Data Analysis
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine Veterans' Homes Stabilization Fund. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine Veterans' Homes Stabilization Fund
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Develop a Study Plan Relating to Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Contamination in the Agricultural Sector. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Develop a Study Plan Relating to Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Contamination in the Agricultural Sector
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Rights and Basic Protections of Persons with Acquired Brain Injuries. Description: An Act To Improve the Rights and Basic Protections of Persons with Acquired Brain Injuries
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Safe Haven Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Safe Haven Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance Tribal-State Collaboration in the Enforcement of Child Support. Description: An Act To Enhance Tribal-State Collaboration in the Enforcement of Child Support
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Create the Criminal Records Review Committee. Description: Resolve, To Create the Criminal Records Review Committee
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Save Money by Eliminating the Requirement That the Annual Reports of State Agencies Be Printed. Description: An Act To Save Money by Eliminating the Requirement That the Annual Reports of State Agencies Be Printed
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Working Farmland Access and Protection Program within the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry and a Working Farmland Access and Protection Fund within the Land for Maine's Future Program. Description: An Act To Establish a Working Farmland Access and Protection Program within the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry and a Working Farmland Access and Protection Fund within the Land for Maine's Future Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Hunting with a Bow on Land of Another Person within 100 Yards of a Building or Residence on That Land without Permission. Description: An Act To Prohibit Hunting with a Bow on Land of Another Person within 100 Yards of a Building or Residence on That Land without Permission
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Name a Bridge in the Town of Veazie the Hayward Carl Spencer Memorial Bridge. Description: Resolve, To Name a Bridge in the Town of Veazie the Hayward Carl Spencer Memorial Bridge
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Assist Students in Preparing for Opportunities To Live and Work in Maine. Description: An Act To Assist Students in Preparing for Opportunities To Live and Work in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Records of the Employment of Law Enforcement Officers and Corrections Officers. Description: An Act Concerning Records of the Employment of Law Enforcement Officers and Corrections Officers
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Food Sovereignty Act and To Recognize the Maine Food Sovereignty Act in Plantations and Unorganized Territories. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Food Sovereignty Act and To Recognize the Maine Food Sovereignty Act in Plantations and Unorganized Territories
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 6: Crisis Prevention and Intervention Services, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Aging and Disability Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 6: Crisis Prevention and Intervention Services, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Aging and Disability Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 113: Regulations Governing the Licensing and Functioning of Assisted Housing Programs: Infection Prevention and Control, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Division of Licensing and Certification. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 113: Regulations Governing the Licensing and Functioning of Assisted Housing Programs: Infection Prevention and Control, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Division of Licensing and Certification
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance Tribal-State Collaboration, To Revise the Tax Laws Regarding the Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians, the Passamaquoddy Tribe and the Penobscot Nation and To Authorize Casinos, Off-track Betting Facilities, Federally Recognized Indian Tribes and Certain Commercial Tracks To Conduct Sports Wagering. Description: An Act To Enhance Tribal-State Collaboration, To Revise the Tax Laws Regarding the Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians, the Passamaquoddy Tribe and the Penobscot Nation and To Authorize Casinos, Off-track Betting Facilities, Federally Recognized Indian Tribes and Certain Commercial Tracks To Conduct Sports Wagering
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Access to Justice for Victims of Child Sexual Abuse. Description: An Act To Provide Access to Justice for Victims of Child Sexual Abuse
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require MaineCare Coverage for Ostomy Equipment. Description: An Act To Require MaineCare Coverage for Ostomy Equipment
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Agency Liquor Store Licensing. Description: An Act Regarding Agency Liquor Store Licensing
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Restore Eelgrass Mapping and Enhance Salt Marsh Vegetation Mapping in the State. Description: An Act To Restore Eelgrass Mapping and Enhance Salt Marsh Vegetation Mapping in the State
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Report on Charter School Funding Methods and Reporting Protocols. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Report on Charter School Funding Methods and Reporting Protocols
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Marijuana Legalization Act. Description: An Act To Amend the Marijuana Legalization Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Child Protection System. Description: An Act Regarding the Child Protection System
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Direct the Department of Labor To Educate Business and Nonprofit Communities on Overtime Laws. Description: An Act To Direct the Department of Labor To Educate Business and Nonprofit Communities on Overtime Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish a Commission To Increase Housing Opportunities in Maine by Studying Zoning and Land Use Restrictions. Description: Resolve, To Establish a Commission To Increase Housing Opportunities in Maine by Studying Zoning and Land Use Restrictions
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Employer Recovery of Overcompensation Paid to an Employee. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Employer Recovery of Overcompensation Paid to an Employee
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Remove the Advanced Cardiac Life Support Certification Requirement for Dental Therapists. Description: An Act To Remove the Advanced Cardiac Life Support Certification Requirement for Dental Therapists
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Eligibility for Burial in the Maine Veterans' Memorial Cemetery System. Description: An Act Regarding Eligibility for Burial in the Maine Veterans' Memorial Cemetery System
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Develop a Plan for Teachers To Collect Social Security. Description: Resolve, To Develop a Plan for Teachers To Collect Social Security
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Number of Franklin County Commissioners. Description: An Act To Increase the Number of Franklin County Commissioners
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing a Review of Crucial Needs and Lapses in Responding to and Preventing Sexual Trauma in the Maine National Guard. Description: Resolve, Directing a Review of Crucial Needs and Lapses in Responding to and Preventing Sexual Trauma in the Maine National Guard
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Develop Recommendations Regarding Nonwater-dependent Floating Structures on Maine's Waters. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Develop Recommendations Regarding Nonwater-dependent Floating Structures on Maine's Waters
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Task Force To Study the Process for Bringing Criminal Cases in Situations of Violence against Health Care Workers. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Task Force To Study the Process for Bringing Criminal Cases in Situations of Violence against Health Care Workers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Develop Training for School Counselors and Review Limitations on Autism Spectrum Disorder Course Work for Special Education Certification. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Develop Training for School Counselors and Review Limitations on Autism Spectrum Disorder Course Work for Special Education Certification
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure That Children Receive Behavioral Health Services. Description: An Act To Ensure That Children Receive Behavioral Health Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Establish a Working Group To Determine Best Practices and Accountability Standards for School Boards To Manage the Performance of Superintendents. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Establish a Working Group To Determine Best Practices and Accountability Standards for School Boards To Manage the Performance of Superintendents
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Motor Vehicle Registration Violations. Description: An Act Regarding Motor Vehicle Registration Violations
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Create an Electronic Titling Work Group. Description: Resolve, To Create an Electronic Titling Work Group
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Stabilize Student Count in Maine's School Funding Formula. Description: An Act To Stabilize Student Count in Maine's School Funding Formula
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Maine Residents Losing Employer-based Health Coverage with Information about Other Coverage. Description: An Act To Provide Maine Residents Losing Employer-based Health Coverage with Information about Other Coverage
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Survey School Administrative Units and Review the Feasibility of a 30-minute Lunch Period for Students. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Survey School Administrative Units and Review the Feasibility of a 30-minute Lunch Period for Students
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding for 2 Veteran Service Officers in the Maine Bureau of Veterans' Services. Description: An Act To Provide Funding for 2 Veteran Service Officers in the Maine Bureau of Veterans' Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Equity in Petitions for Rulemaking under the Maine Administrative Procedure Act. Description: An Act To Ensure Equity in Petitions for Rulemaking under the Maine Administrative Procedure Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Use of an Additional Light on the Roof of Vehicles of Active Members of a Municipal or Volunteer Fire Department. Description: An Act To Allow the Use of an Additional Light on the Roof of Vehicles of Active Members of a Municipal or Volunteer Fire Department
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Establishing a Comprehensive Substance Use Disorder Treatment Pilot Program for Maine's Incarcerated Population. Description: Resolve, Establishing a Comprehensive Substance Use Disorder Treatment Pilot Program for Maine's Incarcerated Population
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Better Dental Care for Cancer Survivors. Description: An Act To Promote Better Dental Care for Cancer Survivors
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Public Ways Are Compliant with the Federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Description: An Act To Ensure Public Ways Are Compliant with the Federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Lobbyist Registration Fee. Description: An Act To Increase the Lobbyist Registration Fee
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure That Victims of Assault, Battery and False Imprisonment, Including Victims of Domestic Violence, Have Parity under Tort Law. Description: An Act To Ensure That Victims of Assault, Battery and False Imprisonment, Including Victims of Domestic Violence, Have Parity under Tort Law
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Farms and Address Food Insecurity. Description: An Act To Support Farms and Address Food Insecurity
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make the Pilot Program Providing Mental Health Case Management Services to Veterans a Permanent Program. Description: An Act To Make the Pilot Program Providing Mental Health Case Management Services to Veterans a Permanent Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Economic Development and Outdoor Recreation through Investment in State Parks. Description: An Act To Promote Economic Development and Outdoor Recreation through Investment in State Parks
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Improve Air Quality and Ventilation in Maine's Public Schools. Description: Resolve, To Improve Air Quality and Ventilation in Maine's Public Schools
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support the Recovery of Maine's Distilleries by Allowing the Sale of Cocktails for On-premises Consumption. Description: An Act To Support the Recovery of Maine's Distilleries by Allowing the Sale of Cocktails for On-premises Consumption
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Certain Appropriations and Allocations and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government. Description: An Act To Make Certain Appropriations and Allocations and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance and Improve the Maine Developmental Services Oversight and Advisory Board. Description: An Act To Enhance and Improve the Maine Developmental Services Oversight and Advisory Board
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Commission To Create a Plan To Incorporate the Probate Courts into the Judicial Branch. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Commission To Create a Plan To Incorporate the Probate Courts into the Judicial Branch
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Study the Establishment of the Maine Climate Corps. Description: Resolve, To Study the Establishment of the Maine Climate Corps
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Eliminate the Asset Test for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Description: Resolve, To Eliminate the Asset Test for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance the Ecological Reserve System. Description: An Act To Enhance the Ecological Reserve System
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Value of Property Exempt from Attachment and Execution. Description: An Act To Increase the Value of Property Exempt from Attachment and Execution
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Vaccine Board To Review and Make Recommendations Regarding Expanding the Universal Childhood Immunization Program To Include Adults. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Vaccine Board To Review and Make Recommendations Regarding Expanding the Universal Childhood Immunization Program To Include Adults
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Civil Mental Health Evaluations of Former Criminal Defendants. Description: An Act Regarding Civil Mental Health Evaluations of Former Criminal Defendants
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Criminal Services for Juveniles. Description: An Act Regarding Criminal Services for Juveniles
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Child Endangerment Laws To Include Certain Unauthorized Access to a Loaded Firearm. Description: An Act To Amend the Child Endangerment Laws To Include Certain Unauthorized Access to a Loaded Firearm
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow State Vehicles Assigned to Certain Maine Emergency Management Agency Employees To Be Used for Commuting. Description: An Act To Allow State Vehicles Assigned to Certain Maine Emergency Management Agency Employees To Be Used for Commuting
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize the Maine Emergency Management Agency To Requisition Food Supplies for Emergency Use or Special Duty Assignments. Description: An Act To Authorize the Maine Emergency Management Agency To Requisition Food Supplies for Emergency Use or Special Duty Assignments
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for Judicial Review in Compliance with the Federal Family First Prevention Services Act. Description: An Act To Provide for Judicial Review in Compliance with the Federal Family First Prevention Services Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure the Safety of Certain State Employees by Allowing Disclosure of Certain Confidential Information in Limited Circumstances. Description: An Act To Ensure the Safety of Certain State Employees by Allowing Disclosure of Certain Confidential Information in Limited Circumstances
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Economic and Community Development and a Representative from the Office of the Governor To Study the Softwood Pulp Industry. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Economic and Community Development and a Representative from the Office of the Governor To Study the Softwood Pulp Industry
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Availability of Mental Health Services for a Defendant Who Has Been Found Incompetent To Stand Trial. Description: An Act To Increase the Availability of Mental Health Services for a Defendant Who Has Been Found Incompetent To Stand Trial
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Apply the Civil Trespass Law to Hunting Dogs. Description: An Act To Apply the Civil Trespass Law to Hunting Dogs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator Certification. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Wastewater Treatment Plant Operator Certification
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Permit Naloxone Possession, Prescription, Administration and Distribution in Public and Private Schools. Description: An Act To Permit Naloxone Possession, Prescription, Administration and Distribution in Public and Private Schools
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Include within the Definitions of "Public Employee" and "Judicial Employee" Those Who Have Been Employed for Less Than 6 Months. Description: An Act To Include within the Definitions of "Public Employee" and "Judicial Employee" Those Who Have Been Employed for Less Than 6 Months
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Length of Time and Circumstances for Which a Sheriff May Furlough Individuals Incarcerated in a County Jail. Description: An Act To Amend the Length of Time and Circumstances for Which a Sheriff May Furlough Individuals Incarcerated in a County Jail
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enable Electronic Reporting of Suspected Child Abuse and Neglect for Certain Mandated Reporters. Description: An Act To Enable Electronic Reporting of Suspected Child Abuse and Neglect for Certain Mandated Reporters
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Uncontrolled Hazardous Substance Sites. Description: An Act Regarding Uncontrolled Hazardous Substance Sites
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Department of Corrections for Certified Batterer Intervention Programming. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Department of Corrections for Certified Batterer Intervention Programming
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Membership of the Sexual Assault Forensic Examiner Advisory Board. Description: An Act Regarding the Membership of the Sexual Assault Forensic Examiner Advisory Board
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Law Governing Approval Authority over and Oversight of Certified Nursing Assistant Educational Programs. Description: An Act To Amend the Law Governing Approval Authority over and Oversight of Certified Nursing Assistant Educational Programs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Change the Standard for Taking a Person into Protective Custody. Description: An Act To Change the Standard for Taking a Person into Protective Custody
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Align the Preconviction and Post-conviction Discretionary Deductions for Time Served. Description: An Act To Align the Preconviction and Post-conviction Discretionary Deductions for Time Served
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Clarifying Patient Consent for Certain Medical Examinations. Description: An Act Clarifying Patient Consent for Certain Medical Examinations
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure the Appropriate Allocation of Victim Restitution. Description: An Act To Ensure the Appropriate Allocation of Victim Restitution
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Child and Family Services and Child Protection Act. Description: An Act To Amend the Child and Family Services and Child Protection Act
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prevent Power Line Electrocutions. Description: An Act To Prevent Power Line Electrocutions
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Deferred Disposition. Description: An Act Regarding Deferred Disposition
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Create the Commission To Examine Reestablishing Parole. Description: Resolve, To Create the Commission To Examine Reestablishing Parole
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of the Secretary of State To Develop Website Information Related to Promoting Benefit Corporations. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of the Secretary of State To Develop Website Information Related to Promoting Benefit Corporations
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Fees Paid to Sheriffs and Their Deputies for Service of Civil Process Documents. Description: An Act To Increase the Fees Paid to Sheriffs and Their Deputies for Service of Civil Process Documents
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Continued Health-related Services for Children To Access Education. Description: An Act To Ensure Continued Health-related Services for Children To Access Education
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Issuance of a Birth Certificate Following a Gender Marker Change. Description: An Act Regarding the Issuance of a Birth Certificate Following a Gender Marker Change
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Municipal Grant Program To Promote Sustainable Economic Development. Description: An Act To Create a Municipal Grant Program To Promote Sustainable Economic Development
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Limit Reincarceration for Persons on Probation. Description: An Act To Limit Reincarceration for Persons on Probation
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Give Municipalities More Options in Municipal Elections. Description: An Act To Give Municipalities More Options in Municipal Elections
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Concerning Training and Assessments Related to Protection from Substantial Threats. Description: Resolve, Concerning Training and Assessments Related to Protection from Substantial Threats
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Have Maine Join the Interstate Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact. Description: An Act To Have Maine Join the Interstate Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Teachers' Privacy While Delivering Remote Instruction. Description: An Act To Protect Teachers' Privacy While Delivering Remote Instruction
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Consistency Regarding Persons Authorized To Conduct Examinations for Emergency Involuntary Commitment and Post-admission Examinations. Description: An Act To Provide Consistency Regarding Persons Authorized To Conduct Examinations for Emergency Involuntary Commitment and Post-admission Examinations
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Review the Progressive Treatment Program and Processes by Which a Person May Be Involuntarily Admitted to a Psychiatric Hospital or Receive Court-ordered Community Treatment. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Review the Progressive Treatment Program and Processes by Which a Person May Be Involuntarily Admitted to a Psychiatric Hospital or Receive Court-ordered Community Treatment
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Permanent Commission on the Status of Racial, Indigenous and Maine Tribal Populations To Study the Impact of Policies Regarding Agriculture, Access to Land, Access to Grants and Access to Financing on African American and Indigenous Farmers in the State. Description: Resolve, Directing the Permanent Commission on the Status of Racial, Indigenous and Maine Tribal Populations To Study the Impact of Policies Regarding Agriculture, Access to Land, Access to Grants and Access to Financing on African American and Indigenous Farmers in the State
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Certain Provisions Regarding the Marijuana Excise Tax. Description: An Act To Clarify Certain Provisions Regarding the Marijuana Excise Tax
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Motor Vehicle Emissions Control System Tampering. Description: An Act Concerning Motor Vehicle Emissions Control System Tampering
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Bulk Retail Purchasing. Description: An Act To Promote Bulk Retail Purchasing
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Government Accountability by Removing the Restriction on the Dissemination of Information Regarding Investigations. Description: An Act To Increase Government Accountability by Removing the Restriction on the Dissemination of Information Regarding Investigations
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Apportionment of the Franklin County Commissioner Districts. Description: An Act Regarding the Apportionment of the Franklin County Commissioner Districts
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Municipalities To Set Below-market Interest Rates for Senior Citizen Property Tax Deferral Programs. Description: An Act To Allow Municipalities To Set Below-market Interest Rates for Senior Citizen Property Tax Deferral Programs
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Essential Support Workforce Advisory Committee. Description: An Act To Create the Essential Support Workforce Advisory Committee
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enact the Uniform Foreign-country Money Judgments Recognition Act and the Uniform Registration of Canadian Money Judgments Act. Description: An Act To Enact the Uniform Foreign-country Money Judgments Recognition Act and the Uniform Registration of Canadian Money Judgments Act
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Passamaquoddy Tribal Members Access to Clean Drinking Water. Description: An Act To Provide Passamaquoddy Tribal Members Access to Clean Drinking Water
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Depth of Phillips Lake in the Town of Dedham. Description: An Act Regarding the Depth of Phillips Lake in the Town of Dedham
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the General Assistance Laws Governing Reimbursement. Description: An Act To Amend the General Assistance Laws Governing Reimbursement
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend Family Medical Leave to Hourly School Employees. Description: An Act To Extend Family Medical Leave to Hourly School Employees
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Certain Civil Court Records Accessible by the Public Only at the Courthouse. Description: An Act To Make Certain Civil Court Records Accessible by the Public Only at the Courthouse
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Data Privacy and Security in Elections. Description: An Act To Protect Data Privacy and Security in Elections
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish a Task Force To Study the Coordination of Services and Expansion of Educational Programs and Vocational Opportunities for Young Adults with Intellectual or Developmental Disabilities or Acquired Brain Injury. Description: Resolve, To Establish a Task Force To Study the Coordination of Services and Expansion of Educational Programs and Vocational Opportunities for Young Adults with Intellectual or Developmental Disabilities or Acquired Brain Injury
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend State Laws Relating to Net Energy Billing and the Procurement of Distributed Generation. Description: An Act To Amend State Laws Relating to Net Energy Billing and the Procurement of Distributed Generation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry and the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife To Jointly Develop Recommendations Regarding Carbon Storage Programs and Policies. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry and the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife To Jointly Develop Recommendations Regarding Carbon Storage Programs and Policies
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Maine's Medical Marijuana Program and Ensure Patient Access. Description: An Act To Support Maine's Medical Marijuana Program and Ensure Patient Access
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Appliance Energy and Water Standards. Description: An Act To Establish Appliance Energy and Water Standards
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Turkey Tagging. Description: An Act To Improve Turkey Tagging
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Notice by Health Insurance Carriers of Policy Changes. Description: An Act Regarding Notice by Health Insurance Carriers of Policy Changes
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding the Shore Damage Mitigation Project in Saco Bay. Description: Resolve, Regarding the Shore Damage Mitigation Project in Saco Bay
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Address the Long-term Impact of Economic Abuse by a Spouse. Description: An Act To Address the Long-term Impact of Economic Abuse by a Spouse
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Equity in Access to Applications for the National School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program. Description: An Act To Provide Equity in Access to Applications for the National School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Culturally Informed Programs and Services for Adjudicated Juveniles in the Custody of the Department of Corrections. Description: An Act To Ensure Culturally Informed Programs and Services for Adjudicated Juveniles in the Custody of the Department of Corrections
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand Access to Certified Substance Use Disorder Recovery Residence Services. Description: An Act To Expand Access to Certified Substance Use Disorder Recovery Residence Services
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Nondisclosure Agreements in Employment. Description: An Act Concerning Nondisclosure Agreements in Employment
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Rare Disease Advisory Council. Description: An Act To Establish the Rare Disease Advisory Council
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create an Access to Justice Income Tax Credit. Description: An Act To Create an Access to Justice Income Tax Credit
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Retroactively Grant Sick Leave Days to Public School Employees Affected by COVID-19. Description: An Act To Retroactively Grant Sick Leave Days to Public School Employees Affected by COVID-19
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Public Health by Eliminating Criminal Penalties for Possession of Hypodermic Apparatuses. Description: An Act To Promote Public Health by Eliminating Criminal Penalties for Possession of Hypodermic Apparatuses
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Continuing Education Requirement for Pharmacists. Description: An Act To Amend the Continuing Education Requirement for Pharmacists
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Outcomes for Persons with Limb Loss. Description: An Act To Improve Outcomes for Persons with Limb Loss
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Joint Use Entities To Establish Permanent Liaisons with All County Emergency Management Agencies. Description: An Act To Require Joint Use Entities To Establish Permanent Liaisons with All County Emergency Management Agencies
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Create the Working Group To Design Jail Resource Navigator Services for Maine County Jails. Description: Resolve, To Create the Working Group To Design Jail Resource Navigator Services for Maine County Jails
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine Service Fellows Program. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine Service Fellows Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Include Excluded Individuals on Insurance Cards. Description: An Act To Include Excluded Individuals on Insurance Cards
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding for the Maine Outdoor Heritage Fund Program. Description: An Act To Provide Funding for the Maine Outdoor Heritage Fund Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand the Crime of Violation of Privacy To Include Observing or Photographing Images Inside a Private Place That Would Not Ordinarily Be Visible Outside That Place. Description: An Act To Expand the Crime of Violation of Privacy To Include Observing or Photographing Images Inside a Private Place That Would Not Ordinarily Be Visible Outside That Place
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Outdoor Release or Abandonment of Balloons. Description: An Act Regarding the Outdoor Release or Abandonment of Balloons
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Arrearage Management Programs through Unused Kilowatt-hour Credits Derived from Net Energy Billing Arrangements. Description: An Act To Support Arrearage Management Programs through Unused Kilowatt-hour Credits Derived from Net Energy Billing Arrangements
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Courts' Authority To Protect Children When a Parent Has Been Awarded Sole Parental Rights and Responsibilities. Description: An Act Regarding Courts' Authority To Protect Children When a Parent Has Been Awarded Sole Parental Rights and Responsibilities
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create an Administrative Review Process for Hunting Violations. Description: An Act To Create an Administrative Review Process for Hunting Violations
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding To Support the Permanent Commission on the Status of Racial, Indigenous and Maine Tribal Populations. Description: An Act To Provide Funding To Support the Permanent Commission on the Status of Racial, Indigenous and Maine Tribal Populations
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect State Workers from Exposure to Harmful Substances. Description: An Act To Protect State Workers from Exposure to Harmful Substances
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning the Unannounced Execution of Search Warrants. Description: An Act Concerning the Unannounced Execution of Search Warrants
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect the Rights of Certain Incarcerated Individuals. Description: An Act To Protect the Rights of Certain Incarcerated Individuals
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create an Income Tax Return Checkoff for Hunger Prevention. Description: An Act To Create an Income Tax Return Checkoff for Hunger Prevention
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Promote the Education of Students Who Participate in Health Education Classes Regarding Common Cancer Symptoms, the Bone Marrow Registry and Organ Donation. Description: Resolve, To Promote the Education of Students Who Participate in Health Education Classes Regarding Common Cancer Symptoms, the Bone Marrow Registry and Organ Donation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Duties of School Boards Pursuant to the Laws Governing Attendance at Elementary and Secondary Schools. Description: An Act Regarding the Duties of School Boards Pursuant to the Laws Governing Attendance at Elementary and Secondary Schools
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Microgrids That Are in the Public Interest. Description: An Act To Allow Microgrids That Are in the Public Interest
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Minor Political Parties That Seek To Retain Qualified Party Status. Description: An Act To Protect Minor Political Parties That Seek To Retain Qualified Party Status
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Advance Palliative Care Utilization in the State. Description: An Act To Advance Palliative Care Utilization in the State
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Update the Rights of Recipients of Mental Health Services. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Update the Rights of Recipients of Mental Health Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Voter Registration Process. Description: An Act To Update the Voter Registration Process
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Relating to the Valuation of Improved Real Property. Description: An Act Relating to the Valuation of Improved Real Property
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Encourage the Renovation of Available Housing Stock. Description: An Act To Encourage the Renovation of Available Housing Stock
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Transportation Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Transportation Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Prescription Drug Pricing Transparency. Description: An Act To Increase Prescription Drug Pricing Transparency
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Sales Tax Exemption for the Purchase of Firearm Safety Devices. Description: An Act To Establish a Sales Tax Exemption for the Purchase of Firearm Safety Devices
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Service Contracts Act To Include the Replacement of Motor Vehicle Keys and Key Fobs and Damage to a Motor Vehicle That Results in Lease-end or Other Charges for Excessive Wear and Use. Description: An Act To Amend the Service Contracts Act To Include the Replacement of Motor Vehicle Keys and Key Fobs and Damage to a Motor Vehicle That Results in Lease-end or Other Charges for Excessive Wear and Use
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Law Regarding Advance Health Care Directives. Description: An Act To Amend the Law Regarding Advance Health Care Directives
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Phase Out Insurance Rating Based on Smoking History. Description: An Act To Phase Out Insurance Rating Based on Smoking History
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require Maine Postsecondary Educational Institutions To Review the Level of Student Debt and Develop Plans To Limit Student Debt. Description: Resolve, To Require Maine Postsecondary Educational Institutions To Review the Level of Student Debt and Develop Plans To Limit Student Debt
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Errors in Employment Tax Increment Financing Benefits. Description: An Act To Reduce Errors in Employment Tax Increment Financing Benefits
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Membership Requirements of the Board of Pesticides Control. Description: An Act To Amend the Membership Requirements of the Board of Pesticides Control
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Marina-based Restaurants in the Shoreland Zone. Description: An Act Concerning Marina-based Restaurants in the Shoreland Zone
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Relating to Fair Chance in Employment. Description: An Act Relating to Fair Chance in Employment
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Unauthorized Possession of a Firearm in a Correctional Facility or Jail. Description: An Act Regarding Unauthorized Possession of a Firearm in a Correctional Facility or Jail
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Curtail No-knock Warrants. Description: An Act To Curtail No-knock Warrants
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Delay State-mandated Teacher and Principal Evaluation. Description: An Act To Delay State-mandated Teacher and Principal Evaluation
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Excessive Telephone Charges in Maine Jails and Prisons. Description: An Act To Prohibit Excessive Telephone Charges in Maine Jails and Prisons
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Commercial Lobster License Holders To Possess a Marine Harvesting Demonstration License. Description: An Act To Allow Commercial Lobster License Holders To Possess a Marine Harvesting Demonstration License
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Include Career and Technical Education Teachers in the Minimum $40,000 Salary Initiative. Description: An Act To Include Career and Technical Education Teachers in the Minimum $40,000 Salary Initiative
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Teacher Certification Statutes. Description: An Act To Amend the Teacher Certification Statutes
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Exempt Certain Disabled Veterans from the Motor Vehicle Excise Tax. Description: An Act To Exempt Certain Disabled Veterans from the Motor Vehicle Excise Tax
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Funding to Qualifying Municipalities by Sharing Adult Use Marijuana Sales and Excise Tax Revenue. Description: An Act To Increase Funding to Qualifying Municipalities by Sharing Adult Use Marijuana Sales and Excise Tax Revenue
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Reporting on Spending for Behavioral Health Care Services and To Clarify Requirements for Credentialing by Health Insurance Carriers. Description: An Act Regarding Reporting on Spending for Behavioral Health Care Services and To Clarify Requirements for Credentialing by Health Insurance Carriers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing an Increase to the Maximum Annual Fund Balance for Public School Districts. Description: An Act Authorizing an Increase to the Maximum Annual Fund Balance for Public School Districts
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Bring Gender Parity to Corporate Boards. Description: An Act To Bring Gender Parity to Corporate Boards
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine State Housing Authority To Engage Stakeholders in an Examination of Fair Chance Housing Policy Options. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine State Housing Authority To Engage Stakeholders in an Examination of Fair Chance Housing Policy Options
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Wood-fired Combined Heat and Power Program. Description: An Act To Establish a Wood-fired Combined Heat and Power Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services To Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2021-22. Description: An Act To Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services To Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2021-22
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Electronic Tagging of Big Game Animals. Description: Resolve, Regarding Electronic Tagging of Big Game Animals
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Vehicle Safety within the Funeral Industry. Description: An Act To Require Vehicle Safety within the Funeral Industry
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require the State Auditor To Report on Corrective Actions Regarding the Administration of Federal Grants. Description: Resolve, To Require the State Auditor To Report on Corrective Actions Regarding the Administration of Federal Grants
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the State Tax Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the State Tax Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Public Records Exceptions. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Public Records Exceptions
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Permanent Commission on the Status of Racial, Indigenous and Maine Tribal Populations To Examine Restorative Justice. Description: Resolve, Directing the Permanent Commission on the Status of Racial, Indigenous and Maine Tribal Populations To Examine Restorative Justice
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Act. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend Electronic Proof of Registration to All-terrain Vehicles, Snowmobiles and Watercraft. Description: An Act To Extend Electronic Proof of Registration to All-terrain Vehicles, Snowmobiles and Watercraft
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure the Provision of Appropriate Personal Protective Equipment to Firefighters. Description: An Act To Ensure the Provision of Appropriate Personal Protective Equipment to Firefighters
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Shielding Fire Departments That Install Smoke and Carbon Monoxide Detectors from Liability. Description: An Act Shielding Fire Departments That Install Smoke and Carbon Monoxide Detectors from Liability
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Stakeholder Group Convened by the Emergency Medical Services' Board Related to Reimbursement Rates for Ambulance Services by Health Insurance Carriers and To Improve Participation of Ambulance Service Providers in Carrier Networks. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Stakeholder Group Convened by the Emergency Medical Services' Board Related to Reimbursement Rates for Ambulance Services by Health Insurance Carriers and To Improve Participation of Ambulance Service Providers in Carrier Networks
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Preserve Fair Housing in Maine. Description: An Act To Preserve Fair Housing in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Eliminate Limits on the Number of Taste-testing Events for Beer, Wine and Spirits. Description: An Act To Eliminate Limits on the Number of Taste-testing Events for Beer, Wine and Spirits
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Unlicensed Persons To Sell Caskets To Bury Human Remains. Description: An Act To Allow Unlicensed Persons To Sell Caskets To Bury Human Remains
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Increase Collaboration between the Maine State Housing Authority and the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, To Increase Collaboration between the Maine State Housing Authority and the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Facilitate the Inclusion of Crisis Response Services in Emergency Services Offered through the E-9-1-1 System. Description: Resolve, To Facilitate the Inclusion of Crisis Response Services in Emergency Services Offered through the E-9-1-1 System
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Sale and Use of Consumer Fireworks. Description: An Act Regarding the Sale and Use of Consumer Fireworks
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding a Post-judgment Motion To Seal the Criminal History Record Information for Certain Criminal Convictions. Description: An Act Regarding a Post-judgment Motion To Seal the Criminal History Record Information for Certain Criminal Convictions
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the State Employee Health Commission. Description: An Act Regarding the State Employee Health Commission
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Who Signs and Swears to a Certificate Stating the Results of a Breath-alcohol Test. Description: An Act To Clarify Who Signs and Swears to a Certificate Stating the Results of a Breath-alcohol Test
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding for the Maine Length of Service Award Program. Description: An Act To Provide Funding for the Maine Length of Service Award Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Maximize Service to Students by Adopting Conditional Allowances for Participation by Families of School Board Members in School Activities. Description: An Act To Maximize Service to Students by Adopting Conditional Allowances for Participation by Families of School Board Members in School Activities
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Maine Health Care Provider Loan Repayment Program. Description: An Act To Create the Maine Health Care Provider Loan Repayment Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Maine Electricity Customers from Threats of Disconnection in the Wintertime. Description: An Act To Protect Maine Electricity Customers from Threats of Disconnection in the Wintertime
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning the Controlled Substances Prescription Monitoring Program and the Dispensing of Naloxone Hydrochloride by Emergency Medical Services Providers. Description: An Act Concerning the Controlled Substances Prescription Monitoring Program and the Dispensing of Naloxone Hydrochloride by Emergency Medical Services Providers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Discontinue the Use of the Terms "Handicap," "Handicapped" and "Hearing Impaired" in State Laws, Rules and Official Documents. Description: An Act To Discontinue the Use of the Terms "Handicap," "Handicapped" and "Hearing Impaired" in State Laws, Rules and Official Documents
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Authority of the Department of Health and Human Services during a Public Health Emergency. Description: An Act To Clarify the Authority of the Department of Health and Human Services during a Public Health Emergency
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Fees Charged for Responding to Public Records Requests. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Fees Charged for Responding to Public Records Requests
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Study Incentives for Residential Fire Sprinkler Systems. Description: Resolve, To Study Incentives for Residential Fire Sprinkler Systems
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Develop and Adopt an Active Transportation Plan. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Develop and Adopt an Active Transportation Plan
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Keep All Maine Students Safe by Restricting the Use of Seclusion and Restraint in Schools. Description: An Act To Keep All Maine Students Safe by Restricting the Use of Seclusion and Restraint in Schools
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify and Enhance Maine's Fish and Wildlife Laws. Description: An Act To Clarify and Enhance Maine's Fish and Wildlife Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Campaign Finance Disclosure and the Filing of Statements of Sources of Income. Description: An Act Regarding Campaign Finance Disclosure and the Filing of Statements of Sources of Income
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Protections for Option Contracts for the Purchase of Real Property or Rent-to-own Real Property. Description: An Act To Increase Protections for Option Contracts for the Purchase of Real Property or Rent-to-own Real Property
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Improve Access to Bariatric Care. Description: Resolve, To Improve Access to Bariatric Care
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Maritime Education in Maine. Description: An Act To Improve Maritime Education in Maine
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Maximize Health Care Coverage for the Uninsured through Easy Enrollment in the MaineCare Program or in a Qualified Health Plan in the Marketplace. Description: An Act To Maximize Health Care Coverage for the Uninsured through Easy Enrollment in the MaineCare Program or in a Qualified Health Plan in the Marketplace
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Directing the Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention To Release Annually Public Health Data Regarding Certain Fatalities and Hospitalizations. Description: An Act Directing the Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention To Release Annually Public Health Data Regarding Certain Fatalities and Hospitalizations
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine State Housing Authority To Assist the City of Lewiston with its Rental Registration Program. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine State Housing Authority To Assist the City of Lewiston with its Rental Registration Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Continue Temporary Modification of Certain In-person Notarization and Acknowledgement Requirements and Developing Permanent Implementation of Remote and Online Notarization. Description: An Act To Continue Temporary Modification of Certain In-person Notarization and Acknowledgement Requirements and Developing Permanent Implementation of Remote and Online Notarization
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Towing Operators Providing Emergency Assistance by Allowing the Use of a Flashing Green Light. Description: An Act To Protect Towing Operators Providing Emergency Assistance by Allowing the Use of a Flashing Green Light
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Dedicate a Portion of Route 6 from Lee to Springfield in Honor of Sgt. Blair Emery. Description: Resolve, To Dedicate a Portion of Route 6 from Lee to Springfield in Honor of Sgt. Blair Emery
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Availability of Intranasal Naloxone in Community and Corrections Settings. Description: An Act To Increase the Availability of Intranasal Naloxone in Community and Corrections Settings
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Achieve Carbon Neutrality in Maine by the Year 2045. Description: An Act To Achieve Carbon Neutrality in Maine by the Year 2045
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Certain Veterans' Organizations To Be Billed for Electricity Usage at the Same Rate as Residential Customers and To Require the Public Utilities Commission To Consider Rate Design Modifications. Description: An Act To Allow Certain Veterans' Organizations To Be Billed for Electricity Usage at the Same Rate as Residential Customers and To Require the Public Utilities Commission To Consider Rate Design Modifications
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Municipal Gigabit Broadband Network Access Fund. Description: An Act To Update the Municipal Gigabit Broadband Network Access Fund
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Motor Vehicle Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Motor Vehicle Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Controlled Entry Areas within Retail Marijuana Stores. Description: An Act Regarding Controlled Entry Areas within Retail Marijuana Stores
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify All-terrain Vehicle Registration Requirements and Establish Regular Maintenance of Designated State-approved All-terrain Vehicle Trails. Description: An Act To Clarify All-terrain Vehicle Registration Requirements and Establish Regular Maintenance of Designated State-approved All-terrain Vehicle Trails
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a James Weldon Johnson Annual Observance Day and an Observance Task Force. Description: An Act To Create a James Weldon Johnson Annual Observance Day and an Observance Task Force
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Aid Municipalities in the Issuance of Concealed Handgun Permits. Description: An Act To Aid Municipalities in the Issuance of Concealed Handgun Permits
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Fairness in Communications from Pharmacy Benefits Managers. Description: An Act To Provide Fairness in Communications from Pharmacy Benefits Managers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Align the Expulsion Process with School Disciplinary Policies. Description: An Act To Align the Expulsion Process with School Disciplinary Policies
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Survivors of Sex Trafficking and Exploitation. Description: An Act To Support Survivors of Sex Trafficking and Exploitation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Efficiency of Certain Consumer Credit Protection Laws. Description: An Act To Improve the Efficiency of Certain Consumer Credit Protection Laws
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote a Circular Economy through Increased Post-consumer Recycled Plastic Content in Plastic Beverage Containers. Description: An Act To Promote a Circular Economy through Increased Post-consumer Recycled Plastic Content in Plastic Beverage Containers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support All-terrain Vehicle Trail Improvement. Description: An Act To Support All-terrain Vehicle Trail Improvement
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Provide Add-on Payments for Ambulance Services Reimbursed by the MaineCare Program and To Increase Reimbursement Rates for Physical Therapy under the MaineCare Program. Description: Resolve, To Provide Add-on Payments for Ambulance Services Reimbursed by the MaineCare Program and To Increase Reimbursement Rates for Physical Therapy under the MaineCare Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Reimbursement for Providing Inpatient Care to Individuals with Acute Mental Health Care Needs. Description: Resolve, Regarding Reimbursement for Providing Inpatient Care to Individuals with Acute Mental Health Care Needs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Outdoor Recreational Opportunities for Maine Students. Description: An Act To Promote Outdoor Recreational Opportunities for Maine Students
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require the Use of Homelessness Crisis Protocols by Law Enforcement Agencies. Description: An Act To Require the Use of Homelessness Crisis Protocols by Law Enforcement Agencies
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Review of Law Enforcement Use of Deadly Force. Description: An Act Regarding the Review of Law Enforcement Use of Deadly Force
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act to Modify the Requirements for Political Action Committees and Ballot Question Committees. Description: An Act to Modify the Requirements for Political Action Committees and Ballot Question Committees
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Investigations of Child Sexual Abuse. Description: An Act To Improve Investigations of Child Sexual Abuse
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Study and Recommend Improvements to Maine's Dam Safety. Description: Resolve, To Study and Recommend Improvements to Maine's Dam Safety
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Classification of Service Employees. Description: An Act To Update the Classification of Service Employees
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Home and Community-based Services for Adults with Intellectual Disabilities, Autism, Brain Injury and Other Related Conditions. Description: An Act To Improve Home and Community-based Services for Adults with Intellectual Disabilities, Autism, Brain Injury and Other Related Conditions
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Stop Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Pollution. Description: An Act To Stop Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Pollution
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Restrict the Use of Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances in Firefighting Foam. Description: An Act To Restrict the Use of Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances in Firefighting Foam
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Continue until July 1, 2021 Limited-period Positions Expiring in June 2021. Description: Resolve, To Continue until July 1, 2021 Limited-period Positions Expiring in June 2021
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine Abandoned and Discontinued Roads Commission. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine Abandoned and Discontinued Roads Commission
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen Protections against Civil Asset Forfeiture. Description: An Act To Strengthen Protections against Civil Asset Forfeiture
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update and Eliminate References in Statute to Selectmen and Overseers of the Poor. Description: An Act To Update and Eliminate References in Statute to Selectmen and Overseers of the Poor
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow People To Live in Tiny Homes as a Primary or Accessory Dwelling. Description: An Act To Allow People To Live in Tiny Homes as a Primary or Accessory Dwelling
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Foreign Credentialing and Skills Recognition Revolving Loan Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Foreign Credentialing and Skills Recognition Revolving Loan Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Municipal Public Hearings on Citizen-initiated Municipal Referenda. Description: An Act Regarding Municipal Public Hearings on Citizen-initiated Municipal Referenda
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Access to Fertility Care. Description: An Act To Provide Access to Fertility Care
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support and Improve Municipal Recycling Programs and Save Taxpayer Money. Description: An Act To Support and Improve Municipal Recycling Programs and Save Taxpayer Money
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Repeal and Replace the Kittery Water District Charter. Description: An Act To Repeal and Replace the Kittery Water District Charter
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Directing the Maine State Housing Authority To Report on Emergency Rental Assistance Programs. Description: An Act Directing the Maine State Housing Authority To Report on Emergency Rental Assistance Programs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Alleviate the Disproportionate Impact of COVID-19 and Public Health Outcomes. Description: Resolve, To Alleviate the Disproportionate Impact of COVID-19 and Public Health Outcomes
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ban the Sale of Cosmetics That Have Been Tested on Animals. Description: An Act To Ban the Sale of Cosmetics That Have Been Tested on Animals
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Climate Change Transition Assistance for Maine's Energy-intensive Businesses. Description: An Act To Provide Climate Change Transition Assistance for Maine's Energy-intensive Businesses
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Establishing the Commission To Study the Role of Water as a Resource in the State of Maine. Description: Resolve, Establishing the Commission To Study the Role of Water as a Resource in the State of Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Analyze the Impact of Sea Level Rise. Description: Resolve, To Analyze the Impact of Sea Level Rise
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Maine's Election Laws. Description: An Act To Improve Maine's Election Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Privacy and Security by Regulating the Use of Facial Surveillance Systems by Departments, Public Employees and Public Officials. Description: An Act To Increase Privacy and Security by Regulating the Use of Facial Surveillance Systems by Departments, Public Employees and Public Officials
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Replace Certain Stigmatizing Language in the Maine Revised Statutes with Respectful Language. Description: Resolve, To Replace Certain Stigmatizing Language in the Maine Revised Statutes with Respectful Language
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Equity in the Membership of the Marijuana Advisory Commission. Description: An Act To Ensure Equity in the Membership of the Marijuana Advisory Commission
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Identify Places with Offensive Names and Methods of Changing Those Names. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Identify Places with Offensive Names and Methods of Changing Those Names
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Pathways to Rehabilitation, Reentry and Reintegration. Description: An Act To Provide Pathways to Rehabilitation, Reentry and Reintegration
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Investigate Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substance Contamination of Land and Groundwater. Description: An Act To Investigate Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substance Contamination of Land and Groundwater
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Committee To Study the Feasibility of Creating Basic Income Security. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Committee To Study the Feasibility of Creating Basic Income Security
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Qualifications for Licensure as a Physician or Surgeon. Description: An Act Regarding the Qualifications for Licensure as a Physician or Surgeon
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To License Ambulance Drivers Who Are Not Licensed To Provide Emergency Medical Services. Description: An Act To License Ambulance Drivers Who Are Not Licensed To Provide Emergency Medical Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand Tenant Representation on Boards of Directors of Nonprofit Housing Corporations. Description: An Act To Expand Tenant Representation on Boards of Directors of Nonprofit Housing Corporations
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Equity in Policy Making by Enhancing the State's Ability To Collect, Analyze and Apply Data. Description: An Act To Promote Equity in Policy Making by Enhancing the State's Ability To Collect, Analyze and Apply Data
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Maine's Harness Racing Laws Regarding Race Dates and Pari-mutuel Pools. Description: An Act To Amend Maine's Harness Racing Laws Regarding Race Dates and Pari-mutuel Pools
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Facilitate Children's Testimony in Certain Sex Crime Cases. Description: An Act To Facilitate Children's Testimony in Certain Sex Crime Cases
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Economic and Community Development, the Department of Labor and the Department of Transportation To Develop Partnerships with Businesses, Unions and Educational Programs and Institutions To Provide Training and Transportation for Workers. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Economic and Community Development, the Department of Labor and the Department of Transportation To Develop Partnerships with Businesses, Unions and Educational Programs and Institutions To Provide Training and Transportation for Workers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Victim Services Laws To Define "Restorative Justice". Description: An Act To Amend the Victim Services Laws To Define "Restorative Justice"
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Create a Stakeholder Group To Identify the Needs of Long-term Care Family Caregivers. Description: Resolve, To Create a Stakeholder Group To Identify the Needs of Long-term Care Family Caregivers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Number of Lincolnville Sewer District Trustees from 3 to 5. Description: An Act To Increase the Number of Lincolnville Sewer District Trustees from 3 to 5
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Banning Polystyrene Foam Regarding Packaging for Meat, Poultry, Fish, Seafood and Eggs. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Banning Polystyrene Foam Regarding Packaging for Meat, Poultry, Fish, Seafood and Eggs
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Laws Regarding the Maine Educational Center for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing and the Governor Baxter School for the Deaf. Description: An Act To Update the Laws Regarding the Maine Educational Center for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing and the Governor Baxter School for the Deaf
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Minor Changes and Corrections to Statutes Administered by the Department of Environmental Protection. Description: An Act To Make Minor Changes and Corrections to Statutes Administered by the Department of Environmental Protection
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 124: Emergency Medical Services Personnel Reporting Rule, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 124: Emergency Medical Services Personnel Reporting Rule, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Stabilize State Funding for County Corrections. Description: An Act To Stabilize State Funding for County Corrections
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Energy-efficient Affordable Housing. Description: An Act To Promote Energy-efficient Affordable Housing
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Maine Clean Energy and Sustainability Accelerator. Description: An Act To Create the Maine Clean Energy and Sustainability Accelerator
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Modify Dental Licensure Requirements To Consider Credentialed Individuals from Other Jurisdictions. Description: An Act To Modify Dental Licensure Requirements To Consider Credentialed Individuals from Other Jurisdictions
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Maine's Sales Prohibition on Upholstered Furniture Treated with Flame-retardant Chemicals. Description: An Act Regarding Maine's Sales Prohibition on Upholstered Furniture Treated with Flame-retardant Chemicals
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Boating Safety on Maine Waters. Description: An Act To Improve Boating Safety on Maine Waters
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Integrate African American Studies and the History of Genocide into the Statewide System of Learning Results. Description: An Act To Integrate African American Studies and the History of Genocide into the Statewide System of Learning Results
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Small Enterprise Growth Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Small Enterprise Growth Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require the Public Utilities Commission To Issue a Request for Information on a Statewide, Multiple-use Online Energy Data Platform. Description: Resolve, To Require the Public Utilities Commission To Issue a Request for Information on a Statewide, Multiple-use Online Energy Data Platform
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require That Private Schools That Enroll 60 Percent or More Publicly Funded Students Meet Certain Requirements. Description: An Act To Require That Private Schools That Enroll 60 Percent or More Publicly Funded Students Meet Certain Requirements
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Fair Housing Goals in Certain Communities in Maine. Description: An Act To Establish Fair Housing Goals in Certain Communities in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Access to Medical Care for and Expand the Rights of Adult Clients of State Correctional Facilities. Description: An Act To Improve Access to Medical Care for and Expand the Rights of Adult Clients of State Correctional Facilities
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Certain Provisions of Maine's Drug Laws. Description: An Act To Amend Certain Provisions of Maine's Drug Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Limit Access to Juvenile Case Records and Protect the Confidentiality of Juvenile History Record Information. Description: An Act To Limit Access to Juvenile Case Records and Protect the Confidentiality of Juvenile History Record Information
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Consideration of Climate Impacts by the Public Utilities Commission and To Incorporate Equity Considerations in Decision Making by State Agencies. Description: An Act To Require Consideration of Climate Impacts by the Public Utilities Commission and To Incorporate Equity Considerations in Decision Making by State Agencies
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Strengthen Maine's Workforce by Expanding English Language Acquisition and Workforce Training Programs. Description: Resolve, To Strengthen Maine's Workforce by Expanding English Language Acquisition and Workforce Training Programs
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Public Defender Positions and Provide Support for Indigent Legal Services Providers. Description: An Act To Establish Public Defender Positions and Provide Support for Indigent Legal Services Providers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Provision of Indigent Legal Services. Description: An Act To Improve the Provision of Indigent Legal Services
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Maine Redevelopment Land Bank Authority. Description: An Act To Create the Maine Redevelopment Land Bank Authority
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Allocations for the Administration of State Fiscal Recovery Funds. Description: An Act To Provide Allocations for the Administration of State Fiscal Recovery Funds
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue To Improve Transportation. Description: An Act To Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue To Improve Transportation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Bail Code. Description: An Act To Amend the Bail Code
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Full Payment of the State's Salary Supplement Obligation to Teachers with National Board Certification. Description: An Act To Ensure Full Payment of the State's Salary Supplement Obligation to Teachers with National Board Certification
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Accidental Drug Overdose Death Review Panel. Description: An Act To Establish the Accidental Drug Overdose Death Review Panel
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Dignity for Women in Correctional Facilities. Description: An Act Regarding Dignity for Women in Correctional Facilities
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Access to All Paths to Recovery for Persons Affected by Opioids Using Money Obtained through Litigation against Opioid Manufacturers. Description: An Act To Ensure Access to All Paths to Recovery for Persons Affected by Opioids Using Money Obtained through Litigation against Opioid Manufacturers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Winter Maintenance on Private Roads in the Town of Windham. Description: An Act Regarding Winter Maintenance on Private Roads in the Town of Windham
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Correct Inconsistencies, Conflicts and Errors in the Laws of Maine. Description: An Act To Correct Inconsistencies, Conflicts and Errors in the Laws of Maine
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Sales Tax Exemption for Nonprofit Housing Development Organizations. Description: An Act To Amend the Sales Tax Exemption for Nonprofit Housing Development Organizations
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Fund Collective Bargaining Agreements with Executive Branch Employees. Description: An Act To Fund Collective Bargaining Agreements with Executive Branch Employees
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reapportion the Districts of the State House of Representatives. Description: An Act To Reapportion the Districts of the State House of Representatives
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reapportion Maine's Congressional Districts. Description: An Act To Reapportion Maine's Congressional Districts
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reapportion the County Commissioner Districts. Description: An Act To Reapportion the County Commissioner Districts
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Convey Certain Land in Penobscot County. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Convey Certain Land in Penobscot County
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Technical Changes to Maine Tax Laws. Description: An Act To Make Technical Changes to Maine Tax Laws
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Access to Telehealth Behavioral Health Services during Public Health Emergencies. Description: An Act Regarding Access to Telehealth Behavioral Health Services during Public Health Emergencies
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend the Legal Hours for Harvesting Lobster in the Month of September. Description: An Act To Extend the Legal Hours for Harvesting Lobster in the Month of September
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Boothbay Harbor Sewer District To Set the Terms of Its Trustees at 3 Years. Description: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Boothbay Harbor Sewer District To Set the Terms of Its Trustees at 3 Years
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Inspection Requirement for Facilities for Children and Adults with a National Accreditation. Description: An Act To Amend the Inspection Requirement for Facilities for Children and Adults with a National Accreditation
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Law Regarding Expiration of Disability Plates and Placards and Fees for Recycler Licenses. Description: An Act To Amend the Law Regarding Expiration of Disability Plates and Placards and Fees for Recycler Licenses
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update References to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Contained in the Maine Revised Statutes. Description: An Act To Update References to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Contained in the Maine Revised Statutes
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make a Technical Correction Concerning Maine's Earned Income Tax Credit. Description: An Act To Make a Technical Correction Concerning Maine's Earned Income Tax Credit
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Child Care for Working Families. Description: An Act To Support Child Care for Working Families
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Remove Watson's Bridge in the Town of Littleton from the List of Historic Bridges for Which the State Is Responsible for Maintenance and Rehabilitation. Description: An Act To Remove Watson's Bridge in the Town of Littleton from the List of Historic Bridges for Which the State Is Responsible for Maintenance and Rehabilitation
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Tribal Representation in the Public Health Infrastructure. Description: An Act To Ensure Tribal Representation in the Public Health Infrastructure
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Private Sale of Certain State Surplus Property to State Employees. Description: An Act To Allow the Private Sale of Certain State Surplus Property to State Employees
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Align the Child and Family Services and Child Protection Act with Federal Law. Description: An Act To Align the Child and Family Services and Child Protection Act with Federal Law
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Commercial Halibut Fishing License. Description: An Act To Create a Commercial Halibut Fishing License
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Advisory Panel To Better Understand and Make Recommendations Regarding the Implications of Genome-editing Technology for the Citizens of the State. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Advisory Panel To Better Understand and Make Recommendations Regarding the Implications of Genome-editing Technology for the Citizens of the State
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Remote Meeting Law in Maine's Freedom of Access Act. Description: An Act To Amend the Remote Meeting Law in Maine's Freedom of Access Act
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Clarifying the Rights to Legal Representation and To Communicate with Others for Individuals Subject to Guardianship. Description: An Act Clarifying the Rights to Legal Representation and To Communicate with Others for Individuals Subject to Guardianship
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding MaineCare Funding for Maine Schools. Description: Resolve, Regarding MaineCare Funding for Maine Schools
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Pharmacists To Dispense an Emergency Supply of Chronic Maintenance Drugs. Description: An Act To Allow Pharmacists To Dispense an Emergency Supply of Chronic Maintenance Drugs
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Health Care Affordability and Increase Options for Comprehensive Coverage for Individuals and Small Businesses in Maine. Description: An Act To Improve Health Care Affordability and Increase Options for Comprehensive Coverage for Individuals and Small Businesses in Maine
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Election Integrity by Regulating Possession of Ballots and Voting Machines and Devices. Description: An Act To Protect Election Integrity by Regulating Possession of Ballots and Voting Machines and Devices
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Unorganized Territory School Staff To Receive Annualized Pay. Description: An Act To Allow Unorganized Territory School Staff To Receive Annualized Pay
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Statewide Economic Recovery through Strategic Investments. Description: An Act To Support Statewide Economic Recovery through Strategic Investments
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the State Tax Assessor To Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the State Tax Assessor To Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update Statutory References to Building Code Standards for Public Improvements. Description: An Act To Update Statutory References to Building Code Standards for Public Improvements
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Coordinate Marine Port Development. Description: An Act To Coordinate Marine Port Development
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maine Length of Service Award Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maine Length of Service Award Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Health Insurance Coverage for Certain Adults with Disabilities. Description: An Act To Ensure Health Insurance Coverage for Certain Adults with Disabilities
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Modify Exemptions for Certain Storm Water Discharges to Class AA and SA Waters. Description: An Act To Modify Exemptions for Certain Storm Water Discharges to Class AA and SA Waters
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Requirements of the Reorganization Plan for the Formation of Regional School Units. Description: An Act To Amend the Requirements of the Reorganization Plan for the Formation of Regional School Units
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Attract and Retain Firefighters and Emergency Medical Services Personnel through the Maine Length of Service Award Program. Description: An Act To Attract and Retain Firefighters and Emergency Medical Services Personnel through the Maine Length of Service Award Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Consistency in the Laws Regarding Domestic Partners. Description: An Act To Provide Consistency in the Laws Regarding Domestic Partners
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Labor Education through the University of Maine System. Description: An Act To Promote Labor Education through the University of Maine System
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the State's Adult Use Marijuana Tracking System To Track Plants and Products by Group. Description: An Act To Allow the State's Adult Use Marijuana Tracking System To Track Plants and Products by Group
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Public Election Officials. Description: An Act To Protect Public Election Officials
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Access to Behavioral Health Services by Limiting Cost Sharing by Insurers. Description: An Act To Improve Access to Behavioral Health Services by Limiting Cost Sharing by Insurers
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Enforcement Provisions of the Law Governing Earned Paid Leave. Description: An Act To Amend the Enforcement Provisions of the Law Governing Earned Paid Leave
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Commission To Develop a Pilot Program To Provide Legal Representation to Families in the Child Protection System. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Commission To Develop a Pilot Program To Provide Legal Representation to Families in the Child Protection System
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Reporting by the Interagency Task Force on Invasive Aquatic Plants and Nuisance Species Regarding Recommendations To Reduce the Threat of Further Infestations. Description: An Act To Require Reporting by the Interagency Task Force on Invasive Aquatic Plants and Nuisance Species Regarding Recommendations To Reduce the Threat of Further Infestations
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Permit Curbside Pickup and Limited Delivery of Adult Use Marijuana. Description: An Act To Permit Curbside Pickup and Limited Delivery of Adult Use Marijuana
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 283: Newborn Bloodspot Screening Rule, Section 14, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 283: Newborn Bloodspot Screening Rule, Section 14, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 120: Release of Data to the Public, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 120: Release of Data to the Public, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Secretary of State To Use an Electronic Lien Titling Program for the Purposes of the Maine Motor Vehicle Certificate of Title and Antitheft Act. Description: An Act To Allow the Secretary of State To Use an Electronic Lien Titling Program for the Purposes of the Maine Motor Vehicle Certificate of Title and Antitheft Act
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Provisions in the Laws Governing Aquaculture Leases. Description: An Act To Amend Provisions in the Laws Governing Aquaculture Leases
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Education Statutes. Description: An Act To Amend the Education Statutes
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow for a Variance Rate in the Amount and Potency of Cannabinoids in Adult Use Edible Marijuana Products. Description: An Act To Allow for a Variance Rate in the Amount and Potency of Cannabinoids in Adult Use Edible Marijuana Products
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit a Public Utility from Terminating or Disconnecting Service to a Public Safety Facility without Advance Notice and Approval. Description: An Act To Prohibit a Public Utility from Terminating or Disconnecting Service to a Public Safety Facility without Advance Notice and Approval
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Availability of Assertive Community Treatment Services. Description: An Act To Increase the Availability of Assertive Community Treatment Services
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Inspection Requirements for Hospitals and Certain Nursing Facilities. Description: An Act To Clarify Inspection Requirements for Hospitals and Certain Nursing Facilities
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 305: Rules and Regulations Pertaining to Traffic Movement Permits, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Transportation. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 305: Rules and Regulations Pertaining to Traffic Movement Permits, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Transportation
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 33: Family Child Care Provider Licensing Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Child and Family Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 33: Family Child Care Provider Licensing Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Child and Family Services
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 34: Child Care Provider (Child Care Facilities and Family Child Care Providers) Background Check Licensing Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Child and Family Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 34: Child Care Provider (Child Care Facilities and Family Child Care Providers) Background Check Licensing Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Child and Family Services
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Codify MaineCare Rate System Reform. Description: An Act To Codify MaineCare Rate System Reform
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Restore Funding to the State's Tobacco Prevention and Control Program. Description: An Act To Restore Funding to the State's Tobacco Prevention and Control Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Maine School Safety Center. Description: An Act Regarding the Maine School Safety Center
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Human Rights Commission To Extend Its Pilot Program To Investigate and Report on Incidents of Harassment Due to Housing Status, Lack of Employment and Other Issues. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Human Rights Commission To Extend Its Pilot Program To Investigate and Report on Incidents of Harassment Due to Housing Status, Lack of Employment and Other Issues
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Related to Airboats. Description: An Act Related to Airboats
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify COVID-19 Paid Leave for School Employees. Description: An Act To Clarify COVID-19 Paid Leave for School Employees
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Address Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Pollution at State-owned Solid Waste Landfills. Description: Resolve, To Address Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Pollution at State-owned Solid Waste Landfills
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Abandoned Motor Vehicle Storage Fees and Lienholder Notification. Description: An Act Regarding Abandoned Motor Vehicle Storage Fees and Lienholder Notification
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Law Enforcement Officers, Corrections Officers, E-9-1-1 Dispatchers, Firefighters and Emergency Medical Services Persons Diagnosed with Post-traumatic Stress Disorder. Description: An Act To Support Law Enforcement Officers, Corrections Officers, E-9-1-1 Dispatchers, Firefighters and Emergency Medical Services Persons Diagnosed with Post-traumatic Stress Disorder
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Public Higher Education Systems Coordinating Committee To Convene a Stakeholder Group To Study Equity in and Access to Early College Programs. Description: Resolve, Directing the Public Higher Education Systems Coordinating Committee To Convene a Stakeholder Group To Study Equity in and Access to Early College Programs
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Review the Requirements for Certification of Micropigmentation Practitioners. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Review the Requirements for Certification of Micropigmentation Practitioners
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Setoffs against Lottery Winnings. Description: An Act To Update the Setoffs against Lottery Winnings
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Maine's Veterinary Workforce. Description: An Act To Increase Maine's Veterinary Workforce
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Repeal the Law Regarding the County Jail Reimbursement Fee. Description: An Act To Repeal the Law Regarding the County Jail Reimbursement Fee
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Securities Restitution Assistance Fund for Victims of Securities Violations. Description: An Act To Establish the Securities Restitution Assistance Fund for Victims of Securities Violations
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Laws Affecting Sex Offenders and Petitions for the Determination of Parental Rights and Responsibilities. Description: An Act To Amend Laws Affecting Sex Offenders and Petitions for the Determination of Parental Rights and Responsibilities
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Whistleblowers' Protection Act To Ensure Coverage in Unionized Workplaces. Description: An Act To Amend the Whistleblowers' Protection Act To Ensure Coverage in Unionized Workplaces
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Continue Supporting Safe Drinking Water for Maine Families. Description: An Act To Continue Supporting Safe Drinking Water for Maine Families
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2023. Description: An Act To Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2023
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Safe Entry and Access for People Seeking Health Care and Other Constitutional Rights. Description: An Act To Ensure Safe Entry and Access for People Seeking Health Care and Other Constitutional Rights
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Name Changes. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Name Changes
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish a Pilot Program To Encourage Climate Education in Maine Public Schools. Description: Resolve, To Establish a Pilot Program To Encourage Climate Education in Maine Public Schools
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update Criminal and Related Statutes and Respond to Decisions of the Law Court. Description: An Act To Update Criminal and Related Statutes and Respond to Decisions of the Law Court
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Technical Corrections to the Maine Juvenile Code. Description: An Act To Make Technical Corrections to the Maine Juvenile Code
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Facilitate Communication between Prosecutors and Unrepresented Defendants While Protecting the Rights of Those Defendants. Description: An Act To Facilitate Communication between Prosecutors and Unrepresented Defendants While Protecting the Rights of Those Defendants
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Limit Eligibility for Commercial Menhaden Fishing Licenses. Description: An Act To Limit Eligibility for Commercial Menhaden Fishing Licenses
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Syringe Service Programs. Description: An Act To Amend Syringe Service Programs
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Children's Mental Health by Requiring Insurance Coverage for Certain Mental Health Treatment. Description: An Act To Improve Children's Mental Health by Requiring Insurance Coverage for Certain Mental Health Treatment
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prevent the Further Contamination of the Soils and Waters of the State with So-called Forever Chemicals. Description: An Act To Prevent the Further Contamination of the Soils and Waters of the State with So-called Forever Chemicals
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Wine Retailers with 2 or More Licensed Facilities To Freely Transfer Wine between Approved Facilities. Description: An Act To Allow Wine Retailers with 2 or More Licensed Facilities To Freely Transfer Wine between Approved Facilities
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Legal Defense Fund for the Maine Lobster Industry. Description: An Act To Create a Legal Defense Fund for the Maine Lobster Industry
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enact the Interstate Counseling Compact To Address Inequities in Access to Clinical Counseling Services and Increase Maine's Provider Workforce. Description: An Act To Enact the Interstate Counseling Compact To Address Inequities in Access to Clinical Counseling Services and Increase Maine's Provider Workforce
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the State To Convey to the Passamaquoddy Tribe the State's Interest in a Parcel of Land in the Town of Meddybemps. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the State To Convey to the Passamaquoddy Tribe the State's Interest in a Parcel of Land in the Town of Meddybemps
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Certain Laws Pertaining to the Maine Public Employees Retirement System. Description: An Act To Amend Certain Laws Pertaining to the Maine Public Employees Retirement System
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 9: Rules Governing Administrative Civil Money Penalties for Labor Law Violations, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Standards. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 9: Rules Governing Administrative Civil Money Penalties for Labor Law Violations, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Standards
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 301: Fee Schedule and Administrative Procedures for Payment of Commission Assigned Counsel, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Commission on Indigent Legal Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 301: Fee Schedule and Administrative Procedures for Payment of Commission Assigned Counsel, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Commission on Indigent Legal Services
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Certain Off-premises Sales of Adult Use Marijuana Products. Description: An Act To Authorize Certain Off-premises Sales of Adult Use Marijuana Products
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update and Clarify the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Act. Description: An Act To Update and Clarify the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Act
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Assistance to Areas Severely Infested with Browntail Moths. Description: An Act To Provide Assistance to Areas Severely Infested with Browntail Moths
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 1: Adult Use Marijuana Program Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Office of Marijuana Policy. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 1: Adult Use Marijuana Program Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Office of Marijuana Policy
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 40: Rule for Medication Administration in Maine Schools, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 40: Rule for Medication Administration in Maine Schools, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 132: Learning Results: Parameters for Essential Instruction, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 132: Learning Results: Parameters for Essential Instruction, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 115: The Credentialing of Education Personnel, a Major Substantive Rule of the State Board of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 115: The Credentialing of Education Personnel, a Major Substantive Rule of the State Board of Education
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Changing the Identifying and Reporting Responsibilities and Extending the Reporting Deadline for the Identification of Places in the State with Offensive Names. Description: Resolve, Changing the Identifying and Reporting Responsibilities and Extending the Reporting Deadline for the Identification of Places in the State with Offensive Names
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Winter Maintenance on Private Roads in the Town of Windham. Description: An Act Concerning Winter Maintenance on Private Roads in the Town of Windham
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Raise the Debt Limit of the Eagle Lake Water and Sewer District. Description: An Act To Raise the Debt Limit of the Eagle Lake Water and Sewer District
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Codify the Senate and House Legislative Districts, the Congressional Districts and the County Commissioner Districts as Enacted by the Legislature. Description: An Act To Codify the Senate and House Legislative Districts, the Congressional Districts and the County Commissioner Districts as Enacted by the Legislature
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide the State Harness Racing Commission Greater Efficiency in Rules Enforcement. Description: An Act To Provide the State Harness Racing Commission Greater Efficiency in Rules Enforcement
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Establishing the Committee To Ensure Constitutionally Adequate Contact with Counsel. Description: Resolve, Establishing the Committee To Ensure Constitutionally Adequate Contact with Counsel
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Electronic Filing of State Agency and Legislative Committee Publications. Description: An Act To Promote Electronic Filing of State Agency and Legislative Committee Publications
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Related to Hunting Dogs and Civil Trespass. Description: An Act Related to Hunting Dogs and Civil Trespass
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Equity and Increase Opportunities in the Cannabis Industry by Reducing Restrictions Related to Convictions for Drug Offenses and To Replace the Term "Marijuana" with the Term "Cannabis" in the Maine Revised Statutes. Description: An Act To Promote Equity and Increase Opportunities in the Cannabis Industry by Reducing Restrictions Related to Convictions for Drug Offenses and To Replace the Term "Marijuana" with the Term "Cannabis" in the Maine Revised Statutes
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Parentage Act with Regard to Presumed Parentage. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Parentage Act with Regard to Presumed Parentage
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Appropriate Placement of Defendants with Mental Illness and Intellectual Disabilities. Description: An Act To Ensure Appropriate Placement of Defendants with Mental Illness and Intellectual Disabilities
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Equity in Renewable Energy Projects and Workforce Development. Description: An Act Concerning Equity in Renewable Energy Projects and Workforce Development
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement Agency Recommendations Relating to Sea Level Rise and Climate Resilience Provided Pursuant to Resolve 2021, Chapter 67. Description: An Act To Implement Agency Recommendations Relating to Sea Level Rise and Climate Resilience Provided Pursuant to Resolve 2021, Chapter 67
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Remote Participation. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Remote Participation
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Public Records Exceptions Related to Research and Aquaculture Leases. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Public Records Exceptions Related to Research and Aquaculture Leases
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Director of the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Renew a Lease of Certain Land in Aroostook State Park to the Federal Aviation Administration. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Director of the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Renew a Lease of Certain Land in Aroostook State Park to the Federal Aviation Administration
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Testing Requirements for Adult Use Marijuana. Description: An Act To Improve Testing Requirements for Adult Use Marijuana
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Property Tax Relief for Permanently and Totally Disabled Veterans. Description: An Act To Provide Property Tax Relief for Permanently and Totally Disabled Veterans
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services To Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2022-23. Description: An Act To Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services To Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2022-23
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish That the Provision of Emergency Medical Services by an Ambulance Service Is an Essential Service and To Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission To Study Emergency Medical Services in the State. Description: An Act To Establish That the Provision of Emergency Medical Services by an Ambulance Service Is an Essential Service and To Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission To Study Emergency Medical Services in the State
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize School Administrative District No. 6 To Lease a Former Administrative Building for a Term of Not More than 20 Years. Description: An Act To Authorize School Administrative District No. 6 To Lease a Former Administrative Building for a Term of Not More than 20 Years
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Allowing Electric-powered School Buses To Have Distinctively Colored Bumpers, Wheels and Rub Rails and Allowing Public Service Vehicles To Be Equipped with a Flashing Green Auxiliary Light. Description: An Act Allowing Electric-powered School Buses To Have Distinctively Colored Bumpers, Wheels and Rub Rails and Allowing Public Service Vehicles To Be Equipped with a Flashing Green Auxiliary Light
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Related to the Electronic Registration and Tagging of Turkey. Description: An Act Related to the Electronic Registration and Tagging of Turkey
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Progressive Treatment Program Fund. Description: An Act To Establish the Progressive Treatment Program Fund
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, General Fund and Other Funds and To Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023. Description: An Act To Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, General Fund and Other Funds and To Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, Highway Fund and Other Funds and To Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023. Description: An Act To Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, Highway Fund and Other Funds and To Change Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Eliminate Inactive Boards and Commissions. Description: An Act To Eliminate Inactive Boards and Commissions
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Outdoor Stadiums and Pool Halls To Sell Spirits. Description: An Act To Allow Outdoor Stadiums and Pool Halls To Sell Spirits
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Commission To Increase Housing Opportunities in Maine by Studying Zoning and Land Use Restrictions. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Commission To Increase Housing Opportunities in Maine by Studying Zoning and Land Use Restrictions
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Reapportionment of the Knox County Budget Committee Districts. Description: An Act Regarding the Reapportionment of the Knox County Budget Committee Districts
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Committee To Study Court-ordered Treatment for Substance Use Disorder. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Committee To Study Court-ordered Treatment for Substance Use Disorder
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Implement the Crisis Response Services Recommendations Identified Pursuant to Resolve 2021, Chapter 29. Description: Resolve, To Implement the Crisis Response Services Recommendations Identified Pursuant to Resolve 2021, Chapter 29
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Monitoring of and Reporting on Energy Use Data Standards and Online Energy Data Platforms. Description: Resolve, Regarding Monitoring of and Reporting on Energy Use Data Standards and Online Energy Data Platforms
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement Recommendations Regarding the Incorporation of Equity Considerations in Regulatory Decision Making. Description: An Act To Implement Recommendations Regarding the Incorporation of Equity Considerations in Regulatory Decision Making
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require the Registration of Adjuvants in the State and To Regulate the Distribution of Pesticides with Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances. Description: An Act To Require the Registration of Adjuvants in the State and To Regulate the Distribution of Pesticides with Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement Recommendations Regarding the Regulation of Firefighting or Fire-suppressing Foams to Which Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Have Been Intentionally Added. Description: An Act To Implement Recommendations Regarding the Regulation of Firefighting or Fire-suppressing Foams to Which Perfluoroalkyl and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Have Been Intentionally Added
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Secretary of State Regarding Notarial Acts. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Secretary of State Regarding Notarial Acts
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow County and Regional Communications Centers To Request Polygraph Examinations for Employees and Applicants for Employment. Description: An Act To Allow County and Regional Communications Centers To Request Polygraph Examinations for Employees and Applicants for Employment
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 180: Appliance Efficiency Standards, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection's Bureau of Air Quality. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 180: Appliance Efficiency Standards, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection's Bureau of Air Quality
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 97: Private Non-Medical Institution Services, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 97: Private Non-Medical Institution Services, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance the Prevention of and Response to Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment in the Maine National Guard. Description: An Act To Enhance the Prevention of and Response to Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment in the Maine National Guard
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for Reimbursement of the Sales Tax Paid on Certain Battery Energy Storage Systems. Description: An Act To Provide for Reimbursement of the Sales Tax Paid on Certain Battery Energy Storage Systems
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Correct Inconsistencies, Conflicts and Errors in the Laws of Maine. Description: An Act To Correct Inconsistencies, Conflicts and Errors in the Laws of Maine
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Changes to the Laws Regarding Licensure of Certain Individuals from Other Jurisdictions. Description: An Act To Make Changes to the Laws Regarding Licensure of Certain Individuals from Other Jurisdictions
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Clarifying the Conveyance of Land to the Passamaquoddy Tribe in the Town of Meddybemps. Description: Resolve, Clarifying the Conveyance of Land to the Passamaquoddy Tribe in the Town of Meddybemps
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Maintain a Comprehensive Substance Use Disorder Treatment Program for Maine's Incarcerated Population. Description: An Act To Maintain a Comprehensive Substance Use Disorder Treatment Program for Maine's Incarcerated Population
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Correct Errors in Recently Enacted Legislation. Description: An Act To Correct Errors in Recently Enacted Legislation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the COVID-19 Patient Bill of Rights and To Amend the Governor's Emergency Powers. Description: An Act To Establish the COVID-19 Patient Bill of Rights and To Amend the Governor's Emergency Powers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Pharmacy Act. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Pharmacy Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning the Reporting of Health Care Information or Records to the Emergency Medical Services' Board. Description: An Act Concerning the Reporting of Health Care Information or Records to the Emergency Medical Services' Board
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Revise Certain Financial Regulatory Provisions of the Maine Insurance Code. Description: An Act To Revise Certain Financial Regulatory Provisions of the Maine Insurance Code
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand the Membership of the Board of Directors of the Maine International Trade Center. Description: An Act To Expand the Membership of the Board of Directors of the Maine International Trade Center
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Collection and Proper Disposal of Unwanted Drugs. Description: An Act To Support Collection and Proper Disposal of Unwanted Drugs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Laws Regarding Reciprocity for Licensure of Professional Engineers. Description: An Act To Clarify the Laws Regarding Reciprocity for Licensure of Professional Engineers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Annual Information Reporting by the Maine Information and Analysis Center. Description: An Act To Require Annual Information Reporting by the Maine Information and Analysis Center
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Change the Renewal Application Deadline from 6 Months to 60 Days before the Expiration of a License Issued by the Gambling Control Board. Description: An Act To Change the Renewal Application Deadline from 6 Months to 60 Days before the Expiration of a License Issued by the Gambling Control Board
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the American Sign Language Interpreters Licensing Laws. Description: An Act To Clarify the American Sign Language Interpreters Licensing Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Education Savings Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Education Savings Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for the 2021 and 2022 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds. Description: An Act To Provide for the 2021 and 2022 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Early Payment of Anticipated Funds to the Loring Job Increment Financing Fund. Description: An Act To Authorize Early Payment of Anticipated Funds to the Loring Job Increment Financing Fund
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reinstate and Increase the Income Tax Deduction for Contributions to Education Savings Plans. Description: An Act To Reinstate and Increase the Income Tax Deduction for Contributions to Education Savings Plans
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Certificates of Birth, Marriage and Death. Description: An Act Regarding Certificates of Birth, Marriage and Death
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Modify the Qualifications for Resident Dentist Licensure. Description: An Act To Modify the Qualifications for Resident Dentist Licensure
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow a Dentist To Administer Botulinum Toxin and Dermal Fillers. Description: An Act To Allow a Dentist To Administer Botulinum Toxin and Dermal Fillers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide an Immediate Opportunity To Appeal for a Juvenile Bound Over into Criminal Court. Description: An Act To Provide an Immediate Opportunity To Appeal for a Juvenile Bound Over into Criminal Court
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create an Alert System To Notify the Public When a Person with an Intellectual or Developmental Disability Is Missing. Description: An Act To Create an Alert System To Notify the Public When a Person with an Intellectual or Developmental Disability Is Missing
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Conform the Maine Apprenticeship Program to the Federal Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972. Description: An Act To Conform the Maine Apprenticeship Program to the Federal Equal Employment Opportunity Act of 1972
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Director of the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Convey a Parcel of Land in Augusta to the Maine Veterans' Homes. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Director of the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Convey a Parcel of Land in Augusta to the Maine Veterans' Homes
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Adopt the Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact. Description: An Act To Adopt the Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Seek Input from Stakeholders on the State's Hemp Program. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Seek Input from Stakeholders on the State's Hemp Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Maine Forestry Operations Cleanup and Response Fund. Description: An Act To Create the Maine Forestry Operations Cleanup and Response Fund
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Definition of "Timber Harvesting". Description: An Act To Amend the Definition of "Timber Harvesting"
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Concerning the Retired County and Municipal Law Enforcement Officers and Municipal Firefighters Health Insurance Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Concerning the Retired County and Municipal Law Enforcement Officers and Municipal Firefighters Health Insurance Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Timing of an Appeal of a Finding Regarding Involuntary Mental Health Treatment at a Designated Nonstate Mental Health Institution. Description: An Act To Clarify the Timing of an Appeal of a Finding Regarding Involuntary Mental Health Treatment at a Designated Nonstate Mental Health Institution
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Lower Health Care Costs through the Establishment of the Office of Affordable Health Care. Description: An Act To Lower Health Care Costs through the Establishment of the Office of Affordable Health Care
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require a Background Check for High-risk Health Care Providers under the MaineCare Program. Description: An Act To Require a Background Check for High-risk Health Care Providers under the MaineCare Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2022. Description: An Act To Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2022
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish a Pilot Program To Provide Grants for Professional Development in Computer Science Instruction. Description: Resolve, To Establish a Pilot Program To Provide Grants for Professional Development in Computer Science Instruction
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize the Commissioner of Transportation To Enter into Agreements with the United States Department of Transportation. Description: An Act To Authorize the Commissioner of Transportation To Enter into Agreements with the United States Department of Transportation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Protect Consumers of Public Drinking Water by Establishing Maximum Contaminant Levels for Certain Substances and Contaminants. Description: Resolve, To Protect Consumers of Public Drinking Water by Establishing Maximum Contaminant Levels for Certain Substances and Contaminants
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create Appropriate Standards for the Secretary of State To Follow When Approving the Assignments of Vanity Registration Plates. Description: An Act To Create Appropriate Standards for the Secretary of State To Follow When Approving the Assignments of Vanity Registration Plates
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Transportation of Products in the Forest Products Industry. Description: An Act Regarding the Transportation of Products in the Forest Products Industry
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Permit All Public Employers To Implement Payroll Deductions for Disability and Life Insurance Policies. Description: An Act To Permit All Public Employers To Implement Payroll Deductions for Disability and Life Insurance Policies
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Retirement Benefit Reductions for Corrections Officers Currently Included in the 1998 Special Plan. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Retirement Benefit Reductions for Corrections Officers Currently Included in the 1998 Special Plan
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Permit Municipalities To Provide Assistance to Veterans in Paying Property Taxes. Description: An Act To Permit Municipalities To Provide Assistance to Veterans in Paying Property Taxes
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Define the Responsibilities of Residential Property Owners for the Maintenance and Repair of Private Roads. Description: An Act To Define the Responsibilities of Residential Property Owners for the Maintenance and Repair of Private Roads
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Name a Mountain in Oxford County. Description: Resolve, To Name a Mountain in Oxford County
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation To Develop a Draft Registration Program for General Contractors for Home Improvement and Construction. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation To Develop a Draft Registration Program for General Contractors for Home Improvement and Construction
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Maine's Tax Laws by Providing a Property Tax Exemption for Central Labor Councils. Description: An Act To Improve Maine's Tax Laws by Providing a Property Tax Exemption for Central Labor Councils
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Certain Fish and Wildlife Laws and Related Provisions. Description: An Act To Amend Certain Fish and Wildlife Laws and Related Provisions
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Promote Weatherization in the Buildings Sector by Extending the Sunset Date for the Historic Property Rehabilitation Tax Credit. Description: An Act To Reduce Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Promote Weatherization in the Buildings Sector by Extending the Sunset Date for the Historic Property Rehabilitation Tax Credit
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Law Regarding the Interest Rate for State Loans under the Potato Marketing Improvement Fund. Description: An Act To Amend the Law Regarding the Interest Rate for State Loans under the Potato Marketing Improvement Fund
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend the Ability of Restaurants and Bars To Serve Alcohol To Go. Description: An Act To Extend the Ability of Restaurants and Bars To Serve Alcohol To Go
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Conduct a Transit Propensity Study for Communities between Portland and Bangor. Description: Resolve, To Conduct a Transit Propensity Study for Communities between Portland and Bangor
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Investment Caps in the Maine Seed Capital Tax Credit Program. Description: An Act To Increase Investment Caps in the Maine Seed Capital Tax Credit Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Open Primaries. Description: An Act To Establish Open Primaries
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support the Maine Fire Protection Services Commission. Description: An Act To Support the Maine Fire Protection Services Commission
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Composition of the Piscataquis County Budget Committee. Description: An Act To Amend the Composition of the Piscataquis County Budget Committee
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Consumer-owned Water Utilities. Description: An Act Regarding Consumer-owned Water Utilities
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct Funds to the Tourism Marketing Promotion Fund. Description: Resolve, To Direct Funds to the Tourism Marketing Promotion Fund
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Reestablish the Commission To Study College Affordability and College Completion. Description: Resolve, To Reestablish the Commission To Study College Affordability and College Completion
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Board of Occupational Safety and Health. Description: An Act Regarding the Board of Occupational Safety and Health
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Women Access to Affordable Postpartum Care. Description: An Act To Provide Women Access to Affordable Postpartum Care
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Erect and Maintain Markers To Commemorate and Recognize the Lafayette Trail. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Erect and Maintain Markers To Commemorate and Recognize the Lafayette Trail
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Eliminate Online Burn Permit Fees for All Areas of the State. Description: An Act To Eliminate Online Burn Permit Fees for All Areas of the State
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Smoking in Bus Shelters. Description: An Act To Prohibit Smoking in Bus Shelters
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Study the Regional Adjustment. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Study the Regional Adjustment
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Stabilize Property Taxes for Individuals 65 Years of Age or Older Who Own a Homestead for at Least 10 Years. Description: An Act To Stabilize Property Taxes for Individuals 65 Years of Age or Older Who Own a Homestead for at Least 10 Years
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Include Certain Employees in the Bureau of Forestry's Forest Protection Unit in the Laws Concerning Cancer Suffered by Firefighters. Description: An Act To Include Certain Employees in the Bureau of Forestry's Forest Protection Unit in the Laws Concerning Cancer Suffered by Firefighters
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Temporarily Waive Certain Requirements for Relicensing for Restaurants That Serve Liquor. Description: An Act To Temporarily Waive Certain Requirements for Relicensing for Restaurants That Serve Liquor
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand the Market for Maine Liquor Manufacturers. Description: An Act To Expand the Market for Maine Liquor Manufacturers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Relating to Hunters Required To Hire Guides. Description: An Act Relating to Hunters Required To Hire Guides
In 2021, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Extend the Maine Bicentennial Commission and the Use of Maine Bicentennial Registration Plates through 2021. Description: An Act To Extend the Maine Bicentennial Commission and the Use of Maine Bicentennial Registration Plates through 2021
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Advance Career and Technical Education Opportunities in Maine. Description: Resolve, To Advance Career and Technical Education Opportunities in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Encourage Research To Support the Maine Offshore Wind Industry. Description: An Act To Encourage Research To Support the Maine Offshore Wind Industry
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Powers of the Efficiency Maine Trust and the Maine Clean Energy and Sustainability Accelerator. Description: An Act Regarding the Powers of the Efficiency Maine Trust and the Maine Clean Energy and Sustainability Accelerator
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Law Governing the Maine Lobster Marketing Collaborative. Description: An Act To Amend the Law Governing the Maine Lobster Marketing Collaborative
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow for the Establishment of Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy Programs. Description: An Act To Allow for the Establishment of Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy Programs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Public Employees Retirement System To Study and Report on How Statewide Retirement Systems Affected by the Windfall Elimination Provision and Government Pension Offset Can Cooperate on Solutions. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Public Employees Retirement System To Study and Report on How Statewide Retirement Systems Affected by the Windfall Elimination Provision and Government Pension Offset Can Cooperate on Solutions
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Proof of Financial Responsibility with Respect to Motor Vehicles. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Proof of Financial Responsibility with Respect to Motor Vehicles
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Hospital System Loan Fund Program. Description: An Act To Establish the Hospital System Loan Fund Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Veterans, Active Duty Service Members and Their Spouses To Apply for Temporary Occupational Licenses. Description: An Act To Allow Veterans, Active Duty Service Members and Their Spouses To Apply for Temporary Occupational Licenses
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Increase Certain Chiropractic Reimbursement Rates under the MaineCare Program. Description: Resolve, To Increase Certain Chiropractic Reimbursement Rates under the MaineCare Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Public Members of the Maine-Canadian Legislative Advisory Commission To Receive Reimbursement for Travel Expenses. Description: An Act To Allow Public Members of the Maine-Canadian Legislative Advisory Commission To Receive Reimbursement for Travel Expenses
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine State Cemetery Preservation Commission. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine State Cemetery Preservation Commission
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine Healthy Soils Program. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine Healthy Soils Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Conserve the Frances Perkins Homestead National Historic Landmark. Description: An Act To Conserve the Frances Perkins Homestead National Historic Landmark
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Pet Insurance. Description: An Act Regarding Pet Insurance
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Funding for Civil Legal Services. Description: An Act To Clarify Funding for Civil Legal Services
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Relating to the Housing Opportunities for Maine Fund. Description: An Act Relating to the Housing Opportunities for Maine Fund
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Continue Funding for Home-delivered Meals for Homebound Seniors and To Address Growing Demand. Description: An Act To Continue Funding for Home-delivered Meals for Homebound Seniors and To Address Growing Demand
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Provide Annual Updates on Efforts To Consolidate the Bureau's Unconsolidated Public Lots. Description: Resolve, Directing the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Provide Annual Updates on Efforts To Consolidate the Bureau's Unconsolidated Public Lots
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Certain Employees of and To Provide for the Payment of Certain Filing Fees to the Public Advocate. Description: An Act Regarding Certain Employees of and To Provide for the Payment of Certain Filing Fees to the Public Advocate
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Expand Recovery Community Organizations throughout Maine. Description: Resolve, To Expand Recovery Community Organizations throughout Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Dedicate Sections of Maine's State Highway System to Fallen State Troopers. Description: An Act To Dedicate Sections of Maine's State Highway System to Fallen State Troopers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Give Special Weight to Discriminatory Motive in Sentencing for False Public Alarm or Report. Description: An Act To Give Special Weight to Discriminatory Motive in Sentencing for False Public Alarm or Report
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Regional Grant Program To Help Rural Businesses Find Qualified Staff. Description: An Act To Create a Regional Grant Program To Help Rural Businesses Find Qualified Staff
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Modify the Rule-making Process for Establishing County and Municipal Jail Standards. Description: An Act To Modify the Rule-making Process for Establishing County and Municipal Jail Standards
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Consumers against Predatory Lending Practices. Description: An Act To Protect Consumers against Predatory Lending Practices
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Prior Authorizations for Prescription Drugs. Description: An Act Regarding Prior Authorizations for Prescription Drugs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Board of Pesticides Control To Research Workable Methods To Collect Pesticide Sales and Use Records for the Purpose of Providing Information to the Public. Description: Resolve, Directing the Board of Pesticides Control To Research Workable Methods To Collect Pesticide Sales and Use Records for the Purpose of Providing Information to the Public
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Advance Energy Storage in Maine. Description: An Act To Advance Energy Storage in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Health and Human Services To Review the Needs of Persons with Low-incidence Health Conditions. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Health and Human Services To Review the Needs of Persons with Low-incidence Health Conditions
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand the Statewide Voluntary Early Childhood Consultation Program. Description: An Act To Expand the Statewide Voluntary Early Childhood Consultation Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for the Well-being of Companion Animals upon the Dissolution of Marriages. Description: An Act To Provide for the Well-being of Companion Animals upon the Dissolution of Marriages
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Conditional Presumption of Compensability for Certain Employees in Cases of Impairment from Hypertension or Heart Disease. Description: An Act To Establish a Conditional Presumption of Compensability for Certain Employees in Cases of Impairment from Hypertension or Heart Disease
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Labor To Submit to the United States Secretary of Labor a Plan for a Self-employment Assistance Program. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Labor To Submit to the United States Secretary of Labor a Plan for a Self-employment Assistance Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Ensure That Access to Oral and Facial Ambulatory Surgical Centers in Maine Remains Viable. Description: Resolve, To Ensure That Access to Oral and Facial Ambulatory Surgical Centers in Maine Remains Viable
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Law Regarding Abandoned Roads. Description: An Act To Improve the Law Regarding Abandoned Roads
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Thermal Energy Investment Program. Description: An Act To Establish the Thermal Energy Investment Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Discrimination in Employment and School Based on Hair Texture or Hairstyle. Description: An Act To Prohibit Discrimination in Employment and School Based on Hair Texture or Hairstyle
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Insurance Coverage for Certified Midwife Services. Description: An Act To Require Insurance Coverage for Certified Midwife Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Practice of Pharmacy. Description: An Act Regarding the Practice of Pharmacy
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Shelf-stable Products from Being Sold as Cider. Description: An Act To Prohibit Shelf-stable Products from Being Sold as Cider
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding for Maine's Health Insurance Consumer Assistance Program. Description: An Act To Provide Funding for Maine's Health Insurance Consumer Assistance Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Review Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Training and Other Professional Development for School Staff. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Review Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Training and Other Professional Development for School Staff
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Volatility in the Net Energy Billing Program and To Define "Competitive Electricity Provider". Description: An Act To Reduce Volatility in the Net Energy Billing Program and To Define "Competitive Electricity Provider"
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Repeal the Requirement To Obtain a Permit before Hunting with a Noise Suppression Device. Description: An Act To Repeal the Requirement To Obtain a Permit before Hunting with a Noise Suppression Device
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Encourage the Purchase of Local Foods for Public Schools. Description: An Act To Encourage the Purchase of Local Foods for Public Schools
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand Eligibility for the Veterans' Property Tax Exemption. Description: An Act To Expand Eligibility for the Veterans' Property Tax Exemption
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Lives of Maine Workers by Supporting Apprenticeships That Lead to Good-paying Jobs. Description: An Act To Improve the Lives of Maine Workers by Supporting Apprenticeships That Lead to Good-paying Jobs
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Sale of Raffle Tickets Online. Description: An Act To Allow the Sale of Raffle Tickets Online
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Transportation To Use a Rail Corridor Use Advisory Council in Reviewing the Mountain Division Line for Potential Nonrail Uses. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Transportation To Use a Rail Corridor Use Advisory Council in Reviewing the Mountain Division Line for Potential Nonrail Uses
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Insulin Safety Net Program. Description: An Act To Create the Insulin Safety Net Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Statewide Electronic Warrant System. Description: An Act To Establish a Statewide Electronic Warrant System
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Reestablish the Task Force To Study the Creation of a Comprehensive Career and Technical Education System. Description: Resolve, To Reestablish the Task Force To Study the Creation of a Comprehensive Career and Technical Education System
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Monitor Northern and Rural Energy. Description: Resolve, To Monitor Northern and Rural Energy
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Maine Nonprofit Corporations To Hold Meetings Electronically. Description: An Act To Allow Maine Nonprofit Corporations To Hold Meetings Electronically
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Amend MaineCare Reimbursement Provisions Governing Supplemental Payments to Nursing Facilities with High MaineCare Use. Description: Resolve, To Amend MaineCare Reimbursement Provisions Governing Supplemental Payments to Nursing Facilities with High MaineCare Use
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Certain Employees To Return to Participation in the Maine Public Employees Retirement System. Description: An Act To Allow Certain Employees To Return to Participation in the Maine Public Employees Retirement System
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Economic Competitiveness in Maine by Extending the End Date for Pine Tree Development Zone Benefits. Description: An Act To Protect Economic Competitiveness in Maine by Extending the End Date for Pine Tree Development Zone Benefits
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Program To Assist Regional Firefighter Training Programs, To Provide Tax Credits to Businesses That Employ Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Medical Services Persons and To Provide Benefits to Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Medical Services Persons. Description: An Act To Establish a Program To Assist Regional Firefighter Training Programs, To Provide Tax Credits to Businesses That Employ Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Medical Services Persons and To Provide Benefits to Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Medical Services Persons
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Telehealth Regulations. Description: An Act Regarding Telehealth Regulations
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Technical Changes to the Eligibility Provisions of the Higher Opportunity for Pathways to Employment Program. Description: An Act To Make Technical Changes to the Eligibility Provisions of the Higher Opportunity for Pathways to Employment Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Governing the Sale, Purchase, Removal, Transport and Disposal of Catalytic Converters Removed from Motor Vehicles, Governing Scrap Metal Processors and Creating the Motor Vehicle Services Fund. Description: An Act Governing the Sale, Purchase, Removal, Transport and Disposal of Catalytic Converters Removed from Motor Vehicles, Governing Scrap Metal Processors and Creating the Motor Vehicle Services Fund
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Registry To Improve Access to Automated External Defibrillators. Description: An Act To Create a Registry To Improve Access to Automated External Defibrillators
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Procedures for Veterinarians in the Controlled Substances Prescription Monitoring Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Procedures for Veterinarians in the Controlled Substances Prescription Monitoring Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Credit and Debit Card Surcharges Imposed by Governmental Entities. Description: An Act To Amend Credit and Debit Card Surcharges Imposed by Governmental Entities
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Sentencing Options for a Person Convicted of a Crime Committed While Serving a Term of Imprisonment. Description: An Act Regarding Sentencing Options for a Person Convicted of a Crime Committed While Serving a Term of Imprisonment
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Decommissioning of Solar Energy Developments. Description: An Act To Ensure Decommissioning of Solar Energy Developments
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Violation of a Protective Order. Description: An Act Regarding Violation of a Protective Order
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect the Reproductive Rights and Freedoms of Maine People. Description: An Act To Protect the Reproductive Rights and Freedoms of Maine People
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Crime of Aggravated Sex Trafficking of a Person 14 Years of Age or Younger. Description: An Act To Create the Crime of Aggravated Sex Trafficking of a Person 14 Years of Age or Younger
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Community College System To Evaluate the Need To Expand Workforce Training Options in Waldo County. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Community College System To Evaluate the Need To Expand Workforce Training Options in Waldo County
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support School Decarbonization. Description: An Act To Support School Decarbonization
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Communication between School Board Members and School Employees and Members of the Public. Description: An Act To Improve Communication between School Board Members and School Employees and Members of the Public
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Lung Cancer Rates in Maine by Creating a Voluntary Radon Testing and Mitigation Program for Landlords, Homeowners and Home Builders. Description: An Act To Reduce Lung Cancer Rates in Maine by Creating a Voluntary Radon Testing and Mitigation Program for Landlords, Homeowners and Home Builders
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Convene a Working Group To Develop Plans To Protect Maine's Agricultural Lands When Siting Solar Arrays. Description: Resolve, To Convene a Working Group To Develop Plans To Protect Maine's Agricultural Lands When Siting Solar Arrays
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Investigation and Prosecution of Cases That Involve Vulnerable Road Users. Description: An Act To Improve the Investigation and Prosecution of Cases That Involve Vulnerable Road Users
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Affirm That Food Seeds Are a Necessity in Maine. Description: An Act To Affirm That Food Seeds Are a Necessity in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend the Protections Provided to State Employees upon the Expiration of Labor Contracts to Other Public Sector Employees. Description: An Act To Extend the Protections Provided to State Employees upon the Expiration of Labor Contracts to Other Public Sector Employees
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the University of Maine System To Study the Potential Effects of the State Adopting Atlantic Standard Time. Description: Resolve, Directing the University of Maine System To Study the Potential Effects of the State Adopting Atlantic Standard Time
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Taxpayers in the Privatization of Services and To Establish the State Procurement Review Committee. Description: An Act To Protect Taxpayers in the Privatization of Services and To Establish the State Procurement Review Committee
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect School Employees from Workplace Bullying. Description: An Act To Protect School Employees from Workplace Bullying
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Technical Changes to the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Act. Description: An Act To Make Technical Changes to the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Office of Marijuana Policy To Convene Stakeholder Meetings Regarding the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Program. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Office of Marijuana Policy To Convene Stakeholder Meetings Regarding the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Restrict the Collection of Surveillance Video, Information and Data Regarding Lawful Firearm Purchases. Description: An Act To Restrict the Collection of Surveillance Video, Information and Data Regarding Lawful Firearm Purchases
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Limit Liability Regarding Donations of Menstrual Products. Description: An Act To Limit Liability Regarding Donations of Menstrual Products
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Affordable Housing Options and Services To Address Homelessness. Description: An Act To Improve Affordable Housing Options and Services To Address Homelessness
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Expanded Deferred Disposition Requirements. Description: An Act To Authorize Expanded Deferred Disposition Requirements
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Conduct a Review of Rules Governing In-home Personal Care Assistance Services. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Conduct a Review of Rules Governing In-home Personal Care Assistance Services
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Conduct an Economic Evaluation Study for Commuter and Passenger Train Service between Portland and the Lewiston and Auburn Area. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Conduct an Economic Evaluation Study for Commuter and Passenger Train Service between Portland and the Lewiston and Auburn Area
In 2021, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Local Bridges. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Local Bridges
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ease Business Expansion by Increasing the Number and Applicability of Permit Exemptions under the Site Location of Development Laws. Description: An Act To Ease Business Expansion by Increasing the Number and Applicability of Permit Exemptions under the Site Location of Development Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife To Examine Sunday Hunting. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife To Examine Sunday Hunting
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow a State Employee To Use a Federal Military Health Insurance Program and Reenroll upon Retirement in the State's Group Health Plan. Description: An Act To Allow a State Employee To Use a Federal Military Health Insurance Program and Reenroll upon Retirement in the State's Group Health Plan
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Training or Implicit Bias Training for School Resource Officers. Description: An Act To Require Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Training or Implicit Bias Training for School Resource Officers
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Definition of "Mortgage Servicer" in the Laws Governing Mortgage Foreclosures. Description: An Act To Clarify the Definition of "Mortgage Servicer" in the Laws Governing Mortgage Foreclosures
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Program Solvency, Clarity, Consistency and Flexibility in Routine Public Health Licensing Activities. Description: An Act To Provide Program Solvency, Clarity, Consistency and Flexibility in Routine Public Health Licensing Activities
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Career and Technical Education, Adult Education and Memoranda of Understanding with Community Colleges and the University of Maine System. Description: An Act Regarding Career and Technical Education, Adult Education and Memoranda of Understanding with Community Colleges and the University of Maine System
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Public Lands. Description: An Act To Protect Public Lands
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Traffic Safety in Emergency Situations. Description: An Act To Promote Traffic Safety in Emergency Situations
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Long-term Outcomes for Youth Transitioning from State Care by Raising the Upper Age Limit for Voluntary Support Eligibility. Description: An Act To Improve the Long-term Outcomes for Youth Transitioning from State Care by Raising the Upper Age Limit for Voluntary Support Eligibility
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Rule-making Authority of the Supreme Judicial Court Concerning Electronic Records and Filing. Description: An Act To Clarify the Rule-making Authority of the Supreme Judicial Court Concerning Electronic Records and Filing
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support the Continued Access to Solar Energy and Battery Storage by Maine Homes and Businesses. Description: An Act To Support the Continued Access to Solar Energy and Battery Storage by Maine Homes and Businesses
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand the 1998 Special Retirement Plan To Include Civilian Employees Who Work for the Department of Public Safety Crime Lab and Computer Crimes Unit. Description: An Act To Expand the 1998 Special Retirement Plan To Include Civilian Employees Who Work for the Department of Public Safety Crime Lab and Computer Crimes Unit
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Family Law Advisory Commission To Review Preliminary Injunctions in Judicial Separation and Divorce Actions. Description: Resolve, Directing the Family Law Advisory Commission To Review Preliminary Injunctions in Judicial Separation and Divorce Actions
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow a 5-year Open Enrollment in the Participating Local District Retirement Program for Certain Law Enforcement Officers, Firefighters and Other Municipal Employees. Description: An Act To Allow a 5-year Open Enrollment in the Participating Local District Retirement Program for Certain Law Enforcement Officers, Firefighters and Other Municipal Employees
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Time for Which a Temporary Motor Vehicle Registration Plate Is Valid. Description: An Act To Increase the Time for Which a Temporary Motor Vehicle Registration Plate Is Valid
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Public Employees Retirement System To Convene a Working Group To Investigate Public Pension Options. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Public Employees Retirement System To Convene a Working Group To Investigate Public Pension Options
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit an Employer from Charging an Employee for Direct Deposit for Wages. Description: An Act To Prohibit an Employer from Charging an Employee for Direct Deposit for Wages
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Connectivity Authority To Take Further Actions To Bring High-speed Broadband to Unserved Areas. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Connectivity Authority To Take Further Actions To Bring High-speed Broadband to Unserved Areas
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Align Equipment Requirements for Electric Bicycles with National Manufacturing Standards. Description: An Act To Align Equipment Requirements for Electric Bicycles with National Manufacturing Standards
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Statutes Governing Membership of the Board of Trustees of the Maine Veterans' Homes. Description: An Act To Update the Statutes Governing Membership of the Board of Trustees of the Maine Veterans' Homes
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Permanent Commission on the Status of Racial, Indigenous and Maine Tribal Populations To Study and Propose Solutions to Disparities in Access to Prenatal Care in the State. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Permanent Commission on the Status of Racial, Indigenous and Maine Tribal Populations To Study and Propose Solutions to Disparities in Access to Prenatal Care in the State
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Access to HIV Prevention Medications. Description: An Act To Improve Access to HIV Prevention Medications
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Public Safety by Allowing Lighted Signs on Certain Vehicles. Description: An Act To Promote Public Safety by Allowing Lighted Signs on Certain Vehicles
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize a Monument to the Victims of and First Responders to COVID-19. Description: An Act To Authorize a Monument to the Victims of and First Responders to COVID-19
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Terms of Office of the Director of the Maine State Museum Commission, the State Librarian and the Director of the Maine Arts Commission. Description: An Act Regarding the Terms of Office of the Director of the Maine State Museum Commission, the State Librarian and the Director of the Maine Arts Commission
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Education Technician III Certification for Students at Eastern Maine Community College. Description: Resolve, Regarding Education Technician III Certification for Students at Eastern Maine Community College
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Remote Participation in Maine State Cultural Affairs Council Meetings. Description: An Act To Authorize Remote Participation in Maine State Cultural Affairs Council Meetings
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing the Attorney General To Enter into Contingent Fee Agreements. Description: An Act Authorizing the Attorney General To Enter into Contingent Fee Agreements
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Review Barriers to Regional Solutions for Housing Choices. Description: Resolve, To Review Barriers to Regional Solutions for Housing Choices
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Develop a Comprehensive Statewide Strategic Plan To Serve Maine People with Behavioral Health Needs throughout Their Lifespans. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Develop a Comprehensive Statewide Strategic Plan To Serve Maine People with Behavioral Health Needs throughout Their Lifespans
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Dental Plan Medical Loss Ratio Reporting and Review. Description: An Act To Require Dental Plan Medical Loss Ratio Reporting and Review
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Greater Access to Treatment for Serious Mental Illness by Restricting Prescription Drug Utilization Management by an Insurance Carrier. Description: An Act To Provide Greater Access to Treatment for Serious Mental Illness by Restricting Prescription Drug Utilization Management by an Insurance Carrier
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Statement of Purpose of the Maine Emergency Medical Services Act of 1982 To Include Emergency Responses That Do Not Require Transportation. Description: An Act To Amend the Statement of Purpose of the Maine Emergency Medical Services Act of 1982 To Include Emergency Responses That Do Not Require Transportation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Access to Certain Injectable Medications Approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration. Description: An Act To Improve Access to Certain Injectable Medications Approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prevent Discrimination against Domestic Violence Victims. Description: An Act To Prevent Discrimination against Domestic Violence Victims
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Regulate Insurance Carrier Practice or Facility-wide Prepayment Review. Description: An Act To Regulate Insurance Carrier Practice or Facility-wide Prepayment Review
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase High School Graduation Rates for Students Experiencing Education Disruption. Description: An Act To Increase High School Graduation Rates for Students Experiencing Education Disruption
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Maine Shareholders of Banks and Members and Corporators of Credit Unions To Hold Virtual Meetings. Description: An Act To Allow Maine Shareholders of Banks and Members and Corporators of Credit Unions To Hold Virtual Meetings
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Individual and Small Group Health Insurance More Affordable in Certain High-premium Counties. Description: An Act To Make Individual and Small Group Health Insurance More Affordable in Certain High-premium Counties
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Study the Impacts of Consumer Fireworks Use. Description: Resolve, To Study the Impacts of Consumer Fireworks Use
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Health Insurance Coverage for Postpartum Care. Description: An Act To Clarify Health Insurance Coverage for Postpartum Care
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Bureau of Alcoholic Beverages and Lottery Operations To Evaluate Direct-to-consumer Wine and Spirits Sales. Description: Resolve, Directing the Bureau of Alcoholic Beverages and Lottery Operations To Evaluate Direct-to-consumer Wine and Spirits Sales
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Elections. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Elections
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Authority of Municipalities To Regulate Timber Harvesting. Description: Resolve, Regarding Authority of Municipalities To Regulate Timber Harvesting
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Protection of Children from Domestic Abuse and Violence. Description: An Act To Increase the Protection of Children from Domestic Abuse and Violence
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update and Improve the MaineEARNS Database and Reconvene the State Education and Employment Outcomes Task Force. Description: An Act To Update and Improve the MaineEARNS Database and Reconvene the State Education and Employment Outcomes Task Force
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Environmental Protection To Determine Staffing Needs To More Efficiently and Effectively Issue Decisions on New, Amendment and Minor Revision Applications. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Environmental Protection To Determine Staffing Needs To More Efficiently and Effectively Issue Decisions on New, Amendment and Minor Revision Applications
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Campaign Finance Reform. Description: An Act Regarding Campaign Finance Reform
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Conform State Law to the Peer-to-Peer Car Sharing Program Model Act. Description: An Act To Conform State Law to the Peer-to-Peer Car Sharing Program Model Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine Connectivity Authority. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine Connectivity Authority
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Access to and Availability of Violence Intervention Services To Reduce Domestic Violence in Maine. Description: An Act To Ensure Access to and Availability of Violence Intervention Services To Reduce Domestic Violence in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create Limited Lines Self-storage Insurance. Description: An Act To Create Limited Lines Self-storage Insurance
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Local Fiscal Recovery Funds Program and Allocation. Description: An Act To Establish a Local Fiscal Recovery Funds Program and Allocation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prevent Homelessness by Establishing an Eviction Mediation Program. Description: An Act To Prevent Homelessness by Establishing an Eviction Mediation Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine Workforce, Research, Development and Student Achievement Institute. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine Workforce, Research, Development and Student Achievement Institute
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Terminate the Augusta Downtown Parking District. Description: An Act To Terminate the Augusta Downtown Parking District
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reform Payments to Legislators by Political Action Committees and Ballot Question Committees. Description: An Act To Reform Payments to Legislators by Political Action Committees and Ballot Question Committees
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Create the Commission To Develop a Paid Family and Medical Leave Benefits Program. Description: Resolve, To Create the Commission To Develop a Paid Family and Medical Leave Benefits Program
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the State To Convey to the Passamaquoddy Tribe the State's Interest in a Certain Parcel of Land in the Town of Meddybemps. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the State To Convey to the Passamaquoddy Tribe the State's Interest in a Certain Parcel of Land in the Town of Meddybemps
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Travel Insurance in the Maine Insurance Code. Description: An Act Regarding Travel Insurance in the Maine Insurance Code
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Unemployment Compensation. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Unemployment Compensation
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Convene a Working Group To Study Possible Solutions for Families Facing Emergency Child Custody Situations. Description: Resolve, To Convene a Working Group To Study Possible Solutions for Families Facing Emergency Child Custody Situations
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Transition State and Local Motor Vehicle Fleets to Plug-in Hybrid Vehicles and Zero-emission Vehicles. Description: An Act To Transition State and Local Motor Vehicle Fleets to Plug-in Hybrid Vehicles and Zero-emission Vehicles
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Place a Temporary Moratorium on the Approval of Any New Motor Vehicle Registration Plates and Initiate a Registration Plate Working Group. Description: Resolve, To Place a Temporary Moratorium on the Approval of Any New Motor Vehicle Registration Plates and Initiate a Registration Plate Working Group
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Moratorium on Offshore Wind Power Projects in Maine's Territorial Waters. Description: An Act To Establish a Moratorium on Offshore Wind Power Projects in Maine's Territorial Waters
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Maine Theaters by Expanding Eligibility for Off-premises Catering Licenses. Description: An Act To Support Maine Theaters by Expanding Eligibility for Off-premises Catering Licenses
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Individual Retirement Savings through a Public-Private Partnership. Description: An Act To Promote Individual Retirement Savings through a Public-Private Partnership
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Determine Potential Savings in Prescription Drug Costs by Using International Pricing. Description: An Act To Determine Potential Savings in Prescription Drug Costs by Using International Pricing
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect the Health and Welfare of Maine Communities and Reduce Harmful Solid Waste. Description: An Act To Protect the Health and Welfare of Maine Communities and Reduce Harmful Solid Waste
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Local Option Elections. Description: An Act Regarding Local Option Elections
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Correct Errors, Inconsistencies and Conflicts in and To Revise the State's Liquor Laws. Description: An Act To Correct Errors, Inconsistencies and Conflicts in and To Revise the State's Liquor Laws
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Disability Retirement Program of the Maine Public Employees Retirement System. Description: An Act To Improve the Disability Retirement Program of the Maine Public Employees Retirement System
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Protections for Private Student Loan Borrowers and a Registry of Lenders. Description: An Act To Establish Protections for Private Student Loan Borrowers and a Registry of Lenders
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Occupational Therapy Licensing Statutes. Description: An Act To Amend the Occupational Therapy Licensing Statutes
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make the Shared Living Program Accessible for Persons with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism. Description: An Act To Make the Shared Living Program Accessible for Persons with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Working Families through Outreach and Education about Tax Credits for Persons of Low Income. Description: An Act To Support Working Families through Outreach and Education about Tax Credits for Persons of Low Income
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Expanding Access to Free School Meals. Description: An Act Regarding Expanding Access to Free School Meals
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Consistency in Terminology and within the Maine Human Rights Act. Description: An Act To Improve Consistency in Terminology and within the Maine Human Rights Act
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Modify the Deed for a Parcel of Property in the Town of Carrabassett Valley. Description: Resolve, To Modify the Deed for a Parcel of Property in the Town of Carrabassett Valley
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Judicial Branch Facilities in Hancock County. Description: An Act To Improve Judicial Branch Facilities in Hancock County
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify and Recodify Maine's Protection from Abuse Statutes. Description: An Act To Clarify and Recodify Maine's Protection from Abuse Statutes
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Homeowner Assistance Fund Program and Provide for the Distribution of Funds. Description: An Act To Establish a Homeowner Assistance Fund Program and Provide for the Distribution of Funds
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Southern Aroostook County Emergency Medical Services Authority. Description: An Act To Establish the Southern Aroostook County Emergency Medical Services Authority
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Maine Students Who Are Dependents of Current or Former Members of the Military. Description: An Act To Support Maine Students Who Are Dependents of Current or Former Members of the Military
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine State Housing Authority To Examine and Develop a Program Promoting Home Ownership by Reducing Education Debt. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine State Housing Authority To Examine and Develop a Program Promoting Home Ownership by Reducing Education Debt
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Prompt and Effective Use of the Renewable Energy Resources of Northern Maine. Description: An Act To Require Prompt and Effective Use of the Renewable Energy Resources of Northern Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Children's Healthy Development and School Success. Description: An Act To Support Children's Healthy Development and School Success
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Revitalize Maine's Paper Industry through the Establishment of an Income Tax Credit for Paper Manufacturing. Description: An Act To Revitalize Maine's Paper Industry through the Establishment of an Income Tax Credit for Paper Manufacturing
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Prohibiting Teachers, Employees and Other Officials from Engaging in Sexual Activity with Students. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Prohibiting Teachers, Employees and Other Officials from Engaging in Sexual Activity with Students
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Logging Dispute Resolution Board and To Require Proof of Ownership Documents To Be Available within 14 Days of Request. Description: An Act To Create a Logging Dispute Resolution Board and To Require Proof of Ownership Documents To Be Available within 14 Days of Request
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Deferral of the Pooled Market and Link Small Employer Clear Choice to Pooling in the Made for Maine Health Coverage Act. Description: An Act To Clarify the Deferral of the Pooled Market and Link Small Employer Clear Choice to Pooling in the Made for Maine Health Coverage Act
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Sexual Misconduct on College Campuses. Description: An Act Concerning Sexual Misconduct on College Campuses
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Assess the Feasibility of the Production of Insulin in Maine. Description: Resolve, To Assess the Feasibility of the Production of Insulin in Maine
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Allocations for the Distribution of State Fiscal Recovery Funds. Description: An Act To Provide Allocations for the Distribution of State Fiscal Recovery Funds
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Fund Collective Bargaining Agreements with Certain Judicial Department Employees. Description: An Act To Fund Collective Bargaining Agreements with Certain Judicial Department Employees
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Funding for the Office of Affordable Health Care. Description: An Act To Clarify Funding for the Office of Affordable Health Care
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Definition of "Qualified Investment" for Purposes of the Income Tax Credit for Paper Manufacturing Facility Investment. Description: An Act To Clarify the Definition of "Qualified Investment" for Purposes of the Income Tax Credit for Paper Manufacturing Facility Investment
In 2021, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reapportion the Districts of the State Senate. Description: An Act To Reapportion the Districts of the State Senate
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Compliance with the Interstate Fishery Management Plan for American Lobster. Description: An Act To Ensure Compliance with the Interstate Fishery Management Plan for American Lobster
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Certain Definitions in the Statutes Governing the Gambling Control Board. Description: An Act To Amend Certain Definitions in the Statutes Governing the Gambling Control Board
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Funding for the Animal Welfare Fund by Increasing Certain Fees. Description: An Act To Increase Funding for the Animal Welfare Fund by Increasing Certain Fees
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Gambling Control Board. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Gambling Control Board
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Screening for Cytomegalovirus in Certain Newborn Infants. Description: An Act To Require Screening for Cytomegalovirus in Certain Newborn Infants
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Program and To Improve the So-called Leveraging Investments so Families Can Thrive Report. Description: An Act To Improve the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Program and To Improve the So-called Leveraging Investments so Families Can Thrive Report
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Framework for Maine's Spirits Contract. Description: An Act To Create a Framework for Maine's Spirits Contract
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend the Changes to the Liquor Laws Made by Public Law 2021, Chapters 3 and 91. Description: An Act To Extend the Changes to the Liquor Laws Made by Public Law 2021, Chapters 3 and 91
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Insurance Coverage for a Beneficiary on a Transfer on Death Deed. Description: An Act To Provide Insurance Coverage for a Beneficiary on a Transfer on Death Deed
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Modify the Reporting Requirements for Major Contributors to Ballot Question Campaigns and To Make a Technical Change to the Campaign Finance Laws. Description: An Act To Modify the Reporting Requirements for Major Contributors to Ballot Question Campaigns and To Make a Technical Change to the Campaign Finance Laws
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Align Postpartum MaineCare Coverage with Federal Law. Description: An Act To Align Postpartum MaineCare Coverage with Federal Law
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Contributing to Candidates and Political Action Committees. Description: An Act Regarding Contributing to Candidates and Political Action Committees
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Health Insurance Carriers and Pharmacy Benefits Managers To Appropriately Account for Cost-sharing Amounts Paid on Behalf of Insureds. Description: An Act To Require Health Insurance Carriers and Pharmacy Benefits Managers To Appropriately Account for Cost-sharing Amounts Paid on Behalf of Insureds
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Legislative Review of Rules for Maine's Medical Use of Marijuana Act. Description: An Act To Ensure Legislative Review of Rules for Maine's Medical Use of Marijuana Act
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Maintain Consistency among Maine's Nondiscrimination Statutes. Description: An Act To Maintain Consistency among Maine's Nondiscrimination Statutes
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Quality and Affordability of Primary Health Care Provided by Federally Qualified Health Centers. Description: An Act To Improve the Quality and Affordability of Primary Health Care Provided by Federally Qualified Health Centers
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Rename Bridges in the Town of Milo for Veterans Who Died during the Vietnam War. Description: Resolve, To Rename Bridges in the Town of Milo for Veterans Who Died during the Vietnam War
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Exceptions to the Height Limitations under the Shoreland Zoning Laws. Description: An Act To Allow Exceptions to the Height Limitations under the Shoreland Zoning Laws
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Examinations and Applications for Professional Engineers and Engineer-interns. Description: An Act Regarding Examinations and Applications for Professional Engineers and Engineer-interns
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for the 2022 and 2023 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds. Description: An Act To Provide for the 2022 and 2023 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Related to Oversized All-terrain Vehicles. Description: An Act Related to Oversized All-terrain Vehicles
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Transfer the St. Francis Water District to the Town of St. Francis and To Repeal the St. Francis Water District Charter. Description: An Act To Transfer the St. Francis Water District to the Town of St. Francis and To Repeal the St. Francis Water District Charter
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Revise Certain Financial Regulatory Provisions of the Maine Insurance Code To Be Consistent with Model Laws from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Description: An Act To Revise Certain Financial Regulatory Provisions of the Maine Insurance Code To Be Consistent with Model Laws from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Requiring a Contract for the Administration of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry's Low-cost Spaying and Neutering Program. Description: An Act Requiring a Contract for the Administration of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry's Low-cost Spaying and Neutering Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Ogunquit Sewer District. Description: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Ogunquit Sewer District
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Election Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Election Laws
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Child and Family Court Process. Description: An Act To Improve the Child and Family Court Process
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Correct the Year of the Expiration of the Terms of 2 County Commissioners in Sagadahoc County. Description: An Act To Correct the Year of the Expiration of the Terms of 2 County Commissioners in Sagadahoc County
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Storm Water Management To Provide an Exemption for Mountain Bike Trails. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Storm Water Management To Provide an Exemption for Mountain Bike Trails
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Maine's Financial Institution Merger Statutes and Modernize Certain Sections of Title 9-B. Description: An Act To Amend Maine's Financial Institution Merger Statutes and Modernize Certain Sections of Title 9-B
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Appeals Process for Decisions Related to the Maine Health Insurance Marketplace. Description: An Act To Clarify the Appeals Process for Decisions Related to the Maine Health Insurance Marketplace
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Student Access to Postsecondary School Transcripts and Diplomas. Description: An Act To Improve Student Access to Postsecondary School Transcripts and Diplomas
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Name a Bridge in the Town of Unity the Alton "Mac" McCormick Memorial Bridge. Description: Resolve, To Name a Bridge in the Town of Unity the Alton "Mac" McCormick Memorial Bridge
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Maine National Guard To Sell Certain Property in Hallowell. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Maine National Guard To Sell Certain Property in Hallowell
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Increase Oversight of the Child Welfare System. Description: Resolve, To Increase Oversight of the Child Welfare System
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Finance Authority of Maine Act To Allow for Remote Meetings. Description: An Act To Amend the Finance Authority of Maine Act To Allow for Remote Meetings
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Point-of-dispensing Sites for Immunizations against COVID-19. Description: An Act Regarding Point-of-dispensing Sites for Immunizations against COVID-19
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prioritize the Prosecution of Child Homicide Cases. Description: An Act To Prioritize the Prosecution of Child Homicide Cases
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Delegating Authority for Services Performed by Emergency Medical Services Personnel in Health Care Facilities. Description: An Act Regarding Delegating Authority for Services Performed by Emergency Medical Services Personnel in Health Care Facilities
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine Emergency Medical Services Community Grant Program. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine Emergency Medical Services Community Grant Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Safe Homes Program. Description: An Act To Establish the Safe Homes Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen Maine's Good Samaritan Laws Concerning Drug-related Medical Assistance. Description: An Act To Strengthen Maine's Good Samaritan Laws Concerning Drug-related Medical Assistance
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Use of a Student Athlete's Name, Image, Likeness or Autograph. Description: An Act Regarding the Use of a Student Athlete's Name, Image, Likeness or Autograph
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Municipal Broadband Infrastructure through Incentives and Competition. Description: An Act To Support Municipal Broadband Infrastructure through Incentives and Competition
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Certain Bulk Sale Customers To Opt Out of Paper Delivery Tickets. Description: An Act To Allow Certain Bulk Sale Customers To Opt Out of Paper Delivery Tickets
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Streamline and Modernize the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Bureau of Alcoholic Beverages and Lottery Operations. Description: An Act To Streamline and Modernize the Department of Administrative and Financial Services, Bureau of Alcoholic Beverages and Lottery Operations
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Rename 3 Bridges in Brownville and Brownville Junction. Description: Resolve, To Rename 3 Bridges in Brownville and Brownville Junction
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Electric Ratepayer Advisory Council. Description: An Act To Create the Electric Ratepayer Advisory Council
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine Space Corporation. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine Space Corporation
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand Access to Justice in Rural Maine through Legal Education. Description: An Act To Expand Access to Justice in Rural Maine through Legal Education
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Exemption from Income Tax and Withholding Tax Liability for Certain Out-of-state Suppliers of Spirits Purchased by the Bureau of Alcoholic Beverages and Lottery Operations. Description: An Act To Clarify the Exemption from Income Tax and Withholding Tax Liability for Certain Out-of-state Suppliers of Spirits Purchased by the Bureau of Alcoholic Beverages and Lottery Operations
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure That Building Codes Allow the Installation and Use of Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Products and Equipment That Use Certain Federally Regulated Refrigerants. Description: An Act To Ensure That Building Codes Allow the Installation and Use of Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Products and Equipment That Use Certain Federally Regulated Refrigerants
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Laws Governing Hemp by Bringing Them into Compliance with Federal Law. Description: An Act To Improve the Laws Governing Hemp by Bringing Them into Compliance with Federal Law
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand the Address Confidentiality Program to Victims of Certain Human Trafficking Crimes. Description: An Act To Expand the Address Confidentiality Program to Victims of Certain Human Trafficking Crimes
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Caribou Utilities District Charter To Include Broadband Services. Description: An Act To Amend the Caribou Utilities District Charter To Include Broadband Services
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Fix Inconsistencies within the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act of 2013. Description: An Act To Fix Inconsistencies within the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act of 2013
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Access to Prescription Contraceptives. Description: An Act To Ensure Access to Prescription Contraceptives
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Utility Accountability and Grid Planning for Maine's Clean Energy Future. Description: An Act Regarding Utility Accountability and Grid Planning for Maine's Clean Energy Future
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Changes to the Laws Governing the Child Welfare Services Ombudsman Program. Description: An Act To Make Changes to the Laws Governing the Child Welfare Services Ombudsman Program
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Help Alleviate Maine's Housing Shortage and Change the Membership of the Maine State Housing Authority. Description: An Act To Help Alleviate Maine's Housing Shortage and Change the Membership of the Maine State Housing Authority
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Learning Potential by Providing Innovative Instruction and Tutoring Program Grants. Description: An Act To Increase Learning Potential by Providing Innovative Instruction and Tutoring Program Grants
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update Certain Water Quality Standards and To Reclassify Certain Waters of the State. Description: An Act To Update Certain Water Quality Standards and To Reclassify Certain Waters of the State
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Facilitate Access to Heating Assistance. Description: An Act To Facilitate Access to Heating Assistance
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Gray Water District. Description: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Gray Water District
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish and Fund the Maine Climate Corps Program Pursuant to Recommendations in the Report Required by Resolve 2021, Chapter 25. Description: An Act To Establish and Fund the Maine Climate Corps Program Pursuant to Recommendations in the Report Required by Resolve 2021, Chapter 25
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Development of Comprehensive River Resource Management Plans. Description: An Act Regarding the Development of Comprehensive River Resource Management Plans
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Internet Payment for Tickets and Chances for Raffles Held by Nonprofit Organizations and Other Eligible Organizations and To Require the Gambling Control Unit To Adopt Certain Rules. Description: An Act To Allow Internet Payment for Tickets and Chances for Raffles Held by Nonprofit Organizations and Other Eligible Organizations and To Require the Gambling Control Unit To Adopt Certain Rules
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Authorize Additional Construction and Installations Related to a Telecommunications Tower on Bald Mountain in the Town of Rangeley. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Authorize Additional Construction and Installations Related to a Telecommunications Tower on Bald Mountain in the Town of Rangeley
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Authorize the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Enter into a Lease with Christian Camps and Conferences for a Parcel of Land Located in Somerset County. Description: Resolve, To Authorize the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Enter into a Lease with Christian Camps and Conferences for a Parcel of Land Located in Somerset County
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Fund for Farmers Adversely Affected by Drought Conditions. Description: An Act To Establish a Fund for Farmers Adversely Affected by Drought Conditions
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Designation of Vietnam War Remembrance Day. Description: An Act To Update the Designation of Vietnam War Remembrance Day
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify State Policy and Legislative Intent Regarding the Maine Veterans' Homes, To Require Notification of Closure of the Maine Veterans' Homes to the Legislature and To Fund Public Homes in Caribou and Machias in Order To Keep Them Open. Description: An Act To Clarify State Policy and Legislative Intent Regarding the Maine Veterans' Homes, To Require Notification of Closure of the Maine Veterans' Homes to the Legislature and To Fund Public Homes in Caribou and Machias in Order To Keep Them Open
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Incidence Registry. Description: An Act To Create the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Incidence Registry
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Help Certain Businesses with Electricity Costs. Description: Resolve, To Help Certain Businesses with Electricity Costs
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Annexation of Certain Lands by Columbia Falls. Description: An Act To Allow the Annexation of Certain Lands by Columbia Falls
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Judicial Districts and Divisions for York County. Description: An Act To Amend the Judicial Districts and Divisions for York County
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Authorize the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Enter into a Lease with Aroostook Technologies, Inc. for a Parcel of Land in Township 11, Range 4 WELS. Description: Resolve, To Authorize the Bureau of Parks and Lands To Enter into a Lease with Aroostook Technologies, Inc. for a Parcel of Land in Township 11, Range 4 WELS
In 2022, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Family Law Advisory Commission To Develop Options To Improve Preliminary Injunctions in Judicial Separation and Divorce Actions. Description: Resolve, Directing the Family Law Advisory Commission To Develop Options To Improve Preliminary Injunctions in Judicial Separation and Divorce Actions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Notification of Proposed Rate Increases for Long-term Care Policies. Description: An Act To Require Notification of Proposed Rate Increases for Long-term Care Policies
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Name a Bridge in the Town of Lincoln and the Town of Chester the Master Sergeant Gary Gordon Bridge. Description: Resolve, To Name a Bridge in the Town of Lincoln and the Town of Chester the Master Sergeant Gary Gordon Bridge
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow and Recognize a Legal Name Change upon Marriage. Description: An Act To Allow and Recognize a Legal Name Change upon Marriage
In 2020, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Microgrids That Are in the Public Interest. Description: An Act To Allow Microgrids That Are in the Public Interest
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Designating a Portion of Route 1 in Downeast Maine the Hannah and Rebecca Weston Trail. Description: Resolve, Designating a Portion of Route 1 in Downeast Maine the Hannah and Rebecca Weston Trail
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Proper Prosecution of Crimes Involving Domestic Violence and Enhance Protection of Victims of Domestic Violence. Description: An Act To Ensure Proper Prosecution of Crimes Involving Domestic Violence and Enhance Protection of Victims of Domestic Violence
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Newly Purchased Public School Buses To Be Equipped with School Bus Crossing Arms. Description: An Act To Require Newly Purchased Public School Buses To Be Equipped with School Bus Crossing Arms
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 3: Maine Clean Election Act and Related Provisions, a Major Substantive Rule of the Commission on Governmental Ethics and Election Practices. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 3: Maine Clean Election Act and Related Provisions, a Major Substantive Rule of the Commission on Governmental Ethics and Election Practices
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 26: Producer Margins, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Milk Commission. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 26: Producer Margins, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Milk Commission
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Government Oversight Committee Regarding Bureau of Alcoholic Beverages and Lottery Operations Reporting Requirements. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Government Oversight Committee Regarding Bureau of Alcoholic Beverages and Lottery Operations Reporting Requirements
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Use of a Crossbow for a Limited Duration during the Archery Season on Deer and the Fall Season on Wild Turkey. Description: An Act To Allow the Use of a Crossbow for a Limited Duration during the Archery Season on Deer and the Fall Season on Wild Turkey
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Marine Resources To Evaluate the Limited-entry Lobster and Crab Fishing Licensing System. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Marine Resources To Evaluate the Limited-entry Lobster and Crab Fishing Licensing System
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Rules Adopted by the ConnectME Authority. Description: An Act Regarding Rules Adopted by the ConnectME Authority
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Naming a Highway and Renaming a Bridge in the Town of Whiting. Description: Resolve, Naming a Highway and Renaming a Bridge in the Town of Whiting
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Encourage the Commissioner of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife To Establish a Youth Turkey Hunting Day during the Fall Season. Description: Resolve, To Encourage the Commissioner of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife To Establish a Youth Turkey Hunting Day during the Fall Season
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Game of Chance Licensing Requirements. Description: An Act To Clarify Game of Chance Licensing Requirements
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Change the Composition of the Board of Pesticides Control. Description: An Act To Change the Composition of the Board of Pesticides Control
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow for the Sale of Nonprescription Drugs through Vending Machines. Description: An Act To Allow for the Sale of Nonprescription Drugs through Vending Machines
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Insurance Coverage for Hearing Aids for Adults. Description: An Act To Require Insurance Coverage for Hearing Aids for Adults
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Designate a Bridge in Waterville as the Specialist Wade A. Slack Memorial Bridge. Description: Resolve, To Designate a Bridge in Waterville as the Specialist Wade A. Slack Memorial Bridge
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Commission To Study Children's Mental Health. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Commission To Study Children's Mental Health
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Maine Criminal Code. Description: An Act Regarding the Maine Criminal Code
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Cumberland County Jail Substance Use Disorder Rehabilitation Pilot Project. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Cumberland County Jail Substance Use Disorder Rehabilitation Pilot Project
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing the Issuance on Request of Acquired Brain Injury Identification Cards. Description: An Act Authorizing the Issuance on Request of Acquired Brain Injury Identification Cards
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Permit Plantations To Fill Vacancies of Town Officials. Description: An Act To Permit Plantations To Fill Vacancies of Town Officials
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance the Senior Volunteer Benefit Program. Description: An Act To Enhance the Senior Volunteer Benefit Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Post-conviction Possession of Animals by Certain Persons a Criminal Offense. Description: An Act To Make Post-conviction Possession of Animals by Certain Persons a Criminal Offense
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Facilitate Access to the MaineCare Family Planning Benefit. Description: An Act To Facilitate Access to the MaineCare Family Planning Benefit
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Shooting Ranges. Description: An Act To Protect Shooting Ranges
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Maine Law Regarding the Tips of Service Employees. Description: An Act To Clarify Maine Law Regarding the Tips of Service Employees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Allow Spouses To Provide Home and Community-based Services to Eligible MaineCare Members. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Allow Spouses To Provide Home and Community-based Services to Eligible MaineCare Members
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Sales Tax Exemption for the Purchase of Firearm Safety Devices. Description: An Act To Establish a Sales Tax Exemption for the Purchase of Firearm Safety Devices
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide That Persons Who Produce Maple Syrup and Honey Commercially Are Eligible for the Sales Tax Refund and Exemption for Commercial Agricultural Production. Description: An Act To Provide That Persons Who Produce Maple Syrup and Honey Commercially Are Eligible for the Sales Tax Refund and Exemption for Commercial Agricultural Production
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Law Governing the Membership of the Town of York Planning Board and the Town of York Appeals Board. Description: An Act To Amend the Law Governing the Membership of the Town of York Planning Board and the Town of York Appeals Board
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Eliminate Gross Metering. Description: An Act To Eliminate Gross Metering
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Educator Evaluation Requirements. Description: An Act To Amend Educator Evaluation Requirements
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Disclosure at the Sale or Transfer whether Methamphetamine Is Present or Has Been Removed from Real Estate. Description: An Act To Require Disclosure at the Sale or Transfer whether Methamphetamine Is Present or Has Been Removed from Real Estate
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 38: Suicide Awareness and Prevention in Maine Public Schools, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 38: Suicide Awareness and Prevention in Maine Public Schools, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 122: Grant Application and Award Procedure: Fund for the Efficient Delivery of Educational Services, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 122: Grant Application and Award Procedure: Fund for the Efficient Delivery of Educational Services, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 29: Allowances for Support Services for Adults with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism Spectrum Disorder, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 29: Allowances for Support Services for Adults with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism Spectrum Disorder, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 270: Uniform Reporting System for Quality Data Sets, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 270: Uniform Reporting System for Quality Data Sets, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Credit Ratings Related to Overdue Medical Expenses. Description: An Act Regarding Credit Ratings Related to Overdue Medical Expenses
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement Changes to Maine's Solid Waste Laws Pursuant to a Review of the State Waste Management and Recycling Plan. Description: An Act To Implement Changes to Maine's Solid Waste Laws Pursuant to a Review of the State Waste Management and Recycling Plan
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Appropriate Funds for Home Visiting Services To Provide Child Development Education and Skills Development for New Parents. Description: An Act To Appropriate Funds for Home Visiting Services To Provide Child Development Education and Skills Development for New Parents
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend the Duration of Temporary Licenses for Sale and Consumption of Liquor. Description: An Act To Extend the Duration of Temporary Licenses for Sale and Consumption of Liquor
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife To Promote Safety with Respect to the Handling or Use of Firearms, Watercraft, All-terrain Vehicles and Snowmobiles and in Other Outdoor Activities. Description: An Act To Require the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife To Promote Safety with Respect to the Handling or Use of Firearms, Watercraft, All-terrain Vehicles and Snowmobiles and in Other Outdoor Activities
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Convey Certain Lands to Roosevelt Conference Center Doing Business as Eagle Lake Sporting Camps. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Convey Certain Lands to Roosevelt Conference Center Doing Business as Eagle Lake Sporting Camps
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Maine Potato Board Districts. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Maine Potato Board Districts
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Permit a Veterans Organization To Lease Its Facility to an Organization That Is Registered To Operate Beano or Bingo Games without Obtaining a Commercial Beano Hall Permit. Description: An Act To Permit a Veterans Organization To Lease Its Facility to an Organization That Is Registered To Operate Beano or Bingo Games without Obtaining a Commercial Beano Hall Permit
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require the Department of Education To Study and Report on the Special Education Funding Component of the School Funding Formula. Description: Resolve, To Require the Department of Education To Study and Report on the Special Education Funding Component of the School Funding Formula
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Maine Coworking Development Fund. Description: An Act Regarding the Maine Coworking Development Fund
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Address the Unmet Workforce Needs of Employers and To Improve the Economic Future of Workers. Description: An Act To Address the Unmet Workforce Needs of Employers and To Improve the Economic Future of Workers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Membership of the Wild Blueberry Commission of Maine. Description: An Act Regarding the Membership of the Wild Blueberry Commission of Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend Internet Availability in Rural Maine. Description: An Act To Extend Internet Availability in Rural Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prevent Food Shaming in Maine's Public Schools. Description: An Act To Prevent Food Shaming in Maine's Public Schools
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Occupants of Motor Vehicles with Gold Star Family Registration Plates Free Entry to State Parks and Historic Sites. Description: An Act To Provide Occupants of Motor Vehicles with Gold Star Family Registration Plates Free Entry to State Parks and Historic Sites
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Questions Regarding Criminal History on Certain State Employment Applications. Description: An Act To Prohibit Questions Regarding Criminal History on Certain State Employment Applications
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish a Pilot Project To Evaluate and Address the Transportation Needs of Maine's Veterans. Description: Resolve, To Establish a Pilot Project To Evaluate and Address the Transportation Needs of Maine's Veterans
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Critical Communications for Family Farms, Businesses and Residences by Strategic Public Investment in High-speed Internet and Broadband Infrastructure. Description: An Act To Provide Critical Communications for Family Farms, Businesses and Residences by Strategic Public Investment in High-speed Internet and Broadband Infrastructure
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance Participation on the State Board of Education. Description: An Act To Enhance Participation on the State Board of Education
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Improve Access to Bariatric Care. Description: Resolve, To Improve Access to Bariatric Care
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase the State Share of the Cost of Health Insurance for Retired Teachers. Description: An Act To Increase the State Share of the Cost of Health Insurance for Retired Teachers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Change the Name of Columbus Day to Indigenous Peoples Day. Description: An Act To Change the Name of Columbus Day to Indigenous Peoples Day
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow for the Regulation of Transportation Network Companies at Airports by Certain Municipalities. Description: An Act To Allow for the Regulation of Transportation Network Companies at Airports by Certain Municipalities
In 2019, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding to the Department of Health and Human Services To Support Free Health Clinics in the State. Description: An Act To Provide Funding to the Department of Health and Human Services To Support Free Health Clinics in the State
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Veterans' Homelessness Prevention Coordination Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Veterans' Homelessness Prevention Coordination Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require an Annual Report on the Activities of the Maine Child Welfare Advisory Panel. Description: An Act To Require an Annual Report on the Activities of the Maine Child Welfare Advisory Panel
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Fully Fund and Restore State-Municipal Revenue Sharing. Description: An Act To Fully Fund and Restore State-Municipal Revenue Sharing
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Continue MaineCare Coverage for Parents During the Rehabilitation and Reunification Process. Description: An Act To Continue MaineCare Coverage for Parents During the Rehabilitation and Reunification Process
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 320: Electric Transmission and Distribution Utility Service Standards, a Major Substantive Rule of the Public Utilities Commission. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 320: Electric Transmission and Distribution Utility Service Standards, a Major Substantive Rule of the Public Utilities Commission
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require That Nonmotorized Carriages Be Equipped with Reflective Tape and Lights. Description: An Act To Require That Nonmotorized Carriages Be Equipped with Reflective Tape and Lights
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create the Water Resources Planning Committee. Description: An Act To Create the Water Resources Planning Committee
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Name the Bridge on Main Street in the Town of Orono the Brandon M. Silk Memorial Bridge. Description: Resolve, To Name the Bridge on Main Street in the Town of Orono the Brandon M. Silk Memorial Bridge
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Jobs in the State by Strengthening the Advance Notice Requirement for the Relocation or Closure of a Large Business. Description: An Act To Protect Jobs in the State by Strengthening the Advance Notice Requirement for the Relocation or Closure of a Large Business
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding for a Ranger Pilot Position in the Maine Forest Service. Description: An Act To Provide Funding for a Ranger Pilot Position in the Maine Forest Service
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Raise the University of Maine System Debt Ceiling. Description: An Act To Raise the University of Maine System Debt Ceiling
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Rename the Stillwater Bridges in Old Town the Llewellyn Estes Bridge. Description: Resolve, To Rename the Stillwater Bridges in Old Town the Llewellyn Estes Bridge
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide a Source of Funding for the ATV Recreational Management Fund and To Establish the ATV Enforcement Fund. Description: An Act To Provide a Source of Funding for the ATV Recreational Management Fund and To Establish the ATV Enforcement Fund
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Funding for Civil Legal Services. Description: An Act To Increase Funding for Civil Legal Services
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Reimbursement Rate for Ambulance Service Paid by the Department of Corrections. Description: An Act To Increase the Reimbursement Rate for Ambulance Service Paid by the Department of Corrections
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Water Quality by Standardizing the Law Concerning Septic Inspection in the Shoreland Zone. Description: An Act To Protect Water Quality by Standardizing the Law Concerning Septic Inspection in the Shoreland Zone
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Aid Certain Veterans' Organizations. Description: An Act To Aid Certain Veterans' Organizations
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Review the State's Public Health Infrastructure. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Review the State's Public Health Infrastructure
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Licensing of Certified Clinical Supervisors. Description: An Act To Clarify the Licensing of Certified Clinical Supervisors
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Safety of Home Buyers Concerning Chimney Inspections. Description: An Act To Increase the Safety of Home Buyers Concerning Chimney Inspections
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Review the Progressive Treatment Program and Processes by Which a Person May Be Involuntarily Admitted to a Psychiatric Hospital or Receive Court-ordered Community Treatment. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Review the Progressive Treatment Program and Processes by Which a Person May Be Involuntarily Admitted to a Psychiatric Hospital or Receive Court-ordered Community Treatment
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Increase Certain Chiropractic Reimbursement Rates under the MaineCare Program. Description: Resolve, To Increase Certain Chiropractic Reimbursement Rates under the MaineCare Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Funding To Contain and Manage the Spread of Invasive Aquatic Species. Description: An Act To Increase Funding To Contain and Manage the Spread of Invasive Aquatic Species
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Explore the Development of a Behavioral Health Unit at the Cumberland County Jail. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Health and Human Services To Explore the Development of a Behavioral Health Unit at the Cumberland County Jail
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Adjust the Personal Property Tax Exemption for Farm Machinery. Description: An Act To Adjust the Personal Property Tax Exemption for Farm Machinery
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 692: Siting of Oil Storage Facilities, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 692: Siting of Oil Storage Facilities, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Environmental Protection
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 21: Allowances for Home and Community Benefits for Adults with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism Spectrum Disorder, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 21: Allowances for Home and Community Benefits for Adults with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism Spectrum Disorder, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 132: Learning Results: Parameters for Essential Instruction, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 132: Learning Results: Parameters for Essential Instruction, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for Legislative Review of Federally Mandated Major Substantive Rules under the Maine Administrative Procedure Act. Description: An Act To Provide for Legislative Review of Federally Mandated Major Substantive Rules under the Maine Administrative Procedure Act
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Menstrual Products. Description: An Act To Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Menstrual Products
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Impose on Mental Health Professionals a Duty To Warn and Protect. Description: An Act To Impose on Mental Health Professionals a Duty To Warn and Protect
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit the Use of Certain Disposable Food Service Containers. Description: An Act To Prohibit the Use of Certain Disposable Food Service Containers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Responsibility for the Duplicative or Incorrect Payment of Health Insurance Claims. Description: An Act Regarding Responsibility for the Duplicative or Incorrect Payment of Health Insurance Claims
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Feed Maine's Residents by Allowing Dairy Dealers and Producers in the State To Donate Fresh Milk to Food Banks in the State. Description: An Act To Feed Maine's Residents by Allowing Dairy Dealers and Producers in the State To Donate Fresh Milk to Food Banks in the State
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen Brain Injury Resources for Underserved Populations, Including Opioid Overdose Brain Injury Survivors. Description: An Act To Strengthen Brain Injury Resources for Underserved Populations, Including Opioid Overdose Brain Injury Survivors
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide School Personnel Paid Hourly a Wage Pay Option. Description: An Act To Provide School Personnel Paid Hourly a Wage Pay Option
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Help Older Adults Age in Place through Comprehensive Planning. Description: An Act To Help Older Adults Age in Place through Comprehensive Planning
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Recovery Residences for Persons with Substance Use Disorder Be Equipped with Naloxone and To Exempt from Criminal Liability Persons Administering Naloxone. Description: An Act To Require Recovery Residences for Persons with Substance Use Disorder Be Equipped with Naloxone and To Exempt from Criminal Liability Persons Administering Naloxone
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Job Applicants from Identity Theft. Description: An Act To Protect Job Applicants from Identity Theft
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Limit the Number of Charter Schools in Maine. Description: An Act To Limit the Number of Charter Schools in Maine
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Direct a Study of the Regional Adjustment for School Administrative Units. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Direct a Study of the Regional Adjustment for School Administrative Units
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Promote Healthy Living in Maine. Description: Resolve, To Promote Healthy Living in Maine
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Protect Vulnerable Persons from Theft. Description: An Act To Protect Vulnerable Persons from Theft
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Appointees to the Maine Labor Relations Board. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Appointees to the Maine Labor Relations Board
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Forfeiture of Assets of Persons Convicted of Aggravated Sex Trafficking Offenses, Sex Trafficking Offenses, Aggravated Criminal Forced Labor Offenses and Criminal Forced Labor Offenses. Description: An Act Regarding Forfeiture of Assets of Persons Convicted of Aggravated Sex Trafficking Offenses, Sex Trafficking Offenses, Aggravated Criminal Forced Labor Offenses and Criminal Forced Labor Offenses
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Emergency Funds for Clients of the Adult Protective Services System. Description: An Act To Provide Emergency Funds for Clients of the Adult Protective Services System
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Exempt from Criminal Liability Persons Reporting a Drug-related Medical Emergency. Description: An Act To Exempt from Criminal Liability Persons Reporting a Drug-related Medical Emergency
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Dangerous Dogs and Nuisance Dogs To Allow for Flexibility in Protection Dog Training. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Dangerous Dogs and Nuisance Dogs To Allow for Flexibility in Protection Dog Training
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Require the State To Distribute 12 Percent of Adult Use Marijuana Retail Sales and Excise Tax Revenue to Generating Municipalities. Description: An Act To Require the State To Distribute 12 Percent of Adult Use Marijuana Retail Sales and Excise Tax Revenue to Generating Municipalities
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require That Notice of Lead Abatement Orders Be Filed with the Registry of Deeds. Description: An Act To Require That Notice of Lead Abatement Orders Be Filed with the Registry of Deeds
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Flexibility in the Deposit Labeling of Metal Returnable Beverage Containers. Description: An Act To Allow Flexibility in the Deposit Labeling of Metal Returnable Beverage Containers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Temporary Medical Allowance Relating to Lobster and Crab Fishing Licenses. Description: An Act To Clarify the Temporary Medical Allowance Relating to Lobster and Crab Fishing Licenses
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Help New Teachers Succeed. Description: An Act To Help New Teachers Succeed
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Brunswick Sewer District Charter. Description: An Act To Amend the Brunswick Sewer District Charter
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Sustainable Funding for Drinking Water and Wastewater Infrastructure. Description: An Act To Provide Sustainable Funding for Drinking Water and Wastewater Infrastructure
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Exempt School Buses from Snow Tire Restrictions. Description: An Act To Exempt School Buses from Snow Tire Restrictions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Accuracy in the Labeling of Maine Meat and Poultry. Description: An Act To Ensure Accuracy in the Labeling of Maine Meat and Poultry
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Licensing Fees for Certain Tournament Games. Description: An Act Regarding Licensing Fees for Certain Tournament Games
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Safety of Recovery Residences. Description: An Act Regarding the Safety of Recovery Residences
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Safety of Maine Residents in Extended Power Outages. Description: An Act To Increase the Safety of Maine Residents in Extended Power Outages
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Fund Maine's School-based Health Centers. Description: An Act To Fund Maine's School-based Health Centers
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide MaineCare Coverage for Dental Services to Adults with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism Spectrum Disorder, Brain Injuries and Other Related Conditions. Description: An Act To Provide MaineCare Coverage for Dental Services to Adults with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism Spectrum Disorder, Brain Injuries and Other Related Conditions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote the Forest Products Industry in School Construction and Renovation Involving Heating Systems. Description: An Act To Promote the Forest Products Industry in School Construction and Renovation Involving Heating Systems
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand Health Insurance Options for Town Academies. Description: An Act To Expand Health Insurance Options for Town Academies
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Fund Services for Blind and Visually Impaired Persons at the Maine State Library. Description: An Act To Fund Services for Blind and Visually Impaired Persons at the Maine State Library
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: ConnectME Authority, a Major Substantive Rule of the ConnectME Authority. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: ConnectME Authority, a Major Substantive Rule of the ConnectME Authority
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Secretary of State To Review the Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts. Description: Resolve, Directing the Secretary of State To Review the Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Recognize Employee Background Checks Conducted for Out-of-state Schools Eligible for Maine Tuition Assistance. Description: An Act To Recognize Employee Background Checks Conducted for Out-of-state Schools Eligible for Maine Tuition Assistance
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Dangerous Buildings. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Dangerous Buildings
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Justice for Victims of Sexual Assault by Increasing the Time Sexual Assault Forensic Examination Kits Must Be Stored. Description: An Act To Support Justice for Victims of Sexual Assault by Increasing the Time Sexual Assault Forensic Examination Kits Must Be Stored
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow for Greater Flexibility in Addressing Energy Efficiency Needs in the State. Description: An Act To Allow for Greater Flexibility in Addressing Energy Efficiency Needs in the State
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Align Wages for Direct Care Workers for Persons with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism with the Minimum Wage. Description: An Act To Align Wages for Direct Care Workers for Persons with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism with the Minimum Wage
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Preserve State Landfill Capacity and Promote Recycling. Description: An Act To Preserve State Landfill Capacity and Promote Recycling
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Regional School Leadership Academies. Description: An Act To Establish Regional School Leadership Academies
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require the Department of Health and Human Services To Develop a Plan for Neurobehavioral Beds. Description: Resolve, To Require the Department of Health and Human Services To Develop a Plan for Neurobehavioral Beds
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Make Election Day a State Holiday. Description: An Act To Make Election Day a State Holiday
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Restore System Administration Allocations in Maine School Administrative Units to the Level Prescribed for Fiscal Year 2017-18. Description: An Act To Restore System Administration Allocations in Maine School Administrative Units to the Level Prescribed for Fiscal Year 2017-18
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Number of Intensive Case Managers. Description: An Act To Increase the Number of Intensive Case Managers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow an Attorney To Use a Photocopied Driver's License To Consummate a Financial Transaction. Description: An Act To Allow an Attorney To Use a Photocopied Driver's License To Consummate a Financial Transaction
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Baling Twine, Net and Wrapping for Hay. Description: An Act To Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Baling Twine, Net and Wrapping for Hay
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Require the State To Fund Teacher Retirement. Description: An Act To Require the State To Fund Teacher Retirement
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Establish Wage and Employment Parity between Adult and Child Protective Services Caseworkers in the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: An Act To Establish Wage and Employment Parity between Adult and Child Protective Services Caseworkers in the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Establish and Promote a System of Safe Disposal of Expired Marine Flares. Description: An Act To Establish and Promote a System of Safe Disposal of Expired Marine Flares
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Greater Augusta Utility District Charter. Description: An Act To Amend the Greater Augusta Utility District Charter
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine To Explicitly Prohibit Discrimination Based on the Sex of an Individual. Description: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine To Explicitly Prohibit Discrimination Based on the Sex of an Individual
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Eligibility Criteria for Creditable Service in the Armed Forces of the United States under the State Retirement System. Description: An Act To Amend the Eligibility Criteria for Creditable Service in the Armed Forces of the United States under the State Retirement System
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Traffic Safety Education in Schools. Description: An Act To Provide Traffic Safety Education in Schools
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Summer Success Pilot Program Fund. Description: An Act To Establish the Summer Success Pilot Program Fund
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Architects, Engineers and Certain Other Professionals Immunity from Civil Liability When Volunteering for Evaluating Damage from Disasters. Description: An Act To Provide Architects, Engineers and Certain Other Professionals Immunity from Civil Liability When Volunteering for Evaluating Damage from Disasters
In 2020, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Employer Recovery of Overcompensation Paid to an Employee. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Employer Recovery of Overcompensation Paid to an Employee
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Minimum Grant Amount under the Maine State Grant Program. Description: An Act To Increase the Minimum Grant Amount under the Maine State Grant Program
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Funding for Transitional Housing for Women Veterans and Their Families. Description: An Act To Authorize Funding for Transitional Housing for Women Veterans and Their Families
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Create a Position within the Department of Health and Human Services To Coordinate Dementia Programs and Services. Description: An Act To Create a Position within the Department of Health and Human Services To Coordinate Dementia Programs and Services
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Authorize the Legislature To Contract for an Independent Review To Evaluate and Plan for the Implementation of Maine's Early Childhood Special Education Services. Description: Resolve, To Authorize the Legislature To Contract for an Independent Review To Evaluate and Plan for the Implementation of Maine's Early Childhood Special Education Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Limit the Number of Students and Prevent the Addition of Grade Levels at Virtual Public Charter Schools. Description: An Act To Limit the Number of Students and Prevent the Addition of Grade Levels at Virtual Public Charter Schools
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Political Party Representation of Election Clerks. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Political Party Representation of Election Clerks
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Resolve Tie Votes by the Washington County Budget Advisory Committee. Description: An Act To Resolve Tie Votes by the Washington County Budget Advisory Committee
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Archives and Records Management Law. Description: An Act To Amend the Archives and Records Management Law
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Permit the Indoor Production of Industrial Hemp. Description: An Act To Permit the Indoor Production of Industrial Hemp
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Bureau of Parks and Lands To Establish a Law Enforcement Training Program for Park Managers and Certain Bureau Staff. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Bureau of Parks and Lands To Establish a Law Enforcement Training Program for Park Managers and Certain Bureau Staff
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Number of Clubs That May Be Issued a Special Dog Training Area License. Description: An Act To Increase the Number of Clubs That May Be Issued a Special Dog Training Area License
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Medical Payments Coverage for Consumers. Description: An Act To Protect Medical Payments Coverage for Consumers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Ballot Questions Easier To Read and Understand for Maine Voters. Description: An Act To Make Ballot Questions Easier To Read and Understand for Maine Voters
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Access to Medical Cannabis for Visiting Qualifying Patients. Description: An Act To Ensure Access to Medical Cannabis for Visiting Qualifying Patients
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Ensure Appropriate Personal Needs Allowances for Persons Residing in Nursing Facilities. Description: Resolve, To Ensure Appropriate Personal Needs Allowances for Persons Residing in Nursing Facilities
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Qualifications for District Attorneys. Description: An Act Regarding Qualifications for District Attorneys
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Reduce Food Waste in Schools. Description: Resolve, To Reduce Food Waste in Schools
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Facilitate the Protection of Public Health through Increased Subsurface Wastewater Inspections. Description: Resolve, To Facilitate the Protection of Public Health through Increased Subsurface Wastewater Inspections
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Restore Regular Mapping of Eelgrass Beds in the State. Description: An Act To Restore Regular Mapping of Eelgrass Beds in the State
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Improve Access to Property Tax Exemptions for New Homeowners. Description: An Act To Improve Access to Property Tax Exemptions for New Homeowners
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Shoreland Zoning Rules and Enforcement To Support Municipalities. Description: An Act To Improve Shoreland Zoning Rules and Enforcement To Support Municipalities
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Help Municipalities Prepare for Sea Level Rise. Description: An Act To Help Municipalities Prepare for Sea Level Rise
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Vulnerable Adults from Financial Exploitation. Description: An Act To Protect Vulnerable Adults from Financial Exploitation
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Conduct an Economic Feasibility Study for Commuter and Passenger Train Service between Portland and the Lewiston and Auburn Area. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Conduct an Economic Feasibility Study for Commuter and Passenger Train Service between Portland and the Lewiston and Auburn Area
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify That Petitions for Certiorari to the Supreme Court of the United States Are Included within the Definition of Indigent Legal Services. Description: An Act To Clarify That Petitions for Certiorari to the Supreme Court of the United States Are Included within the Definition of Indigent Legal Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Study and Develop an Online Learning Platform for Students and Educators. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Study and Develop an Online Learning Platform for Students and Educators
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Access to Nutritious Foods in Schools by Implementing an After-school Food Program for At-risk Students. Description: An Act To Increase Access to Nutritious Foods in Schools by Implementing an After-school Food Program for At-risk Students
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Direct Electric Utilities To Provide Comparative Usage Data on Customer Billing Statements. Description: An Act To Direct Electric Utilities To Provide Comparative Usage Data on Customer Billing Statements
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Adoption of Ordinances Prohibiting the Accumulation of Trash on Private Property in Plantations. Description: An Act To Allow the Adoption of Ordinances Prohibiting the Accumulation of Trash on Private Property in Plantations
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish a Background Check Consolidation Commission. Description: Resolve, To Establish a Background Check Consolidation Commission
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding for Maine Public. Description: An Act To Provide Funding for Maine Public
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Concerning the Adoption of Rules To Carry Out the Purpose of the Bridging Rental Assistance Program. Description: Resolve, Concerning the Adoption of Rules To Carry Out the Purpose of the Bridging Rental Assistance Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect the Integrity of the MaineCare Program. Description: An Act To Protect the Integrity of the MaineCare Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Temporarily Remove Nighttime Restrictions on Lobster Fishing in a Certain Area in the Bay of Fundy. Description: Resolve, To Temporarily Remove Nighttime Restrictions on Lobster Fishing in a Certain Area in the Bay of Fundy
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine Regarding Early Voting. Description: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine Regarding Early Voting
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Charter of the City of Brewer High School District. Description: An Act To Amend the Charter of the City of Brewer High School District
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Phase Out the Insurance Premium Tax on Annuities. Description: An Act To Phase Out the Insurance Premium Tax on Annuities
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding for the Naval Museum and Gardens in Brunswick. Description: An Act To Provide Funding for the Naval Museum and Gardens in Brunswick
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Portable Electronic Device Content, Location Information and Tracking Devices. Description: An Act Regarding Portable Electronic Device Content, Location Information and Tracking Devices
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Comprehensive Access to Menstrual Products in All Maine's Jails, County Correctional Facilities and State Correctional and Detention Facilities. Description: An Act To Ensure Comprehensive Access to Menstrual Products in All Maine's Jails, County Correctional Facilities and State Correctional and Detention Facilities
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Clarify That Food, Food Additives and Food Products Containing Hemp-derived Cannabidiol Produced and Sold within the State Are Not Adulterated and To Match the State's Definition of "Hemp" to the Definition in Federal Law. Description: An Act To Clarify That Food, Food Additives and Food Products Containing Hemp-derived Cannabidiol Produced and Sold within the State Are Not Adulterated and To Match the State's Definition of "Hemp" to the Definition in Federal Law
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Create a Kinship Care Navigator Program within the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: An Act To Create a Kinship Care Navigator Program within the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Attract, Educate and Retain New State Residents To Strengthen the Workforce. Description: An Act To Attract, Educate and Retain New State Residents To Strengthen the Workforce
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Reporting of Operating Under the Influence Offenses. Description: An Act To Improve Reporting of Operating Under the Influence Offenses
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen Maine's Landowner Relations Program. Description: An Act To Strengthen Maine's Landowner Relations Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Facilitate School Access to Federal Title I Funds and Improve the Delivery of Special Education Services. Description: Resolve, To Facilitate School Access to Federal Title I Funds and Improve the Delivery of Special Education Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Increase Energy Independence for Maine. Description: Resolve, To Increase Energy Independence for Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Use of Interchangeable Biological Products. Description: An Act Regarding the Use of Interchangeable Biological Products
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Exempt Sales to Parent-Teacher Organizations from the Sales Tax. Description: An Act To Exempt Sales to Parent-Teacher Organizations from the Sales Tax
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Count Study Abroad toward Secondary School Credit. Description: An Act To Count Study Abroad toward Secondary School Credit
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Office of the Attorney General To Review Free Speech on Public College and University Campuses. Description: Resolve, Directing the Office of the Attorney General To Review Free Speech on Public College and University Campuses
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Pregnant Workers. Description: An Act To Protect Pregnant Workers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require Professional Licensure for Home Inspectors. Description: Resolve, To Require Professional Licensure for Home Inspectors
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Circumstances of Death That Must Be Reported to the Office of Chief Medical Examiner. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Circumstances of Death That Must Be Reported to the Office of Chief Medical Examiner
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Implementation and Funding of E-9-1-1 Dispatch Protocols. Description: Resolve, Regarding Implementation and Funding of E-9-1-1 Dispatch Protocols
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow a Class III Lobster and Crab Fishing License Holder To Engage More Crew Members. Description: An Act To Allow a Class III Lobster and Crab Fishing License Holder To Engage More Crew Members
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Licensing of Funeral Practitioners. Description: An Act Regarding the Licensing of Funeral Practitioners
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Dental Education Loan Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Dental Education Loan Program
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Seniors and Certain Persons with Disabilities Assistance with Property Taxes through the Deferral of Those Taxes. Description: An Act To Provide Seniors and Certain Persons with Disabilities Assistance with Property Taxes through the Deferral of Those Taxes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Create a Flag To Recognize the Bicentennial of the State. Description: Resolve, To Create a Flag To Recognize the Bicentennial of the State
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Set Maine Dental Provider Licensing Fees. Description: An Act To Set Maine Dental Provider Licensing Fees
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Address Reimbursement Rates for Licensed Clinical Social Workers under MaineCare. Description: Resolve, To Address Reimbursement Rates for Licensed Clinical Social Workers under MaineCare
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Exempt Certain Meals Provided to Food Service Employees from the Sales and Use Tax. Description: An Act To Exempt Certain Meals Provided to Food Service Employees from the Sales and Use Tax
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require the Department of Environmental Protection To Study the Establishment of a Product Stewardship Program for Mattresses. Description: Resolve, To Require the Department of Environmental Protection To Study the Establishment of a Product Stewardship Program for Mattresses
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase the School Construction Debt Service Limit. Description: An Act To Increase the School Construction Debt Service Limit
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen Maine's Endangered Species Laws. Description: An Act To Strengthen Maine's Endangered Species Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Adult Use Marijuana. Description: An Act Regarding Adult Use Marijuana
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Encourage Public Participation in School Board Meetings. Description: An Act To Encourage Public Participation in School Board Meetings
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Make Sales to Area Agencies on Aging Tax-exempt. Description: An Act To Make Sales to Area Agencies on Aging Tax-exempt
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Nonprofit Career and Technical Student Organizations. Description: An Act To Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Nonprofit Career and Technical Student Organizations
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Keeping Workers in Maine. Description: An Act To Promote Keeping Workers in Maine
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Expedite the Processing of Applications for Certification under the Federal Work Opportunity Tax Credit. Description: Resolve, To Expedite the Processing of Applications for Certification under the Federal Work Opportunity Tax Credit
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Seat for a Representative of the Wabanaki Tribal Governments on the Board of Trustees of the Maine Criminal Justice Academy. Description: An Act To Create a Seat for a Representative of the Wabanaki Tribal Governments on the Board of Trustees of the Maine Criminal Justice Academy
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update Alcohol Taste-testing Requirements. Description: An Act To Update Alcohol Taste-testing Requirements
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Commissioner of Administrative and Financial Services To Convey the Interests in Certain Real Property Located in East Millinocket. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Commissioner of Administrative and Financial Services To Convey the Interests in Certain Real Property Located in East Millinocket
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Support the Northern New England Poison Center. Description: An Act To Support the Northern New England Poison Center
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Municipalities To Determine the Duration of Development Districts Funded by Assessments. Description: An Act To Allow Municipalities To Determine the Duration of Development Districts Funded by Assessments
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Relief to Survivors of Economic Abuse. Description: An Act To Provide Relief to Survivors of Economic Abuse
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Maine Workers' Compensation Act of 1992. Description: An Act To Improve the Maine Workers' Compensation Act of 1992
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Labor Laws for Maine Workers. Description: An Act To Improve Labor Laws for Maine Workers
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase Efficiency in Enforcement of the Maine Human Rights Act. Description: An Act To Increase Efficiency in Enforcement of the Maine Human Rights Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure That Incarcerated Individuals Are Eligible for Medicaid during Incarceration and Receive Food Supplement Program Benefits upon Release. Description: An Act To Ensure That Incarcerated Individuals Are Eligible for Medicaid during Incarceration and Receive Food Supplement Program Benefits upon Release
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure the Availability of Community Integration Services. Description: An Act To Ensure the Availability of Community Integration Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Create the Criminal Records Review Committee. Description: Resolve, To Create the Criminal Records Review Committee
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Review Asset Limits for Social Service Programs. Description: Resolve, To Review Asset Limits for Social Service Programs
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Penobscot Nation's and Passamaquoddy Tribe's Authority To Exercise Jurisdiction under the Federal Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Federal Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013. Description: An Act Regarding the Penobscot Nation's and Passamaquoddy Tribe's Authority To Exercise Jurisdiction under the Federal Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Federal Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure the Availability of In-person Visitation in County Jails. Description: An Act To Ensure the Availability of In-person Visitation in County Jails
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Cancellation of Subscription Services. Description: An Act Regarding the Cancellation of Subscription Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Secondary School Education Concerning Sexual Activity and Sexual Assault. Description: An Act Regarding Secondary School Education Concerning Sexual Activity and Sexual Assault
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Protect Maine's Beaches and Shoreline. Description: Resolve, To Protect Maine's Beaches and Shoreline
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Authorize the Department of Health and Human Services To Amend Its Rules for Eligibility for Community Support Services. Description: Resolve, To Authorize the Department of Health and Human Services To Amend Its Rules for Eligibility for Community Support Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Permanent Commission on the Status of Racial, Indigenous and Maine Tribal Populations. Description: An Act To Establish the Permanent Commission on the Status of Racial, Indigenous and Maine Tribal Populations
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine To Establish a Right to Food. Description: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine To Establish a Right to Food
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Maine Children and Students from Preventable Diseases by Repealing Certain Exemptions from the Laws Governing Immunization Requirements. Description: An Act To Protect Maine Children and Students from Preventable Diseases by Repealing Certain Exemptions from the Laws Governing Immunization Requirements
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Create the Maine Health Care Provider Loan Repayment Program. Description: An Act To Create the Maine Health Care Provider Loan Repayment Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Mandatory Law Enforcement Agency Policies Regarding Recording Suspects To Include Cases of Murder and Class A, Class B and Class C Crimes. Description: An Act To Amend Mandatory Law Enforcement Agency Policies Regarding Recording Suspects To Include Cases of Murder and Class A, Class B and Class C Crimes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prevent Discrimination in Public and Private Insurance Coverage for Pregnant Women in Maine. Description: An Act To Prevent Discrimination in Public and Private Insurance Coverage for Pregnant Women in Maine
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Review Case Loads for Child Welfare Caseworkers. Description: Resolve, To Review Case Loads for Child Welfare Caseworkers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Exempt Vehicles That Are 20 Years Old or Older from Titling Requirements When the Vehicles Are Recycled, Salvaged or Scrapped. Description: An Act To Exempt Vehicles That Are 20 Years Old or Older from Titling Requirements When the Vehicles Are Recycled, Salvaged or Scrapped
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Change the Harassment Prevention Training Required for Legislators, Legislative Staff and Lobbyists. Description: An Act To Change the Harassment Prevention Training Required for Legislators, Legislative Staff and Lobbyists
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Reestablish the Commission To Improve the Sentencing, Supervision, Management and Incarceration of Prisoners. Description: Resolve, To Reestablish the Commission To Improve the Sentencing, Supervision, Management and Incarceration of Prisoners
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Visitation Rights of Great-grandparents. Description: An Act Concerning Visitation Rights of Great-grandparents
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand Options for Consumers of Cable Television in Purchasing Individual Channels and Programs. Description: An Act To Expand Options for Consumers of Cable Television in Purchasing Individual Channels and Programs
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide the Same Retirement Benefits for State Employees Working as Emergency Communications Specialists as Are Provided to Law Enforcement Officers. Description: An Act To Provide the Same Retirement Benefits for State Employees Working as Emergency Communications Specialists as Are Provided to Law Enforcement Officers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Minimum Service Standards for Electric Utilities. Description: An Act To Establish Minimum Service Standards for Electric Utilities
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Expand Maine's School-based Health Centers. Description: An Act To Expand Maine's School-based Health Centers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Damages Awarded for Wrongful Death. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Damages Awarded for Wrongful Death
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Persons with Disabilities Have Access to Public Rest Rooms. Description: An Act To Ensure Persons with Disabilities Have Access to Public Rest Rooms
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Disclosure Requirements for Transfers of Properties Accessed by Means Other Than a Public Way. Description: An Act Concerning Disclosure Requirements for Transfers of Properties Accessed by Means Other Than a Public Way
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Chiropractic Internships. Description: An Act To Allow Chiropractic Internships
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Facilitate Weekend Malt Liquor Purchases by Licensed Establishments. Description: An Act To Facilitate Weekend Malt Liquor Purchases by Licensed Establishments
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Tax Incentives for Broadband Service. Description: An Act To Improve Tax Incentives for Broadband Service
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen the Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code. Description: An Act To Strengthen the Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase Accountability for Wage Violations. Description: An Act To Increase Accountability for Wage Violations
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Study and Make Recommendations Relating to School Safety and Security. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Study and Make Recommendations Relating to School Safety and Security
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine Community College System Pell Grant Match Program. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine Community College System Pell Grant Match Program
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Exempt Diapering Products from Sales Tax. Description: An Act To Exempt Diapering Products from Sales Tax
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding for Hunting Opportunities for Disabled Veterans. Description: An Act To Provide Funding for Hunting Opportunities for Disabled Veterans
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support College Completion by Homeless Youth in Maine. Description: An Act To Support College Completion by Homeless Youth in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require That the Terms of a Settlement to Which a Governmental Entity is a Party Be Made Available to the Public. Description: An Act To Require That the Terms of a Settlement to Which a Governmental Entity is a Party Be Made Available to the Public
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Change the Membership of the Maine Commission on Domestic and Sexual Abuse To Include More Tribal Members. Description: An Act To Change the Membership of the Maine Commission on Domestic and Sexual Abuse To Include More Tribal Members
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Application of the Motor Vehicle Excise Tax to Water Well Drilling Equipment. Description: An Act To Clarify the Application of the Motor Vehicle Excise Tax to Water Well Drilling Equipment
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Respond to Federal Changes to Social Programs. Description: An Act To Respond to Federal Changes to Social Programs
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Equitable Treatment of Super Pack License Holders in Antlerless Deer Permit Lotteries. Description: An Act To Ensure Equitable Treatment of Super Pack License Holders in Antlerless Deer Permit Lotteries
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Adopt Eastern Daylight Time Year-round. Description: An Act To Adopt Eastern Daylight Time Year-round
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Search and Rescue Volunteers Certified by the Maine Association for Search and Rescue from Adverse Employment Actions. Description: An Act To Protect Search and Rescue Volunteers Certified by the Maine Association for Search and Rescue from Adverse Employment Actions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Commissioner of Professional and Financial Regulation To Conduct a Sunrise Review Regarding the Proposal To License Operators of Cranes. Description: Resolve, Directing the Commissioner of Professional and Financial Regulation To Conduct a Sunrise Review Regarding the Proposal To License Operators of Cranes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Pavement Sealing Products. Description: An Act Concerning Pavement Sealing Products
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure That Defendants in Foreclosure Proceedings Receive Proper Notification. Description: An Act To Ensure That Defendants in Foreclosure Proceedings Receive Proper Notification
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Require Schools To Submit Pest Management Activity Logs and Inspection Results to the Board of Pesticides Control for the Purpose of Providing Information to the Public. Description: An Act To Require Schools To Submit Pest Management Activity Logs and Inspection Results to the Board of Pesticides Control for the Purpose of Providing Information to the Public
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Fund To Support Local Fruits and Vegetables Purchasing. Description: An Act To Establish the Fund To Support Local Fruits and Vegetables Purchasing
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Give Maine Schools Additional Options To Make Up Missed School Days. Description: An Act To Give Maine Schools Additional Options To Make Up Missed School Days
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Obesity by Reimbursing for Prescription Drug Therapy Provided by a Member of a Weight Management Team. Description: An Act To Reduce Obesity by Reimbursing for Prescription Drug Therapy Provided by a Member of a Weight Management Team
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Transfer of a Deceased Person's Moose Permit to a Family Member. Description: An Act Regarding the Transfer of a Deceased Person's Moose Permit to a Family Member
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Review the Implementation of the Maine Background Check Center Act. Description: Resolve, To Review the Implementation of the Maine Background Check Center Act
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Viability of Assisted Living Facilities by Increasing the Rate of Reimbursement. Description: An Act To Increase the Viability of Assisted Living Facilities by Increasing the Rate of Reimbursement
In 2020, Maine engrossed a bill titled: Resolve, Establishing a Commission To Study the Existing and Potential Effects of Freshwater and Marine Debris on Maine's Freshwater and Coastal Habitats and Species. Description: Resolve, Establishing a Commission To Study the Existing and Potential Effects of Freshwater and Marine Debris on Maine's Freshwater and Coastal Habitats and Species
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Regulation of Rabbit Production for Local Consumption. Description: An Act Regarding the Regulation of Rabbit Production for Local Consumption
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Number of Franklin County Commissioners. Description: An Act To Increase the Number of Franklin County Commissioners
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ban Native American Mascots in All Public Schools. Description: An Act To Ban Native American Mascots in All Public Schools
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission To Study and Recommend Funding Solutions for the State's Transportation Systems. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission To Study and Recommend Funding Solutions for the State's Transportation Systems
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Offshore Oil and Natural Gas Drilling and Exploration. Description: An Act To Prohibit Offshore Oil and Natural Gas Drilling and Exploration
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Student License Holders in the Monhegan Lobster Conservation Area To Fish for or Take Lobsters during a Closed Season. Description: An Act To Allow Student License Holders in the Monhegan Lobster Conservation Area To Fish for or Take Lobsters during a Closed Season
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Funding for the Maine Lakes Society "LakeSmart" Program and the Lake Stewards of Maine Volunteer Lake Monitoring Program. Description: An Act To Increase Funding for the Maine Lakes Society "LakeSmart" Program and the Lake Stewards of Maine Volunteer Lake Monitoring Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Municipalities with Municipal Shellfish Conservation Ordinances To Establish Minimum and Maximum Size Limits for Shellfish That Are at Least as Strict as Those Limits Established by the State. Description: An Act To Allow Municipalities with Municipal Shellfish Conservation Ordinances To Establish Minimum and Maximum Size Limits for Shellfish That Are at Least as Strict as Those Limits Established by the State
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Create the Shellfish Research Fund. Description: An Act To Create the Shellfish Research Fund
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Encourage Policies Regarding Accessory Dwelling Units under Local Comprehensive Plans and Zoning Requirements. Description: An Act To Encourage Policies Regarding Accessory Dwelling Units under Local Comprehensive Plans and Zoning Requirements
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish a Specialty Crops Certification Cost-share Pilot Program. Description: Resolve, To Establish a Specialty Crops Certification Cost-share Pilot Program
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Increase Access to Brain Injury Waiver Services. Description: Resolve, To Increase Access to Brain Injury Waiver Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Additional Lead Screening for Children. Description: An Act To Require Additional Lead Screening for Children
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Restore the Super Credit for Substantially Increased Research and Development. Description: An Act To Restore the Super Credit for Substantially Increased Research and Development
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Maine's Protection from Abuse Statutes. Description: An Act To Clarify Maine's Protection from Abuse Statutes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Expand the Use of the Women, Infants and Children Special Supplemental Food Program at Farmers' Markets. Description: Resolve, To Expand the Use of the Women, Infants and Children Special Supplemental Food Program at Farmers' Markets
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Exempt from Natural Resources Protection Act Permit Requirements Certain Maintenance and Repairs of Nonhydropower Dams. Description: An Act To Exempt from Natural Resources Protection Act Permit Requirements Certain Maintenance and Repairs of Nonhydropower Dams
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Develop Plans To Return to the State Children Housed in Residential Treatment Systems outside of the State. Description: Resolve, To Develop Plans To Return to the State Children Housed in Residential Treatment Systems outside of the State
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Maintain High School Diploma Standards by Repealing Proficiency-based Diploma Standards and Adding the Equivalent in Standards Achievement. Description: An Act To Maintain High School Diploma Standards by Repealing Proficiency-based Diploma Standards and Adding the Equivalent in Standards Achievement
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government and To Change Certain Provisions of Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2019. Description: An Act To Make Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government and To Change Certain Provisions of Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2019
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Making Unified Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, General Fund and Other Funds, and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2019, June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2021. Description: An Act Making Unified Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, General Fund and Other Funds, and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2019, June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2021
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Making Unified Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, Highway Fund and Other Funds, and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2019, June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2021. Description: An Act Making Unified Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, Highway Fund and Other Funds, and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2019, June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2021
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Accurate Explanations of Electric Bills. Description: An Act To Ensure Accurate Explanations of Electric Bills
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Administrative and Financial Services To Study the Costs and Benefits of Telework to the State and Its Employees. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Administrative and Financial Services To Study the Costs and Benefits of Telework to the State and Its Employees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish a Pilot Project To Save Lives and Support People with Substance Use Disorder in Washington County. Description: Resolve, To Establish a Pilot Project To Save Lives and Support People with Substance Use Disorder in Washington County
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Change the Educational Requirements of Certain Behavioral Health Professionals. Description: Resolve, To Change the Educational Requirements of Certain Behavioral Health Professionals
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Protections for Maine Patients Facing Step Therapy. Description: An Act To Provide Protections for Maine Patients Facing Step Therapy
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Develop a Model School Disciplinary Policy. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Develop a Model School Disciplinary Policy
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit the Provision of Conversion Therapy to Minors by Certain Licensed Professionals. Description: An Act To Prohibit the Provision of Conversion Therapy to Minors by Certain Licensed Professionals
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Secretary of State To Examine Best Practices in Elections. Description: Resolve, Directing the Secretary of State To Examine Best Practices in Elections
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prevent and Reduce Tobacco Use with Adequate Funding and by Equalizing the Taxes on Tobacco Products and To Improve Public Health. Description: An Act To Prevent and Reduce Tobacco Use with Adequate Funding and by Equalizing the Taxes on Tobacco Products and To Improve Public Health
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Substance Use Disorder Services Commission. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Substance Use Disorder Services Commission
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Establishing a Task Force To Study the Creation of a Comprehensive Career and Technical Education System and Increased Crosswalks for Academic Credit between Secondary Schools and Career and Technical Education Programs. Description: Resolve, Establishing a Task Force To Study the Creation of a Comprehensive Career and Technical Education System and Increased Crosswalks for Academic Credit between Secondary Schools and Career and Technical Education Programs
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Address the Browntail Moth Infestation. Description: An Act To Address the Browntail Moth Infestation
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Convene a Stakeholder Group on Funding and Training for the State's Hazardous Materials Emergency Response Teams and the Acquisition of Equipment. Description: Resolve, To Convene a Stakeholder Group on Funding and Training for the State's Hazardous Materials Emergency Response Teams and the Acquisition of Equipment
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish and Fund Interventions for At-risk Families and Children. Description: Resolve, To Establish and Fund Interventions for At-risk Families and Children
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Exempt Disabled Veterans from Property Taxes in Accordance with Their Disability Ratings. Description: An Act To Exempt Disabled Veterans from Property Taxes in Accordance with Their Disability Ratings
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Establish Universal Public Preschool Programs. Description: An Act To Establish Universal Public Preschool Programs
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Advance Children's Cancer Research in Maine. Description: An Act To Advance Children's Cancer Research in Maine
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce the Duration of Execution Liens. Description: An Act To Reduce the Duration of Execution Liens
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Regarding Ancient Burying Grounds. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Regarding Ancient Burying Grounds
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update and Amend the Finance Authority of Maine Act. Description: An Act To Update and Amend the Finance Authority of Maine Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize the Establishment of an Apprentice License for the Maine Scallop Fishery. Description: An Act To Authorize the Establishment of an Apprentice License for the Maine Scallop Fishery
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support the Role of Municipalities in Expanding Broadband Infrastructure. Description: An Act To Support the Role of Municipalities in Expanding Broadband Infrastructure
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Expand Health Insurance Coverage To Certain State Employees. Description: An Act To Expand Health Insurance Coverage To Certain State Employees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Tax Expenditure Review Process. Description: An Act To Amend the Tax Expenditure Review Process
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Implement an Intensive Drug Treatment Court Pilot Project in the Midcoast. Description: Resolve, To Implement an Intensive Drug Treatment Court Pilot Project in the Midcoast
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Number of Agency Liquor Store Licenses Permitted in a Municipality. Description: An Act Regarding the Number of Agency Liquor Store Licenses Permitted in a Municipality
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Public Schools To Periodically Test for Radon. Description: An Act To Authorize Public Schools To Periodically Test for Radon
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Biofuel in Heating Oil. Description: Resolve, Regarding Biofuel in Heating Oil
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Remove a Reference to Constables in the Law Governing Execution of Process. Description: An Act To Remove a Reference to Constables in the Law Governing Execution of Process
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the State's Commitments Concerning Certain Public Service Retirement Benefits. Description: An Act To Clarify the State's Commitments Concerning Certain Public Service Retirement Benefits
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Acupuncture Detoxification Specialists To Administer an Auricular Acupuncture Treatment for Substance Use and Co-occurring Disorders. Description: An Act To Allow Acupuncture Detoxification Specialists To Administer an Auricular Acupuncture Treatment for Substance Use and Co-occurring Disorders
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Health and Economic Security of Older Residents. Description: An Act To Improve the Health and Economic Security of Older Residents
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding All-terrain Vehicles. Description: An Act Regarding All-terrain Vehicles
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Driver's License Suspensions. Description: An Act Regarding Driver's License Suspensions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Certain Provisions of the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Act. Description: An Act To Clarify Certain Provisions of the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine State Housing Authority To Study and Report on the Need for Modifications To Make Homes Accessible for Senior Citizens and Persons with Disabilities. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine State Housing Authority To Study and Report on the Need for Modifications To Make Homes Accessible for Senior Citizens and Persons with Disabilities
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require That Hospital Liens Be Satisfied on a Just and Equitable Basis. Description: An Act To Require That Hospital Liens Be Satisfied on a Just and Equitable Basis
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Increase Funding for Assertive Community Treatment. Description: Resolve, To Increase Funding for Assertive Community Treatment
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Investigation and Prosecution of Sexual Assault Cases. Description: An Act To Improve the Investigation and Prosecution of Sexual Assault Cases
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Commissioner of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife To Study Registration Fees for All-terrain Vehicles and Snowmobiles. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Commissioner of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife To Study Registration Fees for All-terrain Vehicles and Snowmobiles
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Costs Incurred by Municipalities in the Administration of Aquaculture Lease and License Applications. Description: An Act Regarding the Costs Incurred by Municipalities in the Administration of Aquaculture Lease and License Applications
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen the Maine State Library. Description: An Act To Strengthen the Maine State Library
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Betting Limit on Games of Chance at Fairs and Festivals and To Expand Allowed Operation. Description: An Act To Increase the Betting Limit on Games of Chance at Fairs and Festivals and To Expand Allowed Operation
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Patients and the Prudent Layperson Standard. Description: An Act To Protect Patients and the Prudent Layperson Standard
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Property Tax Relief. Description: An Act To Provide Property Tax Relief
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To End Hunger in Maine by 2030. Description: Resolve, To End Hunger in Maine by 2030
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Transfer the Kim Wallace Adaptive Equipment Loan Program Fund to the Office of the Treasurer of State. Description: An Act To Transfer the Kim Wallace Adaptive Equipment Loan Program Fund to the Office of the Treasurer of State
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Consumption of Maine Foods in State Institutions. Description: An Act To Increase Consumption of Maine Foods in State Institutions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Improve Maine's Response to Childhood Trauma. Description: Resolve, To Improve Maine's Response to Childhood Trauma
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Address the Needs of Children with Intellectual Disabilities and Autism Spectrum Disorder. Description: An Act To Address the Needs of Children with Intellectual Disabilities and Autism Spectrum Disorder
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Electricity Costs through Nonwires Alternatives. Description: An Act To Reduce Electricity Costs through Nonwires Alternatives
In 2019, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Penalties for Early Retirement for Certain Members of the Maine Public Employees Retirement System. Description: An Act Regarding Penalties for Early Retirement for Certain Members of the Maine Public Employees Retirement System
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Address Electricity Costs of Agricultural Fairs. Description: An Act To Address Electricity Costs of Agricultural Fairs
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Apply the Same Auditing Standards to All Legislative Candidates. Description: An Act To Apply the Same Auditing Standards to All Legislative Candidates
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2020. Description: An Act To Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2020
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Utility Poles in Public Rights-of-way. Description: An Act Regarding Utility Poles in Public Rights-of-way
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand the 1998 Special Retirement Plan To Include Detectives in the Office of Investigations within the Department of the Secretary of State, Bureau of Motor Vehicles. Description: An Act To Expand the 1998 Special Retirement Plan To Include Detectives in the Office of Investigations within the Department of the Secretary of State, Bureau of Motor Vehicles
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand the 1998 Special Retirement Plan To Include Detectives in the Office of the Attorney General. Description: An Act To Expand the 1998 Special Retirement Plan To Include Detectives in the Office of the Attorney General
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Legislative Hearings on Citizen-initiated Legislation. Description: An Act To Require Legislative Hearings on Citizen-initiated Legislation
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Adopt the Uniform Interstate Depositions and Discovery Act. Description: An Act To Adopt the Uniform Interstate Depositions and Discovery Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Maine Medical Marijuana Caregivers To Measure Cultivation Limits by Plant Canopy Size. Description: An Act To Allow Maine Medical Marijuana Caregivers To Measure Cultivation Limits by Plant Canopy Size
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish an Independent Panel To Review the Use of Deadly Force by Law Enforcement Officers. Description: An Act To Establish an Independent Panel To Review the Use of Deadly Force by Law Enforcement Officers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Remove Certain Restrictions Imposed on Retired State Employees Who Return to Work. Description: An Act To Remove Certain Restrictions Imposed on Retired State Employees Who Return to Work
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Electric Bicycles. Description: An Act Regarding Electric Bicycles
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Incorporate Transportation Demand Management Strategies in Its Rules Pertaining to Traffic Movement Permits. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Incorporate Transportation Demand Management Strategies in Its Rules Pertaining to Traffic Movement Permits
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Requiring the Department of Health and Human Services To Develop More Comprehensible MaineCare Benefit Letters. Description: Resolve, Requiring the Department of Health and Human Services To Develop More Comprehensible MaineCare Benefit Letters
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Committee To Study and Develop Recommendations To Address Guardianship Challenges That Delay Patient Discharges from Hospitals. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Committee To Study and Develop Recommendations To Address Guardianship Challenges That Delay Patient Discharges from Hospitals
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Civil Animal Welfare Laws. Description: An Act To Update the Civil Animal Welfare Laws
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Expand the Value of the Homestead Exemption to $25,000 and State Reimbursement to 70 Percent of Lost Property Tax Revenue. Description: An Act To Expand the Value of the Homestead Exemption to $25,000 and State Reimbursement to 70 Percent of Lost Property Tax Revenue
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Simplify Municipal Collective Bargaining by Removing the 120-Day Notice Required Prior to Certain Negotiations. Description: An Act To Simplify Municipal Collective Bargaining by Removing the 120-Day Notice Required Prior to Certain Negotiations
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Exempt Certain Print Publications from Sales Tax. Description: An Act To Exempt Certain Print Publications from Sales Tax
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Career and Technical Training Options for Electricians. Description: An Act To Provide Career and Technical Training Options for Electricians
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect the Health and Safety of Maine State Park Visitors and Staff. Description: An Act To Protect the Health and Safety of Maine State Park Visitors and Staff
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Clarify the Good Cause and Sanction Process in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families and Additional Support for People in Retraining and Employment Programs. Description: Resolve, To Clarify the Good Cause and Sanction Process in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families and Additional Support for People in Retraining and Employment Programs
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the ConnectME Authority To Report on the Progress of the Detailed 2019-2021 Strategic Plan for Broadband Service in Maine. Description: Resolve, To Direct the ConnectME Authority To Report on the Progress of the Detailed 2019-2021 Strategic Plan for Broadband Service in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Infringing on the Rights of Association of Dependent Adults. Description: An Act To Prohibit Infringing on the Rights of Association of Dependent Adults
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Authorize a Local Option Sales Tax on Meals and Lodging and Provide Funding To Treat Opioid Use Disorder. Description: An Act To Authorize a Local Option Sales Tax on Meals and Lodging and Provide Funding To Treat Opioid Use Disorder
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide a Health Care Preceptor Tax Credit. Description: An Act To Provide a Health Care Preceptor Tax Credit
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase Access to Transportation for Workforce and Other Essential Transportation Needs. Description: An Act To Increase Access to Transportation for Workforce and Other Essential Transportation Needs
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Short-term, Limited-duration Health Plans. Description: An Act Regarding Short-term, Limited-duration Health Plans
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Certain Health Care Professionals To Perform Abortions. Description: An Act To Authorize Certain Health Care Professionals To Perform Abortions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Provisions of the Blueberry Tax. Description: An Act To Clarify Provisions of the Blueberry Tax
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Green New Deal for Maine. Description: An Act To Establish a Green New Deal for Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Advance College Affordability by Convening a Task Force To Recommend a Sustainable Funding Model for Maintaining Maine's Public Higher Education Infrastructure. Description: Resolve, To Advance College Affordability by Convening a Task Force To Recommend a Sustainable Funding Model for Maintaining Maine's Public Higher Education Infrastructure
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Transparency with Regard to Pawnshops. Description: An Act To Increase Transparency with Regard to Pawnshops
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Maine Human Rights Commission To Implement a Pilot Program To Investigate and Report on Incidents of Harassment Due to Housing Status, Lack of Employment and Other Issues. Description: Resolve, Directing the Maine Human Rights Commission To Implement a Pilot Program To Investigate and Report on Incidents of Harassment Due to Housing Status, Lack of Employment and Other Issues
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Youth Cancer Risk. Description: An Act To Reduce Youth Cancer Risk
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance Fish and Wildlife Laws. Description: An Act To Enhance Fish and Wildlife Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Transfer the Guilford Butler School Property to the Town of South Thomaston. Description: Resolve, To Transfer the Guilford Butler School Property to the Town of South Thomaston
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ease Financial Burdens for Juveniles Involved in the Justice System. Description: An Act To Ease Financial Burdens for Juveniles Involved in the Justice System
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enact the Maine Death with Dignity Act. Description: An Act To Enact the Maine Death with Dignity Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend Protections for Genetic Information. Description: An Act To Extend Protections for Genetic Information
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Medically Monitored Crisis Support and Intervention. Description: An Act To Support Medically Monitored Crisis Support and Intervention
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Increase Access to Housing-related Support Services. Description: Resolve, To Increase Access to Housing-related Support Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Employer Disciplinary Action against Firefighters and Emergency Medical Services Persons Responding to an Emergency. Description: An Act To Prohibit Employer Disciplinary Action against Firefighters and Emergency Medical Services Persons Responding to an Emergency
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require the Department of Environmental Protection To Provide Natural Resources Protection Act Permits to Affected Municipalities. Description: An Act To Require the Department of Environmental Protection To Provide Natural Resources Protection Act Permits to Affected Municipalities
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Equitable Tax Treatment to State-licensed Marijuana Businesses. Description: An Act To Provide Equitable Tax Treatment to State-licensed Marijuana Businesses
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Save Lives by Establishing a Homeless Opioid Users Service Engagement Pilot Project within the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, To Save Lives by Establishing a Homeless Opioid Users Service Engagement Pilot Project within the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Teachers from Unfair Evaluations. Description: An Act To Protect Teachers from Unfair Evaluations
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Criminal History Record Checks for All Prospective and Current Staff Members of the Office of the State Auditor. Description: An Act To Require Criminal History Record Checks for All Prospective and Current Staff Members of the Office of the State Auditor
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Flexibility for Efficient and Effective Management of School Management and Leadership Centers. Description: An Act To Provide Flexibility for Efficient and Effective Management of School Management and Leadership Centers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine Workforce, Research, Development and Student Achievement Institute. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine Workforce, Research, Development and Student Achievement Institute
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapters II and III, Section 40: Home Health Services, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapters II and III, Section 40: Home Health Services, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Regarding Local Workforce Development Boards. Description: An Act Regarding Local Workforce Development Boards
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Fund Opioid Treatment by Establishing an Excise Tax on Manufacturers of Opioids. Description: An Act To Fund Opioid Treatment by Establishing an Excise Tax on Manufacturers of Opioids
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Net Neutrality and Internet Policy. Description: An Act Regarding Net Neutrality and Internet Policy
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Certain Sexual Acts and Sexual Contact by Law Enforcement Officers in Performance of Official Duties and To Amend the Law on Obstructing Criminal Prosecution. Description: An Act To Prohibit Certain Sexual Acts and Sexual Contact by Law Enforcement Officers in Performance of Official Duties and To Amend the Law on Obstructing Criminal Prosecution
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Direct the Department of Education To Amend Its Rules To Ensure That Physical Restraint and Seclusion Policies Are Followed and Make Biennial Reports on the Use of Physical Restraint and Seclusion. Description: An Act To Direct the Department of Education To Amend Its Rules To Ensure That Physical Restraint and Seclusion Policies Are Followed and Make Biennial Reports on the Use of Physical Restraint and Seclusion
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Enhance and Improve the Maine Developmental Services Oversight and Advisory Board and To Establish the Aging and Disability Mortality Review Panel. Description: An Act To Enhance and Improve the Maine Developmental Services Oversight and Advisory Board and To Establish the Aging and Disability Mortality Review Panel
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure the Provision of Medical Assessments for Youth in Foster Care. Description: An Act To Ensure the Provision of Medical Assessments for Youth in Foster Care
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Study and Develop a State Plan for Computer Science Instruction and Professional Development. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Education To Study and Develop a State Plan for Computer Science Instruction and Professional Development
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Change the Requirements for Recording Plans at the County Registries of Deeds. Description: An Act To Change the Requirements for Recording Plans at the County Registries of Deeds
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Administrative and Financial Services To Conduct a Surplus Property Inventory. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Administrative and Financial Services To Conduct a Surplus Property Inventory
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create Fairness for Dispatchers in the Maine Public Employees Retirement System. Description: An Act To Create Fairness for Dispatchers in the Maine Public Employees Retirement System
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Laws Governing the Regional Library Systems. Description: An Act To Update the Laws Governing the Regional Library Systems
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Admissibility of Certain Statements of Juveniles. Description: An Act Regarding the Admissibility of Certain Statements of Juveniles
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Oral Health and Access to Dental Care for Maine Children. Description: An Act To Improve Oral Health and Access to Dental Care for Maine Children
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Recruitment and Retention in State Law Enforcement by Offering Retirement Service Credit. Description: An Act To Improve Recruitment and Retention in State Law Enforcement by Offering Retirement Service Credit
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Study Transmission Solutions To Enable Renewable Energy Investment in the State. Description: Resolve, To Study Transmission Solutions To Enable Renewable Energy Investment in the State
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend the General Assistance Laws Governing Reimbursement. Description: An Act To Amend the General Assistance Laws Governing Reimbursement
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Provide Support Services and Funds To Prevent Homelessness. Description: Resolve, To Provide Support Services and Funds To Prevent Homelessness
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Foreclosure To Ensure Timely Completion. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Foreclosure To Ensure Timely Completion
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Revise and Recodify Certain Provisions of the Maine Criminal Code. Description: An Act To Revise and Recodify Certain Provisions of the Maine Criminal Code
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Federal Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. Description: An Act Regarding the Federal Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Collective Bargaining Rights of Employees of School Management and Leadership Centers. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Collective Bargaining Rights of Employees of School Management and Leadership Centers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Penalties for Violations of the Freedom of Access Act. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Penalties for Violations of the Freedom of Access Act
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Laws Regarding Abandoned Roads. Description: An Act To Improve the Laws Regarding Abandoned Roads
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Freedom of Access Training for Public Officials. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Concerning Freedom of Access Training for Public Officials
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Expand Access to Head Start To Assist Opioid-affected and Other At-risk Families. Description: An Act To Expand Access to Head Start To Assist Opioid-affected and Other At-risk Families
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Create an Access to Justice Income Tax Credit. Description: An Act To Create an Access to Justice Income Tax Credit
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Protections for Land Installment Contracts. Description: An Act To Increase Protections for Land Installment Contracts
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create Tax Equity among Renewable Energy Investments. Description: An Act To Create Tax Equity among Renewable Energy Investments
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Support Municipal Recycling Programs. Description: Resolve, To Support Municipal Recycling Programs
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect the Environment and Public Health by Further Reducing Toxic Chemicals in Packaging. Description: An Act To Protect the Environment and Public Health by Further Reducing Toxic Chemicals in Packaging
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing Coordinated State Agencies To Engage with the Governing Leaderships of Portland Pipe Line Corporation and Montreal Pipe Line Limited for Sustainability-centered Repurposing of Stranded and At-risk Infrastructure Assets in Maine. Description: Resolve, Directing Coordinated State Agencies To Engage with the Governing Leaderships of Portland Pipe Line Corporation and Montreal Pipe Line Limited for Sustainability-centered Repurposing of Stranded and At-risk Infrastructure Assets in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine Concerning Alternative Signatures Made by Persons with Disabilities. Description: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine Concerning Alternative Signatures Made by Persons with Disabilities
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Align the Laws Governing Dental Therapy with Standards Established by the American Dental Association Commission on Dental Accreditation. Description: An Act To Align the Laws Governing Dental Therapy with Standards Established by the American Dental Association Commission on Dental Accreditation
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for Court-appointed Advocates for Justice in Animal Cruelty Cases. Description: An Act To Provide for Court-appointed Advocates for Justice in Animal Cruelty Cases
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Providing Labor Unions with Reasonable Access to Current and Newly Hired Public Sector Workers. Description: An Act Providing Labor Unions with Reasonable Access to Current and Newly Hired Public Sector Workers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Collection of the Sales and Use Tax by Marketplace Facilitators. Description: An Act Regarding the Collection of the Sales and Use Tax by Marketplace Facilitators
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Dental Health for Maine Children and Adults with Low Incomes. Description: An Act To Improve Dental Health for Maine Children and Adults with Low Incomes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Change the Name of Township 17, Range 3 to Van Buren Cove. Description: An Act To Change the Name of Township 17, Range 3 to Van Buren Cove
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Certain References in the Maine Revised Statutes Gender-neutral. Description: An Act To Make Certain References in the Maine Revised Statutes Gender-neutral
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create an Automatic Voter Registration System. Description: An Act To Create an Automatic Voter Registration System
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Electrification of Certain Technologies for the Benefit of Maine Consumers and Utility Systems and the Environment. Description: An Act To Support Electrification of Certain Technologies for the Benefit of Maine Consumers and Utility Systems and the Environment
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement Recommendations of the Department of Environmental Protection Regarding the State's Cellular Telephone Recycling Law. Description: An Act To Implement Recommendations of the Department of Environmental Protection Regarding the State's Cellular Telephone Recycling Law
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enact the Maine Uniform Directed Trust Act. Description: An Act To Enact the Maine Uniform Directed Trust Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Eliminate Profiling in Maine. Description: An Act To Eliminate Profiling in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Recounts in Municipal Elections. Description: An Act To Clarify Recounts in Municipal Elections
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine To Facilitate the Use of Ranked-choice Voting for Governor and Members of the Legislature. Description: RESOLUTION, Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of Maine To Facilitate the Use of Ranked-choice Voting for Governor and Members of the Legislature
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 115: The Credentialing of Education Personnel, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 115: The Credentialing of Education Personnel, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Guardianship over Detainees under 18 Years of Age Regarding Mental Health Care. Description: An Act To Clarify Guardianship over Detainees under 18 Years of Age Regarding Mental Health Care
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Modify Retirement Plans for Fire Investigators and Sergeants. Description: An Act To Modify Retirement Plans for Fire Investigators and Sergeants
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Disposition of Funds Presumed Abandoned in a Lawyer's Trust Account. Description: An Act To Clarify the Disposition of Funds Presumed Abandoned in a Lawyer's Trust Account
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a System Using the Permit for Disposition of Human Remains To Track the Burial of Cremated Remains in a Public Cemetery. Description: An Act To Create a System Using the Permit for Disposition of Human Remains To Track the Burial of Cremated Remains in a Public Cemetery
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Contact Person Program in the Department of Public Safety. Description: An Act To Create a Contact Person Program in the Department of Public Safety
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen Supports for Adults with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism in Crisis. Description: An Act To Strengthen Supports for Adults with Intellectual Disabilities or Autism in Crisis
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Exempt Holders of Gold Star Family Registration Plates from Vehicle Registration Fees. Description: An Act To Exempt Holders of Gold Star Family Registration Plates from Vehicle Registration Fees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Holders of Gold Star Family Registration Plates To Be Issued Complimentary Licenses To Hunt, Trap and Fish. Description: An Act To Allow Holders of Gold Star Family Registration Plates To Be Issued Complimentary Licenses To Hunt, Trap and Fish
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Study Consolidation of Payment of Cost-of-living Tax Credits. Description: Resolve, To Study Consolidation of Payment of Cost-of-living Tax Credits
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Marijuana Laws To Correct Inconsistencies in Recently Enacted Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Marijuana Laws To Correct Inconsistencies in Recently Enacted Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code To Ensure It Is Consistent with Current Standards and Applies to Small Municipalities. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code To Ensure It Is Consistent with Current Standards and Applies to Small Municipalities
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 97: Private Non-Medical Institution Services and Appendices B, C, D, E and F, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 97: Private Non-Medical Institution Services and Appendices B, C, D, E and F, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Persons Who Are Found Not Criminally Responsible and Are Sent out of State for Treatment. Description: An Act Regarding Persons Who Are Found Not Criminally Responsible and Are Sent out of State for Treatment
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Date by Which an Applicant for Funds under the Local Road Assistance Program Must Provide Certification to the Department of Transportation. Description: An Act To Amend the Date by Which an Applicant for Funds under the Local Road Assistance Program Must Provide Certification to the Department of Transportation
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Enforcement in the Elver Fishery. Description: An Act To Improve Enforcement in the Elver Fishery
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Efficiency in Communication in the Court System. Description: An Act To Improve Efficiency in Communication in the Court System
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Facilitate the Deployment of Small Wireless Facilities in Maine. Description: An Act To Facilitate the Deployment of Small Wireless Facilities in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Fund for Portions of the Operations and Outreach Activities of the University of Maine Cooperative Extension Diagnostic and Research Laboratory. Description: An Act To Establish a Fund for Portions of the Operations and Outreach Activities of the University of Maine Cooperative Extension Diagnostic and Research Laboratory
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Nondisclosure Agreements in Employment. Description: An Act Concerning Nondisclosure Agreements in Employment
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Eliminate Single-use Plastic Carry-out Bags. Description: An Act To Eliminate Single-use Plastic Carry-out Bags
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Maine Fireworks Laws To Include Flame Effects. Description: An Act To Amend Maine Fireworks Laws To Include Flame Effects
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Correct Errors and Inconsistencies Related to the Maine Uniform Probate Code and To Make Other Substantive Changes. Description: An Act To Correct Errors and Inconsistencies Related to the Maine Uniform Probate Code and To Make Other Substantive Changes
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Portion of Retirement Benefits to Which the Cost-of-living Adjustment Applies. Description: An Act To Increase the Portion of Retirement Benefits to Which the Cost-of-living Adjustment Applies
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Public Higher Education Systems Coordinating Committee To Study Compensation Equity among Public Higher Education Institutions. Description: Resolve, Directing the Public Higher Education Systems Coordinating Committee To Study Compensation Equity among Public Higher Education Institutions
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Maine Children Access to Affordable Health Care. Description: An Act To Provide Maine Children Access to Affordable Health Care
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Advance Deposit Wagering Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Advance Deposit Wagering Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish "Ballad of the 20th Maine" as the Official State Ballad. Description: An Act To Establish "Ballad of the 20th Maine" as the Official State Ballad
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Fishing Laws between the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife and the Department of Marine Resources as They Relate to Striped Bass in Inland Waters. Description: An Act To Clarify Fishing Laws between the Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife and the Department of Marine Resources as They Relate to Striped Bass in Inland Waters
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Technical Changes to Maine's Marine Resources Laws. Description: An Act To Make Technical Changes to Maine's Marine Resources Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing the Deorganization of Magalloway Plantation. Description: An Act Authorizing the Deorganization of Magalloway Plantation
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Provisions of the Maine Juvenile Code Regarding Inspection, Disclosure and Dissemination of Juvenile Case Records and To Change Gender-specific Terms. Description: An Act To Clarify Provisions of the Maine Juvenile Code Regarding Inspection, Disclosure and Dissemination of Juvenile Case Records and To Change Gender-specific Terms
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Department of Corrections' Response to Emergency Situations by Amending Provisions Related to Vehicles Operated by Certain Department Employees. Description: An Act To Improve the Department of Corrections' Response to Emergency Situations by Amending Provisions Related to Vehicles Operated by Certain Department Employees
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Assist Nursing Homes in the Management of Facility Beds. Description: An Act To Assist Nursing Homes in the Management of Facility Beds
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Administration of the Maine Aeronautical Advisory Board and the Public Transit Advisory Council. Description: An Act To Improve Administration of the Maine Aeronautical Advisory Board and the Public Transit Advisory Council
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Limited Fish Stocking Permit. Description: An Act To Create a Limited Fish Stocking Permit
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Licensing Information of Medical Professionals. Description: An Act To Protect Licensing Information of Medical Professionals
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Attract, Build and Retain an Early Childhood Education Workforce through Increased Training, Education and Career Pathways. Description: An Act To Attract, Build and Retain an Early Childhood Education Workforce through Increased Training, Education and Career Pathways
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Relating to Harness Racing. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Relating to Harness Racing
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Dissolution of Regional School Units Composed of a Single Municipality. Description: An Act To Allow the Dissolution of Regional School Units Composed of a Single Municipality
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Infrastructure Improvements in Schools. Description: An Act To Support Infrastructure Improvements in Schools
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance the Long-term Stability of Certain At-risk Youth. Description: An Act To Enhance the Long-term Stability of Certain At-risk Youth
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Purchases Made by Nonprofit Youth Camps. Description: An Act To Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Purchases Made by Nonprofit Youth Camps
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Educators for Maine Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Educators for Maine Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Set Off Court Fines, Surcharges and Assessments against Lottery Winnings. Description: An Act To Set Off Court Fines, Surcharges and Assessments against Lottery Winnings
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Modify the Deed for a Parcel of Property in the Town of Carrabassett Valley. Description: Resolve, To Modify the Deed for a Parcel of Property in the Town of Carrabassett Valley
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Presumption of Abandonment of Gift Obligations. Description: An Act Regarding the Presumption of Abandonment of Gift Obligations
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Establishing the Commission To Study the Economic, Environmental and Energy Benefits of Energy Storage to the Maine Electricity Industry. Description: Resolve, Establishing the Commission To Study the Economic, Environmental and Energy Benefits of Energy Storage to the Maine Electricity Industry
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enact the Peer-to-peer Car Sharing Insurance Act. Description: An Act To Enact the Peer-to-peer Car Sharing Insurance Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize the Use of Autocycles. Description: An Act To Authorize the Use of Autocycles
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement Recommendations of the Department of Environmental Protection Regarding the State's Container Redemption Laws. Description: An Act To Implement Recommendations of the Department of Environmental Protection Regarding the State's Container Redemption Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Future Evaluations of the Pine Tree Development Zone Program. Description: An Act Regarding Future Evaluations of the Pine Tree Development Zone Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Criminal Procedure with Respect to Allowable Defenses. Description: An Act Regarding Criminal Procedure with Respect to Allowable Defenses
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services To Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2019-20. Description: An Act To Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services To Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2019-20
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Conflict of Interest Requirements for the Board of Environmental Protection. Description: An Act To Clarify Conflict of Interest Requirements for the Board of Environmental Protection
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create Affordable Workforce and Senior Housing and Preserve Affordable Rural Housing. Description: An Act To Create Affordable Workforce and Senior Housing and Preserve Affordable Rural Housing
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement Recommendations of the Department of Environmental Protection Regarding the State's Product Stewardship Program Framework Laws. Description: An Act To Implement Recommendations of the Department of Environmental Protection Regarding the State's Product Stewardship Program Framework Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Tax Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Tax Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Technical Changes to the Taxation of Marijuana. Description: An Act To Make Technical Changes to the Taxation of Marijuana
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create Veteran-friendly Workplaces. Description: An Act To Create Veteran-friendly Workplaces
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Improve and Modernize Home-based Care. Description: An Act To Improve and Modernize Home-based Care
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the State Compensation Commission. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the State Compensation Commission
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement Recommendations of the Department of Environmental Protection Regarding the State's Mercury-added Lamp Law. Description: An Act To Implement Recommendations of the Department of Environmental Protection Regarding the State's Mercury-added Lamp Law
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maine Capital Investment Credit To Ensure Fairness for Maine Businesses and To Reduce Taxes on Lower-income Working Families. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maine Capital Investment Credit To Ensure Fairness for Maine Businesses and To Reduce Taxes on Lower-income Working Families
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance the Ability of the State To Prosecute the Crime of Operating Under the Influence. Description: An Act To Enhance the Ability of the State To Prosecute the Crime of Operating Under the Influence
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Reentry Houses as Part of Supervised Community Confinement. Description: An Act To Allow Reentry Houses as Part of Supervised Community Confinement
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize the Commissioner of Corrections To Designate Additional Employees of the Department of Corrections To Collect Biological Samples. Description: An Act To Authorize the Commissioner of Corrections To Designate Additional Employees of the Department of Corrections To Collect Biological Samples
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Removal of Unlawful Signs. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Removal of Unlawful Signs
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Definitions of Consumer-owned Utilities. Description: An Act To Clarify the Definitions of Consumer-owned Utilities
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Facilitate Entry of Immigrants into the Workforce. Description: An Act To Facilitate Entry of Immigrants into the Workforce
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 28: Allowances for Rehabilitative and Community Support Services for Children with Cognitive Impairments and Functional Limitations, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 101: MaineCare Benefits Manual, Chapter III, Section 28: Allowances for Rehabilitative and Community Support Services for Children with Cognitive Impairments and Functional Limitations, a Late-filed Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Timeliness of Payments to the State. Description: An Act Regarding the Timeliness of Payments to the State
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create Jobs and Slow Climate Change by Promoting the Production of Natural Resources Bioproducts. Description: An Act To Create Jobs and Slow Climate Change by Promoting the Production of Natural Resources Bioproducts
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make a Technical Correction to the Law Governing Certification of Seed Potatoes. Description: An Act To Make a Technical Correction to the Law Governing Certification of Seed Potatoes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding African-American Student Data Analyses. Description: Resolve, Regarding African-American Student Data Analyses
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Various Provisions of the Maine Human Rights Act. Description: An Act To Clarify Various Provisions of the Maine Human Rights Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance the Administration of the Maine Human Rights Act. Description: An Act To Enhance the Administration of the Maine Human Rights Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Consistency in the Maine Human Rights Act and Related Statutes. Description: An Act To Improve Consistency in the Maine Human Rights Act and Related Statutes
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Securities Restitution Assistance Fund for Victims of Securities Violations. Description: An Act To Establish the Securities Restitution Assistance Fund for Victims of Securities Violations
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for the Merger of Hospital Administrative District No. 4 into MRH Corp., a Maine Nonprofit, Nonstock Private Corporation. Description: An Act To Provide for the Merger of Hospital Administrative District No. 4 into MRH Corp., a Maine Nonprofit, Nonstock Private Corporation
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Return Funds to Maine Property Tax Payers. Description: An Act To Return Funds to Maine Property Tax Payers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Licensing Laws for Occupational Therapy Practice. Description: An Act To Update the Licensing Laws for Occupational Therapy Practice
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify and Correct Maine's Fish and Wildlife Laws. Description: An Act To Clarify and Correct Maine's Fish and Wildlife Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Align the Harness Racing Laws with Current Policies. Description: An Act To Align the Harness Racing Laws with Current Policies
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Carrier License for Pelagic and Anadromous Fish. Description: An Act To Create a Carrier License for Pelagic and Anadromous Fish
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Elections. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Elections
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Representation of the Department of Marine Resources in Libel Proceedings. Description: An Act Regarding Representation of the Department of Marine Resources in Libel Proceedings
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Eliminate the Scallop Drag Size Limitation in Blue Hill Bay. Description: An Act To Eliminate the Scallop Drag Size Limitation in Blue Hill Bay
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Comprehensive Interdepartmental Planning, Coordination and Collaboration on Aging Policy. Description: An Act To Ensure Comprehensive Interdepartmental Planning, Coordination and Collaboration on Aging Policy
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Medical Marijuana. Description: An Act Regarding Medical Marijuana
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the State Tax Assessor To Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the State Tax Assessor To Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Laws Regarding Boating and Hunting Licensing. Description: An Act To Clarify Inland Fisheries and Wildlife Laws Regarding Boating and Hunting Licensing
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reclassify Certain Waters of the State. Description: An Act To Reclassify Certain Waters of the State
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update References to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Contained in the Maine Revised Statutes. Description: An Act To Update References to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Contained in the Maine Revised Statutes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Tagging and Sale of Shellfish. Description: An Act Regarding the Tagging and Sale of Shellfish
In 2020, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Appliance Energy and Water Standards. Description: An Act To Establish Appliance Energy and Water Standards
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend and Clarify the Laws Concerning American Sign Language Interpreters. Description: An Act To Amend and Clarify the Laws Concerning American Sign Language Interpreters
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Boothbay Harbor Sewer District. Description: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Boothbay Harbor Sewer District
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Amending the Charter of the Boothbay-Boothbay Harbor Community School District. Description: An Act Amending the Charter of the Boothbay-Boothbay Harbor Community School District
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Geologist and Soil Scientist Licensing Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Geologist and Soil Scientist Licensing Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Public Safety through Coordinated Reentry of Prisoners into the Community. Description: An Act To Improve Public Safety through Coordinated Reentry of Prisoners into the Community
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Certain Standards for the Efficiency Maine Trust's Triennial Plan. Description: An Act To Clarify Certain Standards for the Efficiency Maine Trust's Triennial Plan
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand and Clarify the Prohibition of Hazing at Elementary Schools, Secondary Schools and Postsecondary Institutions. Description: An Act To Expand and Clarify the Prohibition of Hazing at Elementary Schools, Secondary Schools and Postsecondary Institutions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Barbering and Cosmetology Licensing Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Barbering and Cosmetology Licensing Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Various Changes to the Motor Vehicle Laws. Description: An Act To Make Various Changes to the Motor Vehicle Laws
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Law Governing Name Changes. Description: An Act To Amend the Law Governing Name Changes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Secure Transitions to Economic Prosperity for Maine Families and Children. Description: An Act To Secure Transitions to Economic Prosperity for Maine Families and Children
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Bonding Authority for School Management and Leadership Centers. Description: An Act To Clarify Bonding Authority for School Management and Leadership Centers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Child Poverty by Leveraging Investments so Families Can Thrive. Description: An Act To Reduce Child Poverty by Leveraging Investments so Families Can Thrive
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Sustenance Fishing. Description: An Act To Protect Sustenance Fishing
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Standards for Operation and Maintenance and Asset Management for Publicly Owned Treatment Works and Municipal Satellite Collection Systems. Description: An Act To Establish Standards for Operation and Maintenance and Asset Management for Publicly Owned Treatment Works and Municipal Satellite Collection Systems
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Replacement of At-risk Home Heating Oil Tanks. Description: An Act To Support Replacement of At-risk Home Heating Oil Tanks
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Motorcycle Rider Education and Driver Education Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Motorcycle Rider Education and Driver Education Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Motor Vehicle Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Motor Vehicle Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Land Permit by Rule Application Fees. Description: An Act To Increase Land Permit by Rule Application Fees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Certain Education Laws. Description: An Act To Amend Certain Education Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Law To Protect the Confidentiality of State and Local Government Employees' Private Information. Description: An Act To Amend the Law To Protect the Confidentiality of State and Local Government Employees' Private Information
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Compliance with Federal Family First Prevention Services Legislation. Description: An Act To Ensure Compliance with Federal Family First Prevention Services Legislation
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Study Transmission Grid Reliability and Rate Stability in Northern Maine. Description: Resolve, To Study Transmission Grid Reliability and Rate Stability in Northern Maine
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Convey Certain Land in the Little Moose Unit of Moosehead Junction Township. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Convey Certain Land in the Little Moose Unit of Moosehead Junction Township
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Modernize the E-9-1-1 Laws To Include Text Messaging and Other Methods of Contacting E-9-1-1. Description: An Act To Modernize the E-9-1-1 Laws To Include Text Messaging and Other Methods of Contacting E-9-1-1
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Compliance with Federal Requirements for Background Checks of Certain Department of Health and Human Services Employees. Description: An Act To Ensure Compliance with Federal Requirements for Background Checks of Certain Department of Health and Human Services Employees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Laws Regarding Death and Marriage Records. Description: An Act To Update the Laws Regarding Death and Marriage Records
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Veterans' Services. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Veterans' Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Certain Laws Related to Members of the Military and the Maine National Guard. Description: An Act To Amend Certain Laws Related to Members of the Military and the Maine National Guard
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Certain Nonprofit Charitable Organizations. Description: An Act To Provide a Sales Tax Exemption for Certain Nonprofit Charitable Organizations
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Increase Funding for Evidence-based Therapies for Treating Emotional and Behavioral Problems in Children. Description: Resolve, To Increase Funding for Evidence-based Therapies for Treating Emotional and Behavioral Problems in Children
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Ensure Safe and Inclusive Learning Environments. Description: Resolve, To Ensure Safe and Inclusive Learning Environments
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure the Safety and Well-being of Infants Affected by Substance Exposure. Description: An Act To Ensure the Safety and Well-being of Infants Affected by Substance Exposure
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Technical Changes to the Maine Tax Laws. Description: An Act To Make Technical Changes to the Maine Tax Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify and Enhance Certain Maine Wildlife Laws. Description: An Act To Clarify and Enhance Certain Maine Wildlife Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Harmonize State Income Tax Law and the Centralized Partnership Audit Rules of the Federal Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Description: An Act To Harmonize State Income Tax Law and the Centralized Partnership Audit Rules of the Federal Internal Revenue Code of 1986
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Investigations by School Entities into Holders of Credentials. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Investigations by School Entities into Holders of Credentials
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Establishing the Office of Policy Innovation and the Future. Description: An Act Establishing the Office of Policy Innovation and the Future
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Correct Inconsistencies, Conflicts and Errors in the Laws of Maine. Description: An Act To Correct Inconsistencies, Conflicts and Errors in the Laws of Maine
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Adequate Funding for the Maine Pollutant Discharge Elimination System and Waste Discharge Licensing Program. Description: An Act To Ensure Adequate Funding for the Maine Pollutant Discharge Elimination System and Waste Discharge Licensing Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Prostitution. Description: An Act Regarding Prostitution
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Requiring the Department of Health and Human Services To Examine Options for Upper Payment Limit Adjustments for MaineCare Services. Description: Resolve, Requiring the Department of Health and Human Services To Examine Options for Upper Payment Limit Adjustments for MaineCare Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Continue until August 3, 2019 Limited-period Positions Expiring in June 2019. Description: Resolve, To Continue until August 3, 2019 Limited-period Positions Expiring in June 2019
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding for Two Positions in the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry. Description: An Act To Provide Funding for Two Positions in the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Public Utilities Commission To Evaluate the Ownership of Maine's Power Delivery Systems. Description: Resolve, Directing the Public Utilities Commission To Evaluate the Ownership of Maine's Power Delivery Systems
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Fund Collective Bargaining Agreements with Executive Branch Employees. Description: An Act To Fund Collective Bargaining Agreements with Executive Branch Employees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Fund Collective Bargaining Agreements with Certain Judicial Department Employees. Description: An Act To Fund Collective Bargaining Agreements with Certain Judicial Department Employees
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Include Student Absences for Mental Health or Behavioral Health Needs as Excusable Absences. Description: An Act To Include Student Absences for Mental Health or Behavioral Health Needs as Excusable Absences
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Teachers from Professional Teacher Certificate Endorsement Changes. Description: An Act To Protect Teachers from Professional Teacher Certificate Endorsement Changes
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Access to Justice and Maine's Rural Lawyer Workforce by Expanding Student Attorney Practice Opportunities. Description: An Act To Increase Access to Justice and Maine's Rural Lawyer Workforce by Expanding Student Attorney Practice Opportunities
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Process for the Consideration and Implementation of Changes to Mandated Instruction or Training for Students. Description: An Act To Establish a Process for the Consideration and Implementation of Changes to Mandated Instruction or Training for Students
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2021 and To Increase the Maine Turnpike Authority Revenue Bond Limit. Description: An Act To Make Allocations from Maine Turnpike Authority Funds for the Maine Turnpike Authority for the Calendar Year Ending December 31, 2021 and To Increase the Maine Turnpike Authority Revenue Bond Limit
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Uniform Probate Code. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Uniform Probate Code
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Correct the Maine Revised Unclaimed Property Act to Reflect Recent Changes. Description: An Act To Correct the Maine Revised Unclaimed Property Act to Reflect Recent Changes
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Protection from Abuse Laws Concerning Consent Agreements. Description: An Act To Amend the Protection from Abuse Laws Concerning Consent Agreements
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 12: Licensure of Manufacturers and Wholesalers, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation, Maine Board of Pharmacy. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 12: Licensure of Manufacturers and Wholesalers, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation, Maine Board of Pharmacy
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Subminimum Wage. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Subminimum Wage
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Naming of Bridges and Designating Bridge 5818 as the Specialist Wade A. Slack Memorial Bridge. Description: An Act Regarding the Naming of Bridges and Designating Bridge 5818 as the Specialist Wade A. Slack Memorial Bridge
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Name Bridge 3880 in the Town of Dresden the Veterans Memorial Bridge. Description: Resolve, To Name Bridge 3880 in the Town of Dresden the Veterans Memorial Bridge
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Commission To Study the Use of Adjunct Professors in Maine Community College System. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Commission To Study the Use of Adjunct Professors in Maine Community College System
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Repeal and Replace the Canton Water District Charter. Description: An Act To Repeal and Replace the Canton Water District Charter
In 2020, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Utility-related Fees. Description: An Act Regarding Utility-related Fees
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Menhaden Fishing License. Description: An Act To Create a Menhaden Fishing License
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Noncommercial Lobster and Crab Fishing Licenses and Scallop Licenses to Disabled Veterans at No Cost. Description: An Act To Provide Noncommercial Lobster and Crab Fishing Licenses and Scallop Licenses to Disabled Veterans at No Cost
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Recommendations of the Federal Traumatic Brain Injury State Partnership Program Concerning the Membership of the Acquired Brain Injury Advisory Council. Description: An Act Regarding the Recommendations of the Federal Traumatic Brain Injury State Partnership Program Concerning the Membership of the Acquired Brain Injury Advisory Council
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Dual Liquor Licenses. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Dual Liquor Licenses
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Rename the Sibley Pond Bridge the William Harris Memorial Bridge. Description: Resolve, To Rename the Sibley Pond Bridge the William Harris Memorial Bridge
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect the Products of Maine Farmers. Description: An Act To Protect the Products of Maine Farmers
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Changes to the So-called Dig Safe Law. Description: An Act To Make Changes to the So-called Dig Safe Law
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Crossbow-related Hunting Laws. Description: An Act To Clarify Crossbow-related Hunting Laws
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Composition of the Shellfish Advisory Council. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Composition of the Shellfish Advisory Council
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish First Responders Day on September 11th. Description: An Act To Establish First Responders Day on September 11th
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Support Emergency Shelter Access for Persons Experiencing Homelessness in Maine. Description: An Act To Support Emergency Shelter Access for Persons Experiencing Homelessness in Maine
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Regarding the Reserve Funds of Certain School Organizational Structures. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Regarding the Reserve Funds of Certain School Organizational Structures
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Maine's Fish and Wildlife Licensing and Registration Laws. Description: An Act To Amend Maine's Fish and Wildlife Licensing and Registration Laws
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify and Enhance Maine's Fish and Wildlife Laws. Description: An Act To Clarify and Enhance Maine's Fish and Wildlife Laws
In 2020, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Define as a Hazardous Substance under Maine Law Any Substance Defined under Federal Law as a Hazardous Substance, Pollutant or Contaminant. Description: An Act To Define as a Hazardous Substance under Maine Law Any Substance Defined under Federal Law as a Hazardous Substance, Pollutant or Contaminant
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Establishing the Commission To Study Fair, Equitable and Competitive Tax Policy for Maine's Working Families and Small Businesses. Description: Resolve, Establishing the Commission To Study Fair, Equitable and Competitive Tax Policy for Maine's Working Families and Small Businesses
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Background Investigations for Certain Individuals To Receive Federal Tax Information in Accordance with Federal Standards. Description: An Act To Require Background Investigations for Certain Individuals To Receive Federal Tax Information in Accordance with Federal Standards
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Prior Authorization for Treatment for Opioid Use Disorder under the MaineCare Program. Description: An Act Regarding Prior Authorization for Treatment for Opioid Use Disorder under the MaineCare Program
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Timely Access to Behavioral Health Services for Maine Children and To Address Trauma and the Impacts of the Opioid Crisis. Description: An Act To Provide Timely Access to Behavioral Health Services for Maine Children and To Address Trauma and the Impacts of the Opioid Crisis
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Concerning MaineCare Coverage for Donor Breast Milk. Description: An Act Concerning MaineCare Coverage for Donor Breast Milk
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Water Quality by Requiring Additional Disclosures to Purchasers of Consumer Fireworks Regarding Safe and Proper Use. Description: An Act To Protect Water Quality by Requiring Additional Disclosures to Purchasers of Consumer Fireworks Regarding Safe and Proper Use
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Forest Rangers To Be Trained at the Maine Criminal Justice Academy. Description: An Act To Require Forest Rangers To Be Trained at the Maine Criminal Justice Academy
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit, Except in Emergency Situations, the Performance without Consent of Certain Examinations on Unconscious or Anesthetized Patients. Description: An Act To Prohibit, Except in Emergency Situations, the Performance without Consent of Certain Examinations on Unconscious or Anesthetized Patients
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish a Pilot Project To Provide Support Services for Military Members Transitioning to Civilian Life in Maine. Description: Resolve, To Establish a Pilot Project To Provide Support Services for Military Members Transitioning to Civilian Life in Maine
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Driver's License Suspensions for Nondriving Violations. Description: An Act Regarding Driver's License Suspensions for Nondriving Violations
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Promote Cost-effectiveness in the MaineCare Program and Improve the Oral Health of Maine Adults and Children. Description: An Act To Promote Cost-effectiveness in the MaineCare Program and Improve the Oral Health of Maine Adults and Children
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Women Access to Affordable Postpartum Care. Description: An Act To Provide Women Access to Affordable Postpartum Care
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand Tax Increment Financing To Include Adult Care Facilities and Services and Certain Child Care Facilities. Description: An Act To Expand Tax Increment Financing To Include Adult Care Facilities and Services and Certain Child Care Facilities
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Preserve the Value of Abandoned Properties by Allowing Entry by Mortgagees. Description: An Act To Preserve the Value of Abandoned Properties by Allowing Entry by Mortgagees
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Regarding Parking for Vehicles with Disability Placards and Plates. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Regarding Parking for Vehicles with Disability Placards and Plates
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enact the Made for Maine Health Coverage Act and Improve Health Choices in Maine. Description: An Act To Enact the Made for Maine Health Coverage Act and Improve Health Choices in Maine
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Making Technical Changes to the Maine Tax Laws. Description: An Act Making Technical Changes to the Maine Tax Laws
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Permit the Expansion of Municipal Membership of the Greater Portland Transit District. Description: An Act To Permit the Expansion of Municipal Membership of the Greater Portland Transit District
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Update References Contained in the Maine Revised Statutes to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Description: An Act To Update References Contained in the Maine Revised Statutes to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the State Tax Assessor To Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the State Tax Assessor To Convey the Interest of the State in Certain Real Estate in the Unorganized Territory
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend Arrearage Management Program Requirements for Transmission and Distribution Utilities for One Year. Description: An Act To Extend Arrearage Management Program Requirements for Transmission and Distribution Utilities for One Year
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maine State Grant Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maine State Grant Program
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require That Parking Lots for State Agencies Meet the Standards Set Forth in the Federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. Description: An Act To Require That Parking Lots for State Agencies Meet the Standards Set Forth in the Federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require a Cable System Operator To Provide a Pro Rata Credit When Service Is Cancelled by a Subscriber. Description: An Act To Require a Cable System Operator To Provide a Pro Rata Credit When Service Is Cancelled by a Subscriber
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Financial Burdens on Small Water Utilities. Description: An Act To Reduce Financial Burdens on Small Water Utilities
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Proper Closure of Oil Terminal Facilities. Description: An Act To Ensure Proper Closure of Oil Terminal Facilities
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Modify Teacher Certification Expiration Dates for Teachers Who Use Family Medical Leave. Description: An Act To Modify Teacher Certification Expiration Dates for Teachers Who Use Family Medical Leave
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission To Continue Studying and Recommend Funding Solutions for the State's Transportation Systems. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Blue Ribbon Commission To Continue Studying and Recommend Funding Solutions for the State's Transportation Systems
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide for Judicial Review in Compliance with the Federal Legislation Known as the Family First Prevention Services Act. Description: An Act To Provide for Judicial Review in Compliance with the Federal Legislation Known as the Family First Prevention Services Act
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Eliminate the Requirement That Municipalities Retain Paper Copies of Certain Vital Statistics Records. Description: An Act To Eliminate the Requirement That Municipalities Retain Paper Copies of Certain Vital Statistics Records
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Allow the Department of Public Safety To Transfer Certain Property to the LifeFlight Foundation. Description: Resolve, To Allow the Department of Public Safety To Transfer Certain Property to the LifeFlight Foundation
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Death Benefit for Firefighters, Law Enforcement Officers, Emergency Medical Services Personnel and Corrections Officers. Description: An Act To Increase the Death Benefit for Firefighters, Law Enforcement Officers, Emergency Medical Services Personnel and Corrections Officers
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the State Tax Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the State Tax Laws
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing Certain Land Transactions by the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Bureau of Parks and Lands. Description: Resolve, Authorizing Certain Land Transactions by the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Bureau of Parks and Lands
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure an Efficient Contracting Process for the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: An Act To Ensure an Efficient Contracting Process for the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen Protections for Incapacitated and Dependent Adults from Abuse, Neglect and Exploitation. Description: An Act To Strengthen Protections for Incapacitated and Dependent Adults from Abuse, Neglect and Exploitation
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Provision for Care of Infants after Birth. Description: An Act To Clarify the Provision for Care of Infants after Birth
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Address Decibel Level Limits for Airboats. Description: An Act To Address Decibel Level Limits for Airboats
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize the Maine Pilotage Commission To Establish Alternative Initial License Criteria for Existing Pilots Seeking Endorsements for Low Traffic Volume Routes. Description: An Act To Authorize the Maine Pilotage Commission To Establish Alternative Initial License Criteria for Existing Pilots Seeking Endorsements for Low Traffic Volume Routes
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 15: Death with Dignity Act Reporting Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 15: Death with Dignity Act Reporting Rule, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services, Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 27: Standards for Pesticide Applications and Public Notification in Schools, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Board of Pesticides Control. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 27: Standards for Pesticide Applications and Public Notification in Schools, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Board of Pesticides Control
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 26: Standards for Indoor Pesticide Applications and Notification for All Occupied Buildings Except K-12 Schools, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Board of Pesticides Control. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 26: Standards for Indoor Pesticide Applications and Notification for All Occupied Buildings Except K-12 Schools, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Board of Pesticides Control
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 125: Basic Approval Standards: Public Schools and School Administrative Units, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education and the State Board of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Chapter 125: Basic Approval Standards: Public Schools and School Administrative Units, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education and the State Board of Education
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 132: Learning Results: Parameters for Essential Instruction, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 132: Learning Results: Parameters for Essential Instruction, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 4: Water-based Fire Protection Systems, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Public Safety, Office of the State Fire Marshal. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 4: Water-based Fire Protection Systems, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Public Safety, Office of the State Fire Marshal
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 115: Part II Requirements for Specific Certificates and Endorsements, a Major Substantive Rule of the State Board of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 115: Part II Requirements for Specific Certificates and Endorsements, a Major Substantive Rule of the State Board of Education
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 180: Performance Evaluation and Professional Growth Systems, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 180: Performance Evaluation and Professional Growth Systems, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Education
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 100: Enforcement Procedures, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 100: Enforcement Procedures, a Major Substantive Rule of the Maine Health Data Organization
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Family Law Advisory Commission Concerning Adoption and Minor Guardianship. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Family Law Advisory Commission Concerning Adoption and Minor Guardianship
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 104: Maine State Services Manual, Section 8, Wholesale Prescription Drug Importation Program, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 104: Maine State Services Manual, Section 8, Wholesale Prescription Drug Importation Program, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 311: Portfolio Requirement, a Major Substantive Rule of the Public Utilities Commission. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 311: Portfolio Requirement, a Major Substantive Rule of the Public Utilities Commission
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 28: Notification Provisions for Outdoor Pesticide Applications, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Board of Pesticides Control. Description: Resolve, Regarding Legislative Review of Portions of Chapter 28: Notification Provisions for Outdoor Pesticide Applications, a Major Substantive Rule of the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, Board of Pesticides Control
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Save Lives by Capping the Out-of-pocket Cost of Certain Medications. Description: An Act To Save Lives by Capping the Out-of-pocket Cost of Certain Medications
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Remove Nighttime Restrictions on Lobster Fishing in a Certain Area in the Bay of Fundy. Description: An Act To Remove Nighttime Restrictions on Lobster Fishing in a Certain Area in the Bay of Fundy
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Regarding Public Records Exceptions. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Right To Know Advisory Committee Regarding Public Records Exceptions
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Consumers from Surprise Emergency Medical Bills. Description: An Act To Protect Consumers from Surprise Emergency Medical Bills
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Making Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, General Fund and Other Funds and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2021. Description: An Act Making Supplemental Appropriations and Allocations for the Expenditures of State Government, General Fund and Other Funds and Changing Certain Provisions of the Law Necessary to the Proper Operations of State Government for the Fiscal Years Ending June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2021
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue for Infrastructure To Improve Transportation and Internet Connections. Description: An Act To Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue for Infrastructure To Improve Transportation and Internet Connections
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Department of Environmental Protection Regarding the State's Plastic Bag Reduction Law. Description: An Act To Implement the Recommendations of the Department of Environmental Protection Regarding the State's Plastic Bag Reduction Law
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services To Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2020-21. Description: An Act To Establish Municipal Cost Components for Unorganized Territory Services To Be Rendered in Fiscal Year 2020-21
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Address Funding Needs Related to COVID-19. Description: An Act To Address Funding Needs Related to COVID-19
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Health Care Coverage for Maine Families. Description: An Act To Protect Health Care Coverage for Maine Families
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Local Referendum Ballots. Description: An Act To Clarify Local Referendum Ballots
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Limit the Influence of Lobbyists by Expanding the Prohibition on Accepting Political Contributions. Description: An Act To Limit the Influence of Lobbyists by Expanding the Prohibition on Accepting Political Contributions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Access to Justice for Victims of Sexual Assault. Description: An Act To Ensure Access to Justice for Victims of Sexual Assault
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Record Keeping of Utilities and the Public Utilities Commission. Description: An Act To Improve the Record Keeping of Utilities and the Public Utilities Commission
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Support the Trades through a Tax Credit for Apprenticeship Programs. Description: An Act To Support the Trades through a Tax Credit for Apprenticeship Programs
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Reinstate the Income Tax Deduction for Contributions to College Savings Accounts. Description: An Act To Reinstate the Income Tax Deduction for Contributions to College Savings Accounts
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide an Income Tax Exemption for Military Pay without Regard to Where the Military Service Was Performed. Description: An Act To Provide an Income Tax Exemption for Military Pay without Regard to Where the Military Service Was Performed
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide an Income Tax Deduction for Certain Student Loan Payments Made Directly to a Lender on Behalf of a Taxpayer. Description: An Act To Provide an Income Tax Deduction for Certain Student Loan Payments Made Directly to a Lender on Behalf of a Taxpayer
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Earned Pay. Description: An Act To Protect Earned Pay
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen the Integrity of the Legislature. Description: An Act To Strengthen the Integrity of the Legislature
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure the Integrity of For-profit Colleges and Universities. Description: An Act To Ensure the Integrity of For-profit Colleges and Universities
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Replace the Earned Income Tax Credit with the Maine Work Credit. Description: An Act To Replace the Earned Income Tax Credit with the Maine Work Credit
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Attendance at Public Elementary Schools. Description: An Act To Improve Attendance at Public Elementary Schools
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Align State Law with Current Practice Regarding Required School Attendance. Description: An Act To Align State Law with Current Practice Regarding Required School Attendance
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit the Possession and Use of Electronic Smoking Devices on School Grounds. Description: An Act To Prohibit the Possession and Use of Electronic Smoking Devices on School Grounds
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen Testing for Lead in School Drinking Water. Description: An Act To Strengthen Testing for Lead in School Drinking Water
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Law Governing MaineCare Coverage of Chiropractic Treatment. Description: An Act To Amend the Law Governing MaineCare Coverage of Chiropractic Treatment
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Beano. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Beano
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Equity in the State Income Tax Deduction for Certain Public Employees Retirement System Pensions. Description: An Act To Provide Equity in the State Income Tax Deduction for Certain Public Employees Retirement System Pensions
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Property Taxes for Maine Residents. Description: An Act To Reduce Property Taxes for Maine Residents
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit the Use of Handheld Phones and Devices While Driving. Description: An Act To Prohibit the Use of Handheld Phones and Devices While Driving
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Schoolchildren by Providing Additional Enforcement and Prevention Options for Unlawful Passing of a School Bus. Description: An Act To Protect Schoolchildren by Providing Additional Enforcement and Prevention Options for Unlawful Passing of a School Bus
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Multiple-party Accounts with Financial Institutions. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Multiple-party Accounts with Financial Institutions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Rename the Stinson Bridge the Woodsome Bridge. Description: Resolve, To Rename the Stinson Bridge the Woodsome Bridge
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Secure the Future of the Frances Perkins Homestead. Description: An Act To Secure the Future of the Frances Perkins Homestead
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Amount of Time School Counselors and Social Workers Spend Providing Students Direct and Indirect Counseling. Description: An Act To Increase the Amount of Time School Counselors and Social Workers Spend Providing Students Direct and Indirect Counseling
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Handling Fee for Beverage Containers Reimbursed to Redemption Centers. Description: An Act To Increase the Handling Fee for Beverage Containers Reimbursed to Redemption Centers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Protection of Patients in Medical Reviews by Health Insurance Carriers. Description: An Act To Ensure Protection of Patients in Medical Reviews by Health Insurance Carriers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Condominium Act by Extending the Lien Period for Nonpayment of Assessments. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Condominium Act by Extending the Lien Period for Nonpayment of Assessments
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Requirements for High-hand Competitions in Games of Chance Tournament Games. Description: An Act To Clarify the Requirements for High-hand Competitions in Games of Chance Tournament Games
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Liquor Label Approval and Registration Requirements. Description: An Act To Clarify Liquor Label Approval and Registration Requirements
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Responsible Operation of Political Action Committees. Description: An Act To Ensure Responsible Operation of Political Action Committees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Help Ensure That the Legislature Has the Information Necessary To Do the Work of the People of Maine. Description: An Act To Help Ensure That the Legislature Has the Information Necessary To Do the Work of the People of Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Permit Disability Insurance To Be Offered through the Surplus Lines Market. Description: An Act To Permit Disability Insurance To Be Offered through the Surplus Lines Market
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Liability for Taking a Blood Sample from an Operator of a Motor Vehicle Involved in a Fatal Crash. Description: An Act Regarding Liability for Taking a Blood Sample from an Operator of a Motor Vehicle Involved in a Fatal Crash
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Opportunities for Hunters, Anglers and Sporting Camps by Extending the Seasons on Upland Game. Description: An Act To Increase Opportunities for Hunters, Anglers and Sporting Camps by Extending the Seasons on Upland Game
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Sale of Ethanol-free Gasoline Statewide. Description: An Act To Allow the Sale of Ethanol-free Gasoline Statewide
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ban Telephone Solicitations Using an Artificial or Prerecorded Voice and Enhance Caller Identification. Description: An Act To Ban Telephone Solicitations Using an Artificial or Prerecorded Voice and Enhance Caller Identification
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Pay Equality. Description: An Act Regarding Pay Equality
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Raise Juror Pay to $50 per Day. Description: An Act To Raise Juror Pay to $50 per Day
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Address Student Hunger with a "Breakfast after the Bell" Program. Description: An Act To Address Student Hunger with a "Breakfast after the Bell" Program
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Require the Department of Health and Human Services To Submit a State Plan Amendment To Exempt Retirement and Educational Assets from Calculations for Medicaid Eligibility. Description: Resolve, To Require the Department of Health and Human Services To Submit a State Plan Amendment To Exempt Retirement and Educational Assets from Calculations for Medicaid Eligibility
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Right To Practice Complementary and Alternative Health Care Act. Description: An Act To Establish the Right To Practice Complementary and Alternative Health Care Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Flexible Business Hours for Certain Agency Liquor Stores. Description: An Act To Allow Flexible Business Hours for Certain Agency Liquor Stores
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Redefine Geographic Association for Multiple-employer Welfare Arrangements. Description: An Act To Redefine Geographic Association for Multiple-employer Welfare Arrangements
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Authorizing Earned Employee Leave. Description: An Act Authorizing Earned Employee Leave
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for the 2019 and 2020 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds. Description: An Act To Provide for the 2019 and 2020 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Commissioner of Health and Human Services To Convene a Task Force To Study the Need for Long-term Acute Care Beds. Description: Resolve, Directing the Commissioner of Health and Human Services To Convene a Task Force To Study the Need for Long-term Acute Care Beds
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Continue the Doctors for Maine's Future Scholarship Program. Description: An Act To Continue the Doctors for Maine's Future Scholarship Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Childhood Exposure to Harmful Ultraviolet Radiation by Allowing Students To Use Sunscreen in Schools. Description: An Act To Reduce Childhood Exposure to Harmful Ultraviolet Radiation by Allowing Students To Use Sunscreen in Schools
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prevent Vitamin K Deficiency Bleeding and Eye Damage in Infants. Description: An Act To Prevent Vitamin K Deficiency Bleeding and Eye Damage in Infants
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Appropriate Funds to the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Maintain Snowmobile Trails. Description: An Act To Appropriate Funds to the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To Maintain Snowmobile Trails
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase Funding for the St. Croix International Waterway Commission. Description: An Act To Increase Funding for the St. Croix International Waterway Commission
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Encourage the Purchase of Local Produce for Public Schools. Description: An Act To Encourage the Purchase of Local Produce for Public Schools
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen the Qualifications for County Sheriffs. Description: An Act To Strengthen the Qualifications for County Sheriffs
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Motorists To Yield to Transit Buses. Description: An Act To Require Motorists To Yield to Transit Buses
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Presumptive Eligibility and Homelessness under the General Assistance Laws. Description: An Act Regarding Presumptive Eligibility and Homelessness under the General Assistance Laws
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish a Medically Tailored Food Pilot Project. Description: Resolve, To Establish a Medically Tailored Food Pilot Project
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning Caller Access to E-9-1-1 Call Recordings. Description: An Act Concerning Caller Access to E-9-1-1 Call Recordings
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Relief to Federal Employees Affected by a Federal Shutdown. Description: An Act To Provide Relief to Federal Employees Affected by a Federal Shutdown
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Actions of the Owner or Keeper of a Dog That Assaults a Person and Causes an Injury That Requires Medical Attention. Description: An Act Regarding Actions of the Owner or Keeper of a Dog That Assaults a Person and Causes an Injury That Requires Medical Attention
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Give the Commissioner of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife the Authority To Extend Any Trapping Season Based on Weather Conditions or Other Factors. Description: An Act To Give the Commissioner of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife the Authority To Extend Any Trapping Season Based on Weather Conditions or Other Factors
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend from 6 Months to One Year the Notice Period Required under the Maine Tort Claims Act. Description: An Act To Extend from 6 Months to One Year the Notice Period Required under the Maine Tort Claims Act
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Lung Cancer Counseling and Screening for MaineCare Recipients. Description: An Act To Provide Lung Cancer Counseling and Screening for MaineCare Recipients
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Family Planning Statutes. Description: An Act To Update the Family Planning Statutes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Extend the Availability of Protection from Abuse and Protection from Harassment Orders. Description: An Act To Extend the Availability of Protection from Abuse and Protection from Harassment Orders
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Providing of Human Food Waste to Swine Producers. Description: An Act Regarding the Providing of Human Food Waste to Swine Producers
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding Reimbursement of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Codes under MaineCare. Description: Resolve, Regarding Reimbursement of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Codes under MaineCare
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Collect Data Regarding How Payment Is Made for Collection of Signatures for Direct Initiatives and People's Veto Referendums. Description: An Act To Collect Data Regarding How Payment Is Made for Collection of Signatures for Direct Initiatives and People's Veto Referendums
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ban Child Marriage. Description: An Act To Ban Child Marriage
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance Highway Safety by Strengthening the So-called Move Over Law. Description: An Act To Enhance Highway Safety by Strengthening the So-called Move Over Law
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Charging a Person under 18 Years of Age with the Crime of Engaging in Prostitution. Description: An Act Regarding Charging a Person under 18 Years of Age with the Crime of Engaging in Prostitution
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Definition of "Subdivision" in the Laws Governing Planning and Land Use Regulation for Subdivisions and a Provision Excepting the Division of a New or Existing Structure from Those Laws Beginning July 1, 2018. Description: An Act To Amend the Definition of "Subdivision" in the Laws Governing Planning and Land Use Regulation for Subdivisions and a Provision Excepting the Division of a New or Existing Structure from Those Laws Beginning July 1, 2018
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Colorectal Cancer Incidence and Mortality by Updating Screening Coverage. Description: An Act To Reduce Colorectal Cancer Incidence and Mortality by Updating Screening Coverage
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Stabilize the Behavioral Health Workforce and Avert More Expensive Treatments. Description: Resolve, To Stabilize the Behavioral Health Workforce and Avert More Expensive Treatments
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Unlawful Cutting of Trees. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Unlawful Cutting of Trees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Funding for Landfill Closure Costs. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Funding for Landfill Closure Costs
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Equitable Taxation for the Food and Beverage Industry. Description: An Act To Provide Equitable Taxation for the Food and Beverage Industry
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Work Group To Study the Use of Body Cameras by Law Enforcement Officers. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Work Group To Study the Use of Body Cameras by Law Enforcement Officers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Kindergarten Readiness for Children Who Are Deaf and Hard of Hearing. Description: An Act Regarding Kindergarten Readiness for Children Who Are Deaf and Hard of Hearing
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Temporary Signs That Are Placed in the Public Right-of-way. Description: An Act Regarding Temporary Signs That Are Placed in the Public Right-of-way
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Town of Madison's Department of Electric Works. Description: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Town of Madison's Department of Electric Works
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Municipalities and School Districts To Provide Notice of Breaches in Personal Data Security. Description: An Act To Require Municipalities and School Districts To Provide Notice of Breaches in Personal Data Security
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Maine Courts To Award Attorney's Fees and Costs to Citizens Who Prevail in Civil Litigation against the Executive Branch. Description: An Act To Authorize Maine Courts To Award Attorney's Fees and Costs to Citizens Who Prevail in Civil Litigation against the Executive Branch
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Provide for Outreach Programs To Assist Women at Risk of Giving Birth to Substance-exposed Infants. Description: Resolve, To Provide for Outreach Programs To Assist Women at Risk of Giving Birth to Substance-exposed Infants
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Modernize the National School Lunch Program and the School Breakfast Program. Description: An Act To Modernize the National School Lunch Program and the School Breakfast Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Process for Obtaining Prior Authorization for Health Insurance Purposes. Description: An Act Regarding the Process for Obtaining Prior Authorization for Health Insurance Purposes
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Reduce the Incidence of Obesity and Chronic Disease in the State. Description: An Act To Reduce the Incidence of Obesity and Chronic Disease in the State
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Transfer of a Moose Hunting Permit to a Disabled Veteran. Description: An Act To Allow the Transfer of a Moose Hunting Permit to a Disabled Veteran
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Definition of "Strangulation" in the Aggravated Assault Laws. Description: An Act To Improve the Definition of "Strangulation" in the Aggravated Assault Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Change Municipal Campaign Contribution Limits. Description: An Act To Change Municipal Campaign Contribution Limits
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce Hunger and Promote Maine Agriculture. Description: An Act To Reduce Hunger and Promote Maine Agriculture
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Accountability of Opioid Manufacturers. Description: An Act To Improve Accountability of Opioid Manufacturers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Laws Governing Taste Testing and Retail Sales of Liquor at Farmers' Markets and To Allow Retail Sales at Other Taste-testing Events. Description: An Act To Clarify the Laws Governing Taste Testing and Retail Sales of Liquor at Farmers' Markets and To Allow Retail Sales at Other Taste-testing Events
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Duties of the Public Advocate. Description: An Act Regarding the Duties of the Public Advocate
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Additional Flexibility in the Municipal Property Tax Assistance Programs for Seniors. Description: An Act To Provide Additional Flexibility in the Municipal Property Tax Assistance Programs for Seniors
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Advance the Restoration of the Penobscot River. Description: An Act To Advance the Restoration of the Penobscot River
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require the Examination of Alternatives to the Service Provider Tax. Description: Resolve, To Require the Examination of Alternatives to the Service Provider Tax
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expressly Allow Nonprofit Corporations To Conduct Electronic Voting. Description: An Act To Expressly Allow Nonprofit Corporations To Conduct Electronic Voting
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for Support for New Educators. Description: An Act To Provide for Support for New Educators
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Wood Energy Investment Program. Description: An Act To Establish the Wood Energy Investment Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws on Gross Sexual Assault, Unlawful Sexual Contact and Unlawful Sexual Touching To Include Counseling Professionals. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws on Gross Sexual Assault, Unlawful Sexual Contact and Unlawful Sexual Touching To Include Counseling Professionals
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Adequate Reimbursement under MaineCare for Ambulance and Neonatal Transport Services. Description: An Act To Provide Adequate Reimbursement under MaineCare for Ambulance and Neonatal Transport Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Increasing Municipal Agent Fees for Motor Vehicle Registrations. Description: An Act Increasing Municipal Agent Fees for Motor Vehicle Registrations
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect the Privacy of Online Customer Information. Description: An Act To Protect the Privacy of Online Customer Information
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Improve Maine's Tax Laws by Providing a Property Tax Exemption for Central Labor Councils. Description: An Act To Improve Maine's Tax Laws by Providing a Property Tax Exemption for Central Labor Councils
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require the Approval by the Public Utilities Commission of a Proposal for a Long-term Contract for Deep-water Offshore Wind Energy. Description: Resolve, To Require the Approval by the Public Utilities Commission of a Proposal for a Long-term Contract for Deep-water Offshore Wind Energy
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish a Student Loan Bill of Rights To License and Regulate Student Loan Servicers. Description: An Act To Establish a Student Loan Bill of Rights To License and Regulate Student Loan Servicers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Social and Emotional Learning and Development for Young Children. Description: An Act To Promote Social and Emotional Learning and Development for Young Children
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Requiring the Collection of Data on the Marriage of Minors. Description: Resolve, Requiring the Collection of Data on the Marriage of Minors
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Filing Requirements for Proposed Rules. Description: An Act To Clarify Filing Requirements for Proposed Rules
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Stable Funding and Support for Child Care Providers. Description: An Act To Provide Stable Funding and Support for Child Care Providers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Disqualification from Unemployment Benefits of a Person Who Is Terminated from Employment for Being Under the Influence of Marijuana. Description: An Act To Clarify the Disqualification from Unemployment Benefits of a Person Who Is Terminated from Employment for Being Under the Influence of Marijuana
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Attract and Retain Firefighters. Description: An Act To Attract and Retain Firefighters
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Maine Craft Distillers. Description: An Act To Support Maine Craft Distillers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require the Construction of a New District Headquarters Building for the Bureau of Forestry in Fort Kent. Description: Resolve, To Require the Construction of a New District Headquarters Building for the Bureau of Forestry in Fort Kent
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Labor To Develop a Framework for Encouraging Employers To Identify Safer Alternatives to Hazardous Chemicals. Description: Resolve, To Direct the Department of Labor To Develop a Framework for Encouraging Employers To Identify Safer Alternatives to Hazardous Chemicals
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Maximum Pension Deduction for State Income Tax. Description: An Act To Increase the Maximum Pension Deduction for State Income Tax
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish as a Class C Crime Criminal Conduct in Retaliation against a Witness, Informant, Victim or Juror. Description: An Act To Establish as a Class C Crime Criminal Conduct in Retaliation against a Witness, Informant, Victim or Juror
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Destigmatize Mental Illness through Health Instruction That Emphasizes the Relationship between Physical and Mental Health in Schools. Description: An Act To Destigmatize Mental Illness through Health Instruction That Emphasizes the Relationship between Physical and Mental Health in Schools
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Consideration of Naloxone Purchases in Life Insurance Underwriting. Description: An Act To Prohibit Consideration of Naloxone Purchases in Life Insurance Underwriting
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Sale of Cats and Dogs with Health Problems. Description: An Act Regarding the Sale of Cats and Dogs with Health Problems
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Require Education about African-American History and the History of Genocide. Description: An Act To Require Education about African-American History and the History of Genocide
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Smoking in Vehicles When a Minor Is Present. Description: An Act Regarding Smoking in Vehicles When a Minor Is Present
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement Ranked-choice Voting for Presidential Primary and General Elections in Maine. Description: An Act To Implement Ranked-choice Voting for Presidential Primary and General Elections in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ban Discretionary Clauses in Disability Income Insurance Policies. Description: An Act To Ban Discretionary Clauses in Disability Income Insurance Policies
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Criminal Animal Welfare Laws. Description: An Act To Update the Criminal Animal Welfare Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Critical Incident Stress Management Teams. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Critical Incident Stress Management Teams
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Funding for the Child Welfare Services Ombudsman Program. Description: An Act To Increase Funding for the Child Welfare Services Ombudsman Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Tenants from Sexual Harassment. Description: An Act To Protect Tenants from Sexual Harassment
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Contents of the Complete Agency Record in the Appeal of an Agency's Failure or Refusal To Act. Description: An Act To Clarify the Contents of the Complete Agency Record in the Appeal of an Agency's Failure or Refusal To Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen the Lead Poisoning Control Act. Description: An Act To Strengthen the Lead Poisoning Control Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Acknowledge Potable Water as a Necessity. Description: An Act To Acknowledge Potable Water as a Necessity
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand Tax Increment Financing. Description: An Act To Expand Tax Increment Financing
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Require Reimbursement for Bed-hold Days in Adult Family Care Homes. Description: Resolve, To Require Reimbursement for Bed-hold Days in Adult Family Care Homes
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Classify Employee Health Insurance as a Fixed Cost for MaineCare Reimbursement in Nursing Homes. Description: Resolve, To Classify Employee Health Insurance as a Fixed Cost for MaineCare Reimbursement in Nursing Homes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Statutes Related to Establishing a Municipal Charter Commission. Description: An Act To Clarify Statutes Related to Establishing a Municipal Charter Commission
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Further Expand Drug Price Transparency. Description: An Act To Further Expand Drug Price Transparency
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Educational Opportunity Tax Credit. Description: An Act To Improve the Educational Opportunity Tax Credit
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Ready Access to Defibrillators in Businesses and Pharmacies. Description: An Act To Provide Ready Access to Defibrillators in Businesses and Pharmacies
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Prevent Sexual and Domestic Violence and To Support Survivors. Description: An Act To Prevent Sexual and Domestic Violence and To Support Survivors
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Direct Sale of Electricity. Description: An Act To Allow the Direct Sale of Electricity
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit the Furnishing of Tobacco Products to Minors. Description: An Act To Prohibit the Furnishing of Tobacco Products to Minors
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Municipal Access to Utility Poles Located in Municipal Rights-of-way. Description: An Act To Establish Municipal Access to Utility Poles Located in Municipal Rights-of-way
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Increase Property Tax Relief for Veterans. Description: An Act To Increase Property Tax Relief for Veterans
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Law Prohibiting the Denial by Health Insurers of Referrals by Out-of-network Providers. Description: An Act To Amend the Law Prohibiting the Denial by Health Insurers of Referrals by Out-of-network Providers
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Seed Capital Tax Credit Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Seed Capital Tax Credit Program
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Conduct a Comprehensive Study of the Compensation System for State Employees. Description: Resolve, To Conduct a Comprehensive Study of the Compensation System for State Employees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Community Schools. Description: An Act To Support Community Schools
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Oversight of the Family Development Account Program. Description: An Act To Clarify the Oversight of the Family Development Account Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Funds from the Federal E-Rate Program To Be Applied to Maine Preschool Programs. Description: An Act To Allow Funds from the Federal E-Rate Program To Be Applied to Maine Preschool Programs
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Telehealth. Description: An Act Regarding Telehealth
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create Transportation Corridor Districts for the Purpose of Funding Transportation and Transit Services. Description: An Act To Create Transportation Corridor Districts for the Purpose of Funding Transportation and Transit Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update and Clarify the Laws Governing Raffles. Description: An Act To Update and Clarify the Laws Governing Raffles
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Laws Governing Child Safety Seats and Seat Belts. Description: An Act To Update the Laws Governing Child Safety Seats and Seat Belts
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Access to Low-cost Prescription Drugs. Description: An Act To Increase Access to Low-cost Prescription Drugs
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Funding for Certain Essential Functions of the University of Maine Cooperative Extension Pesticide Safety Education Program. Description: An Act To Ensure Funding for Certain Essential Functions of the University of Maine Cooperative Extension Pesticide Safety Education Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enact the Health Insurance Consumer Assistance Program. Description: An Act To Enact the Health Insurance Consumer Assistance Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Support Access to Health Services for Homeless Youth in Maine. Description: An Act To Support Access to Health Services for Homeless Youth in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require the Director of the Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention To Be Credentialed. Description: An Act To Require the Director of the Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention To Be Credentialed
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Examine Issues Relating to Bullying in Schools. Description: Resolve, To Examine Issues Relating to Bullying in Schools
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Snowmobiling in Maine. Description: An Act To Promote Snowmobiling in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Sale of Dogs and Cats at Pet Shops. Description: An Act Regarding the Sale of Dogs and Cats at Pet Shops
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Establish the Committee To Study the Feasibility of Creating Basic Income Security. Description: Resolve, To Establish the Committee To Study the Feasibility of Creating Basic Income Security
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require Residential Mortgage Loan Servicers To Act in Good Faith in Dealings with Homeowners. Description: An Act To Require Residential Mortgage Loan Servicers To Act in Good Faith in Dealings with Homeowners
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Improve Rural Health Care. Description: An Act To Improve Rural Health Care
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for Consistency Regarding Persons Authorized To Conduct Examinations for Involuntary Hospitalization and Guardianship. Description: An Act To Provide for Consistency Regarding Persons Authorized To Conduct Examinations for Involuntary Hospitalization and Guardianship
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Transparency in Primary Health Care Spending. Description: An Act To Establish Transparency in Primary Health Care Spending
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Expand the 1998 Special Retirement Plan To Include Civilian Employees Who Work for the Department of Public Safety Crime Lab and Computer Crimes Unit. Description: An Act To Expand the 1998 Special Retirement Plan To Include Civilian Employees Who Work for the Department of Public Safety Crime Lab and Computer Crimes Unit
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Address Dangerous Behavior in the Classroom. Description: An Act To Address Dangerous Behavior in the Classroom
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Nondiscriminatory Treatment of Public, Educational and Governmental Access Channels by Cable System Operators. Description: An Act To Ensure Nondiscriminatory Treatment of Public, Educational and Governmental Access Channels by Cable System Operators
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Determination of the Prevailing Wage Rate for Public Works Projects. Description: An Act Regarding the Determination of the Prevailing Wage Rate for Public Works Projects
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow Law Enforcement Officers To Wear Insignia on Their Uniforms To Indicate That They Are Veterans. Description: An Act To Allow Law Enforcement Officers To Wear Insignia on Their Uniforms To Indicate That They Are Veterans
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Expand Application of the Maine Agricultural Marketing and Bargaining Act of 1973 to Harvesters and Haulers of Forest Products. Description: An Act To Expand Application of the Maine Agricultural Marketing and Bargaining Act of 1973 to Harvesters and Haulers of Forest Products
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Support Early Intervention and Treatment of Mental Health Disorders. Description: An Act To Support Early Intervention and Treatment of Mental Health Disorders
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Rumford-Mexico Sewerage District. Description: An Act To Amend the Charter of the Rumford-Mexico Sewerage District
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Name the Route 7 Bridge in Corinna in Honor of PFC Paul Earl Sudsbury. Description: Resolve, To Name the Route 7 Bridge in Corinna in Honor of PFC Paul Earl Sudsbury
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reform Maine's Renewable Portfolio Standard. Description: An Act To Reform Maine's Renewable Portfolio Standard
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Regarding the Revision of Title 28-A of the Maine Revised Statutes. Description: Resolve, Regarding the Revision of Title 28-A of the Maine Revised Statutes
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Equity for Commercial Vehicles on Roads and Bridges in Maine. Description: An Act To Provide Equity for Commercial Vehicles on Roads and Bridges in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Maine Prescription Drug Affordability Board. Description: An Act To Establish the Maine Prescription Drug Affordability Board
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect Consumers from Unfair Practices Related to Pharmacy Benefits Management. Description: An Act To Protect Consumers from Unfair Practices Related to Pharmacy Benefits Management
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Concerning the Establishment of Benefit Corporations. Description: An Act Concerning the Establishment of Benefit Corporations
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Create and Sustain Jobs and Encourage Affordable Housing through Development of Cooperatives and Employee-owned Businesses. Description: An Act To Create and Sustain Jobs and Encourage Affordable Housing through Development of Cooperatives and Employee-owned Businesses
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure the Quality of and Increase Access to Recovery Residences. Description: An Act To Ensure the Quality of and Increase Access to Recovery Residences
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prevent Wage Theft and Promote Employer Accountability. Description: An Act To Prevent Wage Theft and Promote Employer Accountability
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Availability of Foster Homes. Description: An Act To Increase the Availability of Foster Homes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Regarding Motor Vehicle Fees. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Regarding Motor Vehicle Fees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Uniform Building and Energy Code
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enact the Maine Revised Unclaimed Property Act. Description: An Act To Enact the Maine Revised Unclaimed Property Act
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Collection of Samples for Testing of Adult Use Marijuana and Adult Use Marijuana Products. Description: An Act Regarding the Collection of Samples for Testing of Adult Use Marijuana and Adult Use Marijuana Products
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Protect State Employees When Their Contracts Have Expired. Description: An Act To Protect State Employees When Their Contracts Have Expired
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Promote Quality and Transparency in the Provision of Services by Assisted Housing Programs That Provide Memory Care. Description: Resolve, To Promote Quality and Transparency in the Provision of Services by Assisted Housing Programs That Provide Memory Care
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Supplement for Certain National Board for Professional Teaching Standards Certified Teachers in Maine. Description: An Act To Increase the Supplement for Certain National Board for Professional Teaching Standards Certified Teachers in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Victims' Compensation Fund for Victims of Property Crimes. Description: An Act To Create a Victims' Compensation Fund for Victims of Property Crimes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Directing That the Towns Constituting Hospital Administrative District No. 4 Hold a Vote on the Proposed Merger with Northern Light Health. Description: An Act Directing That the Towns Constituting Hospital Administrative District No. 4 Hold a Vote on the Proposed Merger with Northern Light Health
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Highway Maintenance Safety. Description: An Act To Improve Highway Maintenance Safety
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Filing Fees in Transmission Line Proceedings. Description: An Act Regarding Filing Fees in Transmission Line Proceedings
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Adjust the Staffing and Resources of the Office of the Public Advocate. Description: An Act To Adjust the Staffing and Resources of the Office of the Public Advocate
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Determine Compliance with Federal and State Mental Health Parity Laws. Description: Resolve, To Determine Compliance with Federal and State Mental Health Parity Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Require the Public Utilities Commission To Permit the Public Advocate To Access Certain Information Related to a Management Audit. Description: An Act To Require the Public Utilities Commission To Permit the Public Advocate To Access Certain Information Related to a Management Audit
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Utility Reorganizations. Description: An Act Regarding Utility Reorganizations
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Encourage the Development of Broadband Coverage in Rural Maine. Description: An Act To Encourage the Development of Broadband Coverage in Rural Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Project Labor Agreements for Public Works Projects. Description: An Act To Authorize Project Labor Agreements for Public Works Projects
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Determine Ways To Increase the Number of Recipients under the Tuition Waiver Program for Participants in Foster Care. Description: Resolve, To Determine Ways To Increase the Number of Recipients under the Tuition Waiver Program for Participants in Foster Care
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Change the Deadline for Submission of the Annual Report of the Public Advocate. Description: An Act To Change the Deadline for Submission of the Annual Report of the Public Advocate
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the City of Augusta To Adjust the Definition of "Original Assessed Value" for the City of Augusta's Performance Food Group Municipal Tax Increment Financing District and To Validate the Assessment, Commitment and Collection of Property Taxes Dedicated for the District for the Fiscal Years 2018-19 and 2019-20. Description: An Act To Allow the City of Augusta To Adjust the Definition of "Original Assessed Value" for the City of Augusta's Performance Food Group Municipal Tax Increment Financing District and To Validate the Assessment, Commitment and Collection of Property Taxes Dedicated for the District for the Fiscal Years 2018-19 and 2019-20
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Major Food Processing and Manufacturing Facility Expansion and To Create Jobs in Maine. Description: An Act To Promote Major Food Processing and Manufacturing Facility Expansion and To Create Jobs in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Establishing the Working Group on Mental Health. Description: Resolve, Establishing the Working Group on Mental Health
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Coordinate a Plan To Expand Cellular Telephone Service. Description: Resolve, To Coordinate a Plan To Expand Cellular Telephone Service
In 2020, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Funding for Career and Technical Education Programs. Description: An Act To Increase Funding for Career and Technical Education Programs
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Exempt Trailers Sold to Out-of-state Entities from Sales and Use Tax. Description: An Act To Exempt Trailers Sold to Out-of-state Entities from Sales and Use Tax
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Licenses for the Sale of Liquor for On-premises Consumption. Description: An Act Regarding Licenses for the Sale of Liquor for On-premises Consumption
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Exclude Collectively Bargained Salary and Job Promotion Increases from the Earnable Compensation Limitation for Retirement Purposes. Description: An Act To Exclude Collectively Bargained Salary and Job Promotion Increases from the Earnable Compensation Limitation for Retirement Purposes
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement a Presidential Primary System in Maine. Description: An Act To Implement a Presidential Primary System in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Improve Access to Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment Services for Children from Birth to 8 Years of Age. Description: Resolve, To Improve Access to Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment Services for Children from Birth to 8 Years of Age
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prevent Medicaid Payment from a Savings Account Established under the Federal ABLE Act of 2014. Description: An Act To Prevent Medicaid Payment from a Savings Account Established under the Federal ABLE Act of 2014
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for Gubernatorial Appointments to the Maine Charter School Commission. Description: An Act To Provide for Gubernatorial Appointments to the Maine Charter School Commission
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Exempt Auctioneers from Certain Record-keeping Requirements. Description: An Act To Exempt Auctioneers from Certain Record-keeping Requirements
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Examine Issues Relating to the School Transportation Workforce. Description: Resolve, To Examine Issues Relating to the School Transportation Workforce
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Definition of "Public Works". Description: An Act To Clarify the Definition of "Public Works"
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve Access to Physician Assistant Care. Description: An Act To Improve Access to Physician Assistant Care
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Create the Drug Donation and Redispensing Program. Description: An Act To Create the Drug Donation and Redispensing Program
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Save Lives by Establishing the Low Barrier Opioid Treatment Response Pilot Project within the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: Resolve, To Save Lives by Establishing the Low Barrier Opioid Treatment Response Pilot Project within the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Ranked-choice Voting Laws. Description: An Act To Clarify Ranked-choice Voting Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Place Funds for the Retired County and Municipal Law Enforcement Officers and Municipal Firefighters Health Insurance Program into a Trust. Description: An Act To Place Funds for the Retired County and Municipal Law Enforcement Officers and Municipal Firefighters Health Insurance Program into a Trust
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Concerning the Retired County and Municipal Law Enforcement Officers and Municipal Firefighters Health Insurance Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Concerning the Retired County and Municipal Law Enforcement Officers and Municipal Firefighters Health Insurance Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Clean Energy Jobs and To Establish the Maine Climate Council. Description: An Act To Promote Clean Energy Jobs and To Establish the Maine Climate Council
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Common Consumption Area Licenses for the Consumption of Alcoholic Beverages within Designated Entertainment Districts. Description: An Act To Authorize Common Consumption Area Licenses for the Consumption of Alcoholic Beverages within Designated Entertainment Districts
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Address the Opioid Crisis through Evidence-based Public Health Policy. Description: An Act To Address the Opioid Crisis through Evidence-based Public Health Policy
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Board of Pesticides Control To Work with the Forest Products Industry To Monitor Aerial Herbicide Applications. Description: Resolve, Directing the Board of Pesticides Control To Work with the Forest Products Industry To Monitor Aerial Herbicide Applications
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Certain Motor Vehicle Laws. Description: An Act To Amend Certain Motor Vehicle Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Ensure Public Notification of Air Quality Violations. Description: An Act To Ensure Public Notification of Air Quality Violations
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Solar Energy Projects and Distributed Generation Resources in Maine. Description: An Act To Promote Solar Energy Projects and Distributed Generation Resources in Maine
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend and Clarify the Maine Uniform Securities Act and To Make a Technical Correction in the Law Concerning Financial Planners. Description: An Act To Amend and Clarify the Maine Uniform Securities Act and To Make a Technical Correction in the Law Concerning Financial Planners
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Exempt Purchases by Pet Food Pantries from Sales Tax. Description: An Act To Exempt Purchases by Pet Food Pantries from Sales Tax
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Improve Geographic Information System Data Acquisition and Maintenance. Description: An Act To Improve Geographic Information System Data Acquisition and Maintenance
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the So-called Dig Safe Law. Description: An Act To Amend the So-called Dig Safe Law
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Campaign Reports and Finances Laws and the Maine Clean Election Act. Description: An Act To Amend the Campaign Reports and Finances Laws and the Maine Clean Election Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Emergency Medical Services Act of 1982 and Related Provisions. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Emergency Medical Services Act of 1982 and Related Provisions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Minimum Age To Hold a Limited-purpose Aquaculture License. Description: An Act To Create a Minimum Age To Hold a Limited-purpose Aquaculture License
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Penalize Violators of Wood Shipment and Quarantine Laws. Description: An Act To Penalize Violators of Wood Shipment and Quarantine Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Create a Postsecondary Educational Institution Sampling License. Description: An Act To Create a Postsecondary Educational Institution Sampling License
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Pathway for a Registered Dispensary under the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Act To Become a For-profit Entity. Description: An Act To Clarify the Pathway for a Registered Dispensary under the Maine Medical Use of Marijuana Act To Become a For-profit Entity
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Licensing Laws of Certain Professions and Occupations. Description: An Act To Amend the Licensing Laws of Certain Professions and Occupations
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the State's Hemp Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the State's Hemp Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify and Amend MaineCare Reimbursement Provisions for Nursing and Residential Care Facilities. Description: An Act To Clarify and Amend MaineCare Reimbursement Provisions for Nursing and Residential Care Facilities
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Assist Small Beer Manufacturers and Small Hard Cider Manufacturers. Description: An Act To Assist Small Beer Manufacturers and Small Hard Cider Manufacturers
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Authorizing the Transfer of a Plot of Land from the State to the Town of Allagash. Description: Resolve, Authorizing the Transfer of a Plot of Land from the State to the Town of Allagash
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Transfer Responsibility for Licensing of Land-based Aquaculture from the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry to the Department of Marine Resources. Description: An Act To Transfer Responsibility for Licensing of Land-based Aquaculture from the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry to the Department of Marine Resources
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prevent Insurance Discrimination in Life, Long-term Care and Disability Income Insurance. Description: An Act To Prevent Insurance Discrimination in Life, Long-term Care and Disability Income Insurance
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Transform Maine's Heat Pump Market To Advance Economic Security and Climate Objectives. Description: An Act To Transform Maine's Heat Pump Market To Advance Economic Security and Climate Objectives
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Reduce the Membership of the Clean-up and Response Fund Review Board. Description: An Act To Reduce the Membership of the Clean-up and Response Fund Review Board
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Add Rivers, Streams and Brooks to the Department of Environmental Protection's Compensation Fee Program. Description: An Act To Add Rivers, Streams and Brooks to the Department of Environmental Protection's Compensation Fee Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Concerning the Children's Cabinet and Its Advisory Councils. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Concerning the Children's Cabinet and Its Advisory Councils
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Clarify and Enhance Fish and Wildlife Enforcement Laws. Description: An Act To Clarify and Enhance Fish and Wildlife Enforcement Laws
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Eliminate Online Burn Permit Fees for All Areas of the State. Description: An Act To Eliminate Online Burn Permit Fees for All Areas of the State
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Restore the Authority of the Board of Environmental Protection. Description: An Act To Restore the Authority of the Board of Environmental Protection
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Laws Governing Personal Vehicle Rental Coverage. Description: An Act To Update the Laws Governing Personal Vehicle Rental Coverage
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Service Fee for Child Support Services. Description: An Act To Amend the Service Fee for Child Support Services
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Requirements for Assisted Living Programs Regarding Fire Safety Inspections. Description: An Act To Clarify Requirements for Assisted Living Programs Regarding Fire Safety Inspections
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Baiting of Deer. Description: An Act Regarding the Baiting of Deer
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Jurisdiction of Certain Reviews Conducted Pursuant to the State Government Evaluation Act. Description: An Act To Amend the Jurisdiction of Certain Reviews Conducted Pursuant to the State Government Evaluation Act
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Enhance Personal and Public Safety by Requiring Evaluations of and Judicial Hearings for Persons in Protective Custody Regarding Risk of Harm and Restricting Access to Dangerous Weapons. Description: An Act To Enhance Personal and Public Safety by Requiring Evaluations of and Judicial Hearings for Persons in Protective Custody Regarding Risk of Harm and Restricting Access to Dangerous Weapons
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funds to the University of Maine System to Continue the Statewide Online Advanced Placement Course Program. Description: An Act To Provide Funds to the University of Maine System to Continue the Statewide Online Advanced Placement Course Program
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Certain Snowmobile and Watercraft Laws Consistent with All-terrain Vehicle Laws. Description: An Act To Make Certain Snowmobile and Watercraft Laws Consistent with All-terrain Vehicle Laws
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Limited Disclosure of Cigarette Sales Information To Ensure Continued Receipt of Tobacco Settlement Funds. Description: An Act To Authorize Limited Disclosure of Cigarette Sales Information To Ensure Continued Receipt of Tobacco Settlement Funds
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Update the Laws Relating to Liquor Licensing and Enforcement. Description: An Act To Update the Laws Relating to Liquor Licensing and Enforcement
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, To Designate a Bridge in Indian Purchase Township the Detective Benjamin Campbell Bridge. Description: Resolve, To Designate a Bridge in Indian Purchase Township the Detective Benjamin Campbell Bridge
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Overtime. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Overtime
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Insurance Licensees. Description: An Act Regarding Insurance Licensees
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize Early Payment of Anticipated Funds to the Loring Job Increment Financing Fund. Description: An Act To Authorize Early Payment of Anticipated Funds to the Loring Job Increment Financing Fund
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue for Infrastructure, Economic Development, Workforce Development and Energy and Environment Investment. Description: An Act To Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue for Infrastructure, Economic Development, Workforce Development and Energy and Environment Investment
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, To Provide Sustainable Funding for Assisted Living Facilities. Description: Resolve, To Provide Sustainable Funding for Assisted Living Facilities
In 2019, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act Relating to the Computation of Benefits for Correctional Officers in the 1998 Special Retirement Plan. Description: An Act Relating to the Computation of Benefits for Correctional Officers in the 1998 Special Retirement Plan
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Motor Vehicle Child Restraint Systems To Allow Certain Exceptions. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Motor Vehicle Child Restraint Systems To Allow Certain Exceptions
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Laws Governing the Maine School for Marine Science, Technology, Transportation and Engineering. Description: An Act Regarding the Laws Governing the Maine School for Marine Science, Technology, Transportation and Engineering
In 2019, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue To Improve Highways, Bridges and Multimodal Facilities. Description: An Act To Authorize a General Fund Bond Issue To Improve Highways, Bridges and Multimodal Facilities
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase the Automatic Draft Authority for Licensed Insurance Producers. Description: An Act To Increase the Automatic Draft Authority for Licensed Insurance Producers
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Lobbyist Reporting Requirements and Simplify Registration Requirements for State Employees Who Lobby on Behalf of a State Department or Agency. Description: An Act To Clarify Lobbyist Reporting Requirements and Simplify Registration Requirements for State Employees Who Lobby on Behalf of a State Department or Agency
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Improve the Reporting of Grassroots Lobbying. Description: An Act To Improve the Reporting of Grassroots Lobbying
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Financial Reporting Responsibilities of Political Action Committees and Ballot Question Committees. Description: An Act To Clarify the Financial Reporting Responsibilities of Political Action Committees and Ballot Question Committees
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Create the Maine Lighthouse Trust Registration Plate. Description: An Act To Create the Maine Lighthouse Trust Registration Plate
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Modify the Financial Disclosure Requirements for a Governor-elect. Description: An Act To Modify the Financial Disclosure Requirements for a Governor-elect
In 2020, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Incentivize the Purchase of Electric Public School Buses. Description: An Act To Incentivize the Purchase of Electric Public School Buses
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Thermal Renewable Energy Credits. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Thermal Renewable Energy Credits
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Prohibiting the Use of Handheld Phones and Devices While Driving. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Prohibiting the Use of Handheld Phones and Devices While Driving
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Define the Term "Caucus Political Action Committee". Description: An Act To Define the Term "Caucus Political Action Committee"
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Certain Laws Governing Elections. Description: An Act To Amend Certain Laws Governing Elections
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Unemployment Compensation Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Unemployment Compensation Laws
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Environmental Protection To Evaluate Emissions from Aboveground Petroleum Storage Tanks. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Environmental Protection To Evaluate Emissions from Aboveground Petroleum Storage Tanks
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Real Estate Appraisal Management Company Laws. Description: An Act To Amend the Real Estate Appraisal Management Company Laws
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make Technical Changes to Maine's Marine Resources Laws. Description: An Act To Make Technical Changes to Maine's Marine Resources Laws
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maine Veterans' Memorial Cemetery System. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maine Veterans' Memorial Cemetery System
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Erect and Maintain Markers To Commemorate and Recognize the Lafayette Trail. Description: Resolve, Directing the Department of Transportation To Erect and Maintain Markers To Commemorate and Recognize the Lafayette Trail
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Prohibit Health Insurance Carriers from Retroactively Reducing Payment on Clean Claims Submitted by Pharmacies. Description: An Act To Prohibit Health Insurance Carriers from Retroactively Reducing Payment on Clean Claims Submitted by Pharmacies
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Increase Access to and Reduce the Cost of Epinephrine Autoinjectors by Amending the Definition of "Epinephrine Autoinjector". Description: An Act To Increase Access to and Reduce the Cost of Epinephrine Autoinjectors by Amending the Definition of "Epinephrine Autoinjector"
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Promote Telehealth. Description: An Act To Promote Telehealth
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Facilitate Dental Treatment for Children. Description: An Act To Facilitate Dental Treatment for Children
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Regulation of Tiny Homes. Description: An Act Regarding the Regulation of Tiny Homes
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend Certain Record-keeping and Reporting Requirements Imposed on State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies and the Department of Public Safety. Description: An Act To Amend Certain Record-keeping and Reporting Requirements Imposed on State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies and the Department of Public Safety
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Law Protecting Job Applicants from Identity Theft. Description: An Act To Clarify the Law Protecting Job Applicants from Identity Theft
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Recounts in Municipal Elections. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Recounts in Municipal Elections
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Law Relating to Corporate Income Tax Nexus and the Shipment of Spirits into the State. Description: An Act To Clarify the Law Relating to Corporate Income Tax Nexus and the Shipment of Spirits into the State
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Allow the Assignment of State Vehicles to Field Personnel Directly Concerned with Maine National Guard Facilities and To Allow State Vehicles Assigned to Military Bureau Employees To Be Used for Commuting. Description: An Act To Allow the Assignment of State Vehicles to Field Personnel Directly Concerned with Maine National Guard Facilities and To Allow State Vehicles Assigned to Military Bureau Employees To Be Used for Commuting
In 2020, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Maine Education Savings Program. Description: An Act To Amend the Maine Education Savings Program
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Permits To Possess Wildlife in Captivity. Description: An Act Regarding Permits To Possess Wildlife in Captivity
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Provide for the 2020 and 2021 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds. Description: An Act To Provide for the 2020 and 2021 Allocations of the State Ceiling on Private Activity Bonds
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Law Governing Maximum Length Limits for Truck Tractor Semitrailers. Description: An Act To Amend the Law Governing Maximum Length Limits for Truck Tractor Semitrailers
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Waste Discharge Analysis by Laboratories Operated by Waste Discharge Facilities. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing Waste Discharge Analysis by Laboratories Operated by Waste Discharge Facilities
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Strengthen Maritime Education by Amending the Laws Governing the Maine School for Marine Science, Technology, Transportation and Engineering. Description: An Act To Strengthen Maritime Education by Amending the Laws Governing the Maine School for Marine Science, Technology, Transportation and Engineering
In 2020, Maine engrossed a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding for Broadband Internet Infrastructure in Unserved and Underserved Areas. Description: An Act To Provide Funding for Broadband Internet Infrastructure in Unserved and Underserved Areas
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Provide Funding for Equipment Upgrades for Career and Technical Education Centers and Regions To Meet National Industry Standards. Description: An Act To Provide Funding for Equipment Upgrades for Career and Technical Education Centers and Regions To Meet National Industry Standards
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding the Experience Requirement for Auditors Working in the Office of the State Auditor Who Are Seeking Licensure as Certified Public Accountants. Description: An Act Regarding the Experience Requirement for Auditors Working in the Office of the State Auditor Who Are Seeking Licensure as Certified Public Accountants
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Authorization of Emergency Medical Services Personnel to Provide Medical Services in a Hospital. Description: An Act To Clarify the Authorization of Emergency Medical Services Personnel to Provide Medical Services in a Hospital
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Make March Maine Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. Description: An Act To Make March Maine Childhood Cancer Awareness Month
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish the Central Aroostook County Emergency Medical Services Authority. Description: An Act To Establish the Central Aroostook County Emergency Medical Services Authority
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Qualifications for the State Nuclear Safety Inspector. Description: An Act To Amend the Qualifications for the State Nuclear Safety Inspector
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Remove the Application of the Maine Background Check Center Act to Facilities That Provide Services to Children. Description: An Act To Remove the Application of the Maine Background Check Center Act to Facilities That Provide Services to Children
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Consolidate Certain Reporting Requirements of the Department of Health and Human Services. Description: An Act To Consolidate Certain Reporting Requirements of the Department of Health and Human Services
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Department of Public Safety, Gambling Control Board Laws Regarding Registered Equipment. Description: An Act To Amend the Department of Public Safety, Gambling Control Board Laws Regarding Registered Equipment
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify the Laws Governing Financial Relationships between Entities within the Three-tier System for Distribution of Alcohol. Description: An Act To Clarify the Laws Governing Financial Relationships between Entities within the Three-tier System for Distribution of Alcohol
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Clarify Certificate of Approval Requirements under the State's Liquor Laws. Description: An Act To Clarify Certificate of Approval Requirements under the State's Liquor Laws
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Health Insurance Options for Town Academies. Description: An Act Regarding Health Insurance Options for Town Academies
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Lower Health Care Costs. Description: An Act To Lower Health Care Costs
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Establish Patient Protections in Billing for Health Care. Description: An Act To Establish Patient Protections in Billing for Health Care
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maternal, Fetal and Infant Mortality Review Panel. Description: An Act To Amend the Laws Governing the Maternal, Fetal and Infant Mortality Review Panel
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act Regarding Sales of Alcohol in Municipalities and Unincorporated Places. Description: An Act Regarding Sales of Alcohol in Municipalities and Unincorporated Places
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: Resolve, Designating Portions of Route 139 and Route 201A in Somerset County the Corporal Eugene Cole Way. Description: Resolve, Designating Portions of Route 139 and Route 201A in Somerset County the Corporal Eugene Cole Way
In 2020, Maine engrossed a bill titled: Resolve, Requiring the Department of Education To Report on Issues Relating to Bullying in Schools. Description: Resolve, Requiring the Department of Education To Report on Issues Relating to Bullying in Schools
In 2020, Maine enrolled a bill titled: An Act To Appropriate Funds to the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To End Hunger in Maine by 2030. Description: An Act To Appropriate Funds to the Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry To End Hunger in Maine by 2030
In 2020, Maine passed a bill titled: An Act To Implement Provisions Necessary to the Health, Welfare and Safety of the Citizens of Maine in Response to the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency. Description: An Act To Implement Provisions Necessary to the Health, Welfare and Safety of the Citizens of Maine in Response to the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency
