Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Maryland:
In 2025, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Specially Designed Vintage Reproduction Registration Plates. Description: Repealing the time limitation within which the Motor Vehicle Administration is required to make available specially designed vintage reproduction registration plates; and requiring the Administration to charge a fee of $100 for the initial issuance and $25 for the renewal of a specially designed vintage reproduction registration plate.
In 2025, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Public Ethics Law - School Boards - Compliance Certification. Description: Requiring each school board to certify to the State Ethics Commission, on or before October 1 each year, that the school board is in compliance with certain requirements of the Maryland Public Ethics Law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Paint Stewardship. Description: Requiring producers of architectural paint or a representative organization to submit a plan for the establishment of a Paint Stewardship Program to the Department of the Environment by July 1, 2025, and in accordance with certain requirements; requiring the Department to review and approve certain plans, including a certain assessment; prohibiting the sale of certain architectural paint beginning January 1, 2026 unless an approved Paint Stewardship Program has been implemented by certain producers; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Taxes - Authority of Counties to Establish a Subclass and Set a Special Rate for Vacant and Abandoned Property. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county to establish, by law, a subclass of real property consisting of vacant lots or improved property cited as vacant and unfit for habitation or other authorized use on a certain violation notice and to set a special property tax rate for certain vacant and abandoned property; requiring the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county that enacts a special tax rate to submit a certain report by December 1 each year; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Institutions of Higher Education - Admissions Standards - Prohibition on Consideration of Legacy Preference or Donor Preference. Description: Prohibiting institutions of higher education that receive State funds from considering a legacy preference or donor preference as an eligible criterion for admissions standards at the institution; and allowing an institution of higher education to ask applicants for information regarding familial relationships to alums of the institution for data collection purposes.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Indecent Exposure Within the Presence of a Minor. Description: Prohibiting a person from committing the common law crime of indecent exposure; prohibiting a person from, with prurient intent, committing the common law crime of indecent exposure when the person knows or reasonably should know that a minor is present and the minor is at least 2 years old and is more than 4 years younger than the person; and establishing a penalty of 5 years of imprisonment or a fine of up to $10,000 or both on conviction for a crime of indecent exposure in the presence of a minor.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing Innovation Pilot Program and Housing Innovation Fund - Establishment (Housing Innovation Pilot Program Act of 2024). Description: Establishing the Housing Innovation Fund to provide loans for local housing authorities and county governments to develop mixed-income, cross-subsidized housing; establishing the Housing Innovation Pilot Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development to assist public housing authorities and county governments in increasing housing production and to reward counties pursuing solutions to the problem of housing scarcity; authorizing the Governor to include an appropriation of $5,000,000 to the Fund in certain fiscal years; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Property - Affordable Housing Land Trusts - Authority to Establish Condominium Regimes. Description: Authorizing a condominium regime to be established on certain land owned by an affordable housing land trust.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Revisions. Description: Altering the information that clerks of the circuit court for each county and administrative clerks for each District Court are required to report to the State Administrator of Elections; requiring a public official responsible for the use of a public building requested by a local board of elections for an early voting center to make the building available to the local board; requiring each local board to establish an appeals process regarding requests to use public buildings as early voting centers; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Sales - Homeowner Protection Program - Funding. Description: Requiring each collector of property taxes to include with each property tax bill a separate insert that describes the Homeowner Protection Program and encourages taxpayers to make a voluntary donation to the Program through a website maintained by the State Department of Assessments and Taxation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charter Counties - Comprehensive Plans - Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing. Description: Altering requirements for the housing element of a charter county's comprehensive plan to include requirements related to affirmatively furthering fair housing; requiring the housing element of a comprehensive plan that is enacted or amended on or after January 1, 2025, to include an assessment of fair housing to ensure that the county is affirmatively furthering fair housing; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Northern Snakehead - Common Name. Description: Establishing the common name of the northern snakehead as the "Chesapeake Channa".
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture - Pollinator Habitat Plan - Requirements for State Highway Administration. Description: Requiring the State Highway Administration's pollinator habitat plan to include policies and procedures regarding the use of pollinator habitat areas along State highways; requiring the Administration to track and evaluate federal programs that provide funding for pollinator habitats, native plants, and invasive species control and to apply for any funding that the Administration determines appropriate and beneficial to pollinator habitats; requiring the Administration to update the plan by October 1 each year; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange - Qualified Health Plans - Dental Coverage. Description: Repealing a certain provision of law providing that a qualified health plan is not required under certain circumstances to provide essential benefits that duplicate the minimum benefits of qualified dental plans; and repealing the authority of the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to require children enrolling in a qualified health plan to have essential pediatric dental benefits required by the federal Secretary of Health and Human Services.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of the Environment - Environmental Justice Evaluation of Environmental Permit Applications. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to perform a certain environmental justice evaluation of certain environmental permit applications under certain circumstances; authorizing the Department to take certain actions on certain environmental permit applications based on certain findings to address environmental concerns; requiring the Department to maintain a publicly accessible website, part of a website, or application that identifies pending permit applications with specific census tracts; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Small, Minority, and Women-Owned Businesses Account - Alterations. Description: Altering the type of financial assistance that may be provided by eligible fund managers who receive grants from the Small, Minority, and Women-Owned Businesses Account in the Department of Commerce to allow grants of up to $10,000 in conjunction with a loan.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance – Conformity With Federal Law. Description: Conforming provisions of State health insurance law with existing federal requirements, including updating effective dates for federal regulations, clarifying federal consumer protection regulations resulting from changes to the federal No Surprises Act, altering the material errors that trigger special enrollment periods, and authorizing the Maryland Health Benefits Exchange to adopt an expanded open enrollment period under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Interstate Social Work Licensure Compact. Description: Entering into the Social Work Licensure Compact for the purpose of authorizing regulated social workers who hold interstate compact licenses to practice social work in member states; establishing requirements for multistate licensure; establishing the Social Work Licensure Compact Commission; and providing for withdrawal from the Compact.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Submission of Building Permits to Supervisor of Assessments - Estimated Construction Cost. Description: Requiring local permit offices to include a construction cost estimate when submitting a copy of a building permit to the supervisor of assessments of the county where the building is located.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Protections After Loss or Damage to Property. Description: Prohibiting a public adjuster, or anyone acting on behalf of a public adjuster, from soliciting or attempting to solicit a client between the hours of 8:00 p.m. and 8:00 a.m.; altering the statements that are required to be included in a public adjuster contract; altering a certain rescission period for public adjuster contracts; and requiring a public adjuster to provide notice to the Commissioner, in a form and manner the Commissioner determines, within 1 business day after the public adjuster has entered into a contract.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Services for Formerly Incarcerated Women - Commission and Pilot Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Commission on Services for Formerly Incarcerated Women overseen by the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to create a comprehensive plan for services for formerly incarcerated women; requiring the Commission to study the challenges faced by formerly incarcerated women, identify existing services and service gaps, and report its findings to the Governor and General Assembly by June 30, 2025; and establishing the Pilot Program for Formerly Incarcerated Women.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Motor Vehicle Off-Street Parking Requirements Near Mass Transit Stations. Description: Prohibiting the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City from adopting or enforcing a local law that requires the creation of new motor vehicle off-street parking for a development that includes residential use and that is located within a 0.25-mile radius of a present or planned MARC, Baltimore MTA Light Rail, Red Line, or Metro station.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Service Agencies - Reimbursement - Personal Assistance Services (Homecare Worker Rights Act of 2024). Description: Authorizing the Maryland Department of Health to reimburse a residential service agency for personal assistance services only if the personal assistance services are provided by an individual classified as an employee.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Postelection Tabulation Audits - Risk-Limiting Audits. Description: Requiring the State Board of Elections, in collaboration with the local boards of elections, to conduct a risk-limiting audit after each statewide election; authorizing the State Board, in collaboration with the local boards, to conduct a risk-limiting audit after a special general election; authorizing, rather than requiring, the State Board, in collaboration with the local boards, to conduct an automated software audit after a statewide election; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Public Health Services and Protections - Revisions. Description: Repealing the exceptions that allow the sale, distribution, or purchase of tobacco products, tobacco paraphernalia, and electronic smoking devices to or for certain individuals who are active duty members of the military; authorizing the Maryland Department of Health to reallocate from one county to another county certain projected unspent grant funding relating to cancer to address certain funding needs; altering the duties of the State Council on Child Abuse and Neglect; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Registration - Exceptions for Golf Carts - Authorization. Description: Authorizing counties and municipalities to designate certain highways in their respective jurisdictions on which a person may operate a golf cart; authorizing a person with a valid driver's license to operate a golf cart only on a highway with a maximum posted speed limit of not more than 30 miles per hour or 35 miles per hour in Golden Beach Patuxent Knolls, St. Mary's County, between dawn and dusk, and if the golf cart is equipped with certain lighting devices; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Sale, Barter, or Exchange of Mounted Specimens From Decedent's Estate. Description: Authorizing the sale, barter, or exchange of a legally acquired mounted specimen of a game bird, excluding a migratory game bird, or game mammal, from a decedent's estate and the specimen is part of the personal property being liquidated or distributed.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Maryland Pediatric Cancer Fund and Commission. Description: Altering the use of the Maryland Pediatric Cancer Fund to require that the Fund be used only for pediatric cancer research instead of only for pediatric cancer research, prevention, and treatment and to allow funds from the Fund to be used for administrative expenses; and establishing the Pediatric Cancer Research Commission to oversee the award of competitive grants from the Fund and to develop criteria and a process for reviewing grant applications.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employees - Parental Bereavement Leave. Description: Providing that certain State employees are entitled to use up to 10 days of parental bereavement leave with pay within 60 days after the death of the employee's child; providing that certain State employees are entitled to use up to 60 days of parental bereavement leave within 60 days after the employee experiences a stillbirth or the death of the employee's infant; and prohibiting certain State entities from requiring State employees entitled to parental bereavement leave under the Act to use any other paid leave available to the employee.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force to Study E-Commerce Monopolies in the State (E-Commerce Antimonopoly Study of 2024). Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study E-Commerce Monopolies in the State to investigate the business practices and industry impacts of e-commerce businesses that individually have annual revenue exceeding $10,000,000,000, have a presence in the State, and are engaged in selling on their own online platforms first- and third-party products; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the General Assembly by December 1, 2024; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Transfer to Heir or Legatee - Payment Plans. Description: Exempting a grant of land transferring residential real property from the estate of a decedent to an heir or a legatee of the decedent from certain requirements for the payment of taxes on real property if the heir or legatee of the decedent enters into a payment plan to pay all the taxes due and owed on the property; exempting a grant of land that is subject to a payment plan for property taxes from certain requirements for the payment of taxes if the grantee agrees to assume the grantor's obligations under the payment plan; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Commission on Veterans and Military Families. Description: Establishing the Maryland Commission on Veterans and Military Families to study developing and implementing a statewide strategic plan to make Maryland the best state for veterans and military families, including legislative and budgetary recommendations; requiring the Commission to consult with the Office of Military and Federal Affairs and the Maryland Military Installation Council as part of the study process; and requiring the Commission to report its findings to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Home and Recreational Trailer Shows - Out-of-State Dealers. Description: Authorizing out-of-state motor home or recreational trailer dealers that are licensed by the licensing authority of another state to display motor homes and recreational vehicles at vehicle shows; and
requiring the Department of Commerce to conduct a study on the perceivable impact of out-of-state dealers of motor homes or recreational trailers displaying or exhibiting at vehicle shows in the State on the Maryland RV Show at the Maryland State Fairgrounds and report its findings by December 1, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Rehabilitation Services - Disability - Definition. Description: Altering the definition of "disability" relating to the provision of rehabilitation services in the State to align with the federal Rehabilitation Act of 1973; and defining "disability" as any physical or mental impairment that constitutes or results in a substantial impediment to employment or independent living.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employee Rights and Protections - Personnel Actions and Harassment - Investigation of Complaints. Description: Increasing, from 30 days to 60 days, the time period during which an investigation must be conducted and a written decision must be issued regarding a complaint filed by an applicant or employee alleging discrimination or harassment by an employer; and authorizing certain applicants and employees to provide written authorization to increase by an additional 30 days the time period during which an investigation of a complaint and a written decision must be completed.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Credit for Dwelling House of Disabled Veterans - Alterations. Description: Altering eligibility for a certain property tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax on the dwelling house of certain disabled veterans to include individuals who have been declared by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to have a nonpermanent service-connected disability of 100% that results from blindness or any other disabling cause; authorizing a county or municipal corporation, notwithstanding certain provisions of the Act, to enact a law limiting eligibility for the tax credit; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax Credits - Public School Employees, Health and Safety Improvements, and Property Used for Local Housing Programs. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to grant, by law, a certain property tax credit for certain residential real property owned by a public school employee under certain circumstances; authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to grant, by law, a certain property tax credit for certain buildings if the owner made certain health or safety improvements on or after July 1, 2024; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Penalties - Unauthorized Insurers, Insurance Producers, and Public Adjusters. Description: Altering the maximum civil penalty to which an unauthorized insurer or person that violates certain provisions of State insurance law is subject for each violation; and altering the maximum civil penalty that the Maryland Insurance Commissioner may impose, in addition to suspending or revoking the license, on the holder of an insurance producer license or a public adjuster licensee for each violation of State insurance law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Continuing Care Retirement Communities - Transparency, Grievances, and Unit Reoccupancy. Description: Requiring a provider to post the provider's most recent disclosure statement on the provider's website; increasing from yearly to quarterly the number of times a provider is required to hold a meeting open to all the provider's subscribers; requiring at the last quarterly meeting of the year an officer of the provider to give an aggregated, deidentified summary of internal grievances; requiring a provider to submit a written report to a subscriber or a beneficiary if the subscriber's unit has not been reoccupied within 9 months; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Interference With a Public Safety Answering Point - Penalties. Description: Prohibiting a person from taking certain actions with the intent to interrupt or impair the functioning of a public safety answering point; prohibiting a person from taking certain actions that interrupt or impair the functioning of a public safety answering point; and authorizing penalties for certain violations of imprisonment of up to 5 years or a fine not to exceed $25,000 or both.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Expungement - Completion of Sentence. Description: Altering certain provisions of law relating to waiting periods for the filing of certain petitions for expungement to authorize the filing of a petition a certain amount of time after the completion of the sentence; and requiring a court to determine that a person seeking a certain expungement has paid restitution ordered by the court or does not have the ability to pay.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Teacher Development and Retention Program - Alterations. Description: Altering the definition of "institution of initial eligibility" to include community colleges as eligible institutions as part of the criteria for applicants for the Teacher Development and Retention Program; altering the evaluation requirements for the Program; requiring the Higher Education Commission to conduct an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Program and report the results to the Governor and the General Assembly by January 1, 2030; and altering the termination date from June 30, 2029 to June 30, 2030.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Pharmacists - Administration of Vaccines. Description: Authorizing a pharmacist to order and administer certain vaccinations to individuals in certain age groups if certain requirements are met; altering the vaccinations that a pharmacist can administer to individuals at least 3 years old; and altering the circumstances under which a pharmacist may administer certain vaccinations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Environmental Service – Governance and Requirements. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Maryland Environmental Service to delegate certain responsibilities to an employee of the Service; altering the obligations of the Service after receiving a request for services and after entering into a contract;  requiring that an audit be made of the financial books, records, and accounts of the Service by November 15 each year; and requiring the Service to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on its activities by November 15 each year.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Party and Elected Public Offices - Prohibition. Description: Altering the application of provisions of law that prohibit an individual from simultaneously being a candidate for more than one public office or office of a political party; prohibiting individuals from simultaneously being a candidate for, or holding, a party office and an elected public office; and providing the Act does not apply to an individual on the ballot for the national presidential nominating convention or who holds the office of delegate to the national presidential nominating convention.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals and Urgent Care Centers - Sepsis Protocol (Lochlin's Law). Description: Requiring, on or before January 1, 2025, each hospital and urgent care center in the State to implement an evidence-based protocol for the early recognition and treatment of a patient with sepsis, severe sepsis, or septic shock that is based on generally acceptable standards of care; requiring a specialty psychiatric hospital to establish a certain process; and requiring hospitals and urgent care centers to require periodic training in the implementation of the protocol for certain staff.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public and Nonpublic Schools - Bronchodilators - Use, Availability, Training, and Policies. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, in consultation with certain groups, to develop training for certain school personnel to identify symptoms of anaphylaxis, asthma, and respiratory distress in students; requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in consultation with county boards, and authorizing nonpublic schools to establish a policy to obtain, administer, and train certain school personnel to administer emergency bronchodilators to a student who is determined to be, or is perceived to be, experiencing asthma-related symptoms; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Immediate Vesting. Description: Providing that an individual serving as the State Superintendent of Schools shall immediately vest in the State Retirement and Pension System.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Hearing Representation. Description: Requiring the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to allow corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, and sole proprietorships that are small employers to be represented by certain authorized individuals rather than an attorney in certain hearings held by the Commissioner.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Resources and Education for All Prisons (REAP) Act. Description: Requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to assist incarcerated individuals in accessing federal Pell Grants for higher education; requiring the Department to set goals for the number of incarcerated individuals in postsecondary education programs, establish tracking systems for their progress in postsecondary education programs, and forward certain data to the Maryland Higher Education Commission; requiring the Commission to assist the Department in establishing the tracking systems; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Termination of Residential Lease - Limitation of Liability for Rent. Description: Limiting a tenant's liability for rent to not more than 2 months' rent after the date on which the tenant vacates a leased premises if a physician or psychologist completes a form specifying that the tenant has a mental disorder, the management of which is substantially limited by the leased premises.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Inmate Employment - Agricultural Work. Description: Repealing the authority of the Division of Correction to arrange for inmates not needed or being used by the State Highway Administration to perform emergency road work to be employed in agricultural work during any part of the year at a camp in Queen Anne's County or any other county with a similar camp.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health - Newborn Screening Program - Implementation of Testing. Description: Repealing a certain requirement related to the inclusion of a core condition in the system for newborn screening; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to implement testing for a core condition listed in the Recommended Uniform Screening Panel within a certain time period after the core condition is added to the Panel; authorizing the Department to screen for any condition recommended by the Advisory Council and approved by the Secretary; requiring the Department to implement testing for Krabbe leukodystrophy at a certain time; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baby Food - Toxic Heavy Metals - Testing and Labeling (Rudy's Law). Description: Requiring, beginning January 1, 2025, manufacturers of baby food to test a representative sample of each production aggregate of the manufacturer's final baby food product for certain toxic heavy metals; requiring, beginning January 1, 2026, manufacturers of baby food to make certain information related to the testing and a link to certain guidance available on the manufacturer's website; requiring a consumer to report to the Maryland Department of Health if the consumer believes that baby food is being sold with toxic heavy metals; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Sexual Solicitation of a Minor Through Child Pornography – Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting an individual from knowingly and with a certain intent soliciting a minor or law enforcement officer posing as a minor to engage in certain prohibited sexual acts with the minor by a certain means.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Inheritance Tax - Beneficiaries of Limited Means - Installment Payments. Description: Requiring a certain register of wills to allow an installment payment plan for the inheritance tax to be paid by a certain beneficiary of limited means under certain circumstances and subject to certain limitations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Motorcycles - Passenger Restrictions. Description: Requiring a rear passenger on a motorcycle to be able to firmly position the passenger's feet on the footrests of the motorcycle, subject to an exception for permanent physical disability.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Dental Services - Coverage and Rate Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to study the feasibility of including removable full and partial dentures and setting adequate reimbursement rates for providers on a per-patient basis for house calls and extended care facility calls among the coverage offered by the Maryland Healthy Smiles Dental Program; and requiring the Department to report its findings from the study to the Senate Finance Committee and the House Health and Government Operations Committee by December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Drunk Driving Offenses - Expungement and the Ignition Interlock System Program. Description: Authorizing a person to file a petition for expungement of certain records relating to a probation before judgment for driving while impaired or driving while under the influence; requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to require persons convicted of or granted probation before judgment for certain criminal offenses related to driving while impaired by alcohol, a drug, drug combination, or a combination of drugs and alcohol to participate in the Ignition Interlock System Program for certain periods of time; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Bus Lane Obstruction - Monitoring Systems Expansion (Better Bus Service Act of 2024). Description: Prohibiting a person from parking or standing certain vehicles in a dedicated bus lane; making statewide the authority of a local jurisdiction to use, in accordance with certain standards and procedures, a bus lane monitoring system to enforce the prohibition against driving, standing, or parking a motor vehicle in a designated bus lane; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County Board of Education - Nonstudent Member Compensation and Student Member Scholarships - Alterations. Description: Altering the annual compensation of certain nonstudent members of the Baltimore County Board of Education from $7,500 to $16,500; providing that the chair of the county board is entitled to receive $17,500 annually as compensation; and increasing the amount that a student member of the board is granted for a certain scholarship from $7,500 to $10,000.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Submerged Aquatic Vegetation - Alteration or Removal Requirements. Description: Authorizing certain persons to alter certain submerged aquatic vegetation in a certain manner and in accordance with certain requirements; authorizing a public utility company or telecommunications carrier to alter certain submerged aquatic vegetation in a certain manner and in accordance with certain requirements; and altering certain requirements related to the alteration or removal of certain submerged aquatic vegetation.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Bicycles, Play Vehicles, and Unicycles - Authorizations and Requirements. Description: Authorizing a person to ride a bicycle, play vehicle, or unicycle on a sidewalk or sidewalk area unless prohibited by local ordinance; and requiring a person riding a bicycle, play vehicle, or unicycle on a sidewalk or sidewalk area or in or through a crosswalk to yield the right-of-way to a pedestrian or a person using an electric personal assistive mobility device.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Persons Doing Public Business – Disclosure Requirements. Description: Requiring a person to file a registration statement with the State Board of Elections within a certain time period after the award of a contract that causes the person to be doing public business; requiring persons doing public business to update information on beneficial ownership included in the registration statement in accordance with regulations adopted by the State Board; altering the time at which a person doing public business is required to file a certain initial statement with the State Board; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Horse Riding - Helmet Requirement for Minors. Description: Prohibiting an adult from allowing certain minors to ride a horse, donkey, mule, or pony on a highway, a public horse-riding path, or the grounds of a facility for which the primary purpose is recreational, educational, therapeutic, or competitive equestrian activities unless the minor is wearing a properly secured helmet that meets or exceeds the standards of the American Society of Testing and Materials for protective headgear used in equestrian riding.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victims' Rights - Notification of Release From Confinement (Jaycee Webster Victims' Rights Act). Description: Requiring a certain commitment unit to include in a notification given to a victim, victim's representative, or witness regarding the release from confinement of a sentenced defendant or child respondent the telephone number of the Maryland Crime Victims Resource Center.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources - Maryland Geological Survey Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Geological Survey Fund to finance certain direct and indirect costs, including long-term budgeting and planning for survey projects, procurements, and equipment purchases; establishing the Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund in the Department of Natural Resources; and requiring interest earnings of the Fund to be credited to the Fund.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Giving Infants a Future Without Transmission (GIFT) Act. Description: Altering certain HIV and syphilis reporting and testing requirements for hospitals and health care providers for pregnant women and newborns; providing that certain documents related to certain HIV and syphilis reports are not discoverable and are not admissible in evidence in any criminal or administrative action; and altering certain penalties related to the disclosure of personal identifying health information acquired for the purpose of HIV and AIDS reporting under certain provisions of law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland Agricultural and Resource-Based Industry Development Corporation - Loans. Description: Altering a certain loan program to authorize the Maryland Agricultural and Resource-Based Industry Development Corporation to provide loans of up to $10,000 for each seasonal full-time job; expanding eligibility for the Maryland Watermen's Microloan Program within the Corporation to include, starting July 1, 2025, individuals who are residents of the State and hold a commercial fishing license to catch finfish, crabs, clams, or oysters issued by the Potomac River Fisheries Commission; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Division of Parole and Probation - Criteria for Earned Compliance Credit - Exception for Supervision Fees. Description: Altering a certain condition regarding the payment of certain restitution, fines, and fees that a certain supervised individual must satisfy to accrue certain earned compliance credit while under the supervision of the Division of Parole and Probation in the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts – Military Records – Recordation and Inspection. Description: Altering certain provisions of law relating to the recordation and inspection of certain military records kept by the clerk of a circuit court to authorize the clerk to keep an electronic record instead of a book to record and index the discharge papers of a person who has served in the uniformed services of the United States; and requiring the clerk to deny inspection of the electronic record except under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Nonoccupational Postexposure Prophylaxis (nPEP) Standing Order Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Nonoccupational Postexposure Prophylaxis (nPEP) Standing Order Program to authorize pharmacists to dispense nPEP under certain circumstances; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to adopt regulations necessary for the administration of the Program and that address the needs of certain populations, including victims of sexual assault and pediatric patients; and authorizing the Department to administer the Program, collect certain fees, and establish guidelines for training related to the Program.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Crimes - Interfering With a Legislative Proceeding. Description: Prohibiting a person from intentionally threatening to physically harm a witness or retaliating against a witness or intentionally soliciting another to threaten a witness or retaliate against a witness to affect testimony before a legislative body in a legislative proceeding; and providing certain penalties.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of General Services - State Buildings and Facilities - Energy Conservation and Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions. Description: Altering the State's goals for reducing energy consumption in State buildings; requiring the Maryland Green Building Council to update the High Performance Green Building Program to ensure that the Program aligns with certain greenhouse gas emissions reduction goals; requiring the Department of General Services to identify State-owned facilities that are potential candidates for energy performance contracts; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing Development Permit Applications - Local Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring local jurisdictions with at least 150,000 residents to report certain information for each building or development permit application that includes a residential housing component as part of the development to the Department of Housing and Community Development and the Department of Planning on or before July 1 each year; and requiring a local jurisdiction to make a copy of the report publicly available on its website.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commission to Study African American Civil War Soldiers in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Commission to Study African American Civil War Soldiers in Maryland; requiring the Commission to study the history of the African American soldiers who fought for the Union Army; requiring the Commission to make certain recommendations regarding the funding, design, construction, and location of an appropriate memorial dedicated to African American Civil War soldiers; and requiring the Commission to report its findings and recommendation to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Employment Standards, Prevailing Wage, and Living Wage - Employer Adverse Actions and Enforcement. Description: Prohibiting employers from taking or threatening to take adverse action against an employee because the employee takes certain actions regarding rights and responsibilities, complaints, investigations, proceedings, or hearings; authorizing the Commissioner of Labor and Industry, within 90 days after receipt of a written complaint, to investigate a violation and attempt to resolve the issue informally through mediation; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Civil Actions - Civil Immunity - Educator Intervention. Description: Providing that a member of the administrative, educational, or support staff of any public, private, or parochial school, acting in an official capacity, is not civilly liable for personal injury or property damage resulting from intervention in a student altercation or other student disturbance if the staff member intervened in a reasonably prudent manner and the actions taken do not constitute grossly negligent, willful, wanton, or intentionally tortious conduct.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Motor Vehicle Insurance Companies - Requirements. Description: Requiring motor vehicle insurance companies to participate in the Motor Vehicle Administration's online verification program for vehicle insurance policies for law enforcement and administrative purposes; and requiring motor vehicle insurance companies to provide certain customer information details.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Notice of Utility Bills in Residential Leases - Gas and Electric Services. Description: Adding gas and electric utility services to the types of services for which landlords of buildings that contain six or more residential units are required to provide a written notice to a tenant, before the initiation of a lease and each term thereafter, notifying the tenant of the total utility costs billed to the landlord in the immediately preceding year, disaggregated by utility type; and applying certain requirements relating to payment of utility services to landlords of buildings that contain five or fewer residential dwelling units.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Child Victims - Testimony in Child Abuse Cases. Description: Altering a certain requirement under which a court is authorized to order that the testimony of a child victim be taken outside a courtroom and shown in the courtroom by closed circuit television in certain child abuse cases.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums - Sales Contracts - Asbestos Disclosure. Description: Establishing the unenforceability of contracts for the sale of condominium units that do not contain a statement by the vendor or unit owner as to whether the vendor or unit owner has actual knowledge of the presence of asbestos in the condominium, including a description of the location of the asbestos, whether abatement has been performed, and the date of any abatement.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Employee Relations Act – Alterations. Description: Altering certain provisions of the Public Employee Relations Act, including adding the definition of interested employee organization, altering the timing of exclusive representative access to new employees, clarifying the responsibilities of certain deputy directors, and clarifying the process for certain investigations of unfair labor practices.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Deep Fake Representations and Revenge Porn. Description: Establishing that the statute of limitations for a prosecution relating to harassment by distribution of a deep fake image is 5 years after the victim knew or should have known of the violation; establishing that it is harassment for a person to distribute a deep fake representation that is indistinguishable from an actual and identifiable human being; establishing that revenge porn does not include certain deep fake representations; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations Boards – Reciprocal Licensure and Certification. Description: Authorizing certain health occupations boards to adopt regulations establishing reciprocity for individuals licensed or certified in another state.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tobacco Tax Stamp Refunds - Loss Due to Theft. Description: Authorizing a claimant who buys tobacco tax stamps to receive a refund for tobacco tax stamps affixed to stolen property; requiring the claimant to provide the Comptroller with certain documentation when making a claim for a refund; and providing for a fine for making a false claim of double the amount of any tax refund in addition to any other authorized penalties.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Transportation - Human Trafficking Awareness, Training, and Response (See Someone, Save Someone Act). Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Transportation to develop and implement a certain training program for certain transportation-sector employees on the identification and reporting of human trafficking victims; requiring, by January 1, 2025, and each January 1 thereafter, employers to certify that all their employees have completed the training; requiring employers to provide a new employee with the required training within 90 days after the date of hire; requiring employers to establish certain reporting procedures; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Medical Records - Destruction - Notice and Retrieval. Description: Extending the time period from 5 to 7 years during which a health care provider is prohibited from destroying medical records and laboratory and X-ray reports; requiring that the notice required to be provided regarding the destruction of medical records be made to the last known e-mail address of the patient or the parent or guardian of a minor; requiring a health care provider to make a medical record available for retrieval by a patient or a parent or guardian of a minor within a certain time period and at a certain location; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County Board of Education - Vacancy Procedures - Timing and Video Streaming and Archiving. Description: Requiring the Charles County Board of Education to fill a vacancy on the county board within 90 days after the vacancy occurs; authorizing the Board to choose not to fill a vacancy that occurs in an election year for a seat that is vacant; and requiring the county board to make publicly available through its website live video streaming and complete video recordings of public meetings during which the county board conducts interviews of applicants for a vacancy on the county board.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of the Environment - Study on Deathcare and Funeral Practices. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment, in consultation with the Maryland Department of Health and the Maryland Department of Labor, to conduct a study of the environmental and public health impacts of deathcare and funeral practices in the State; and requiring the Department to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before October 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Medical Records - Fees - Attorneys Representing Patients. Description: Adding an attorney representing a patient to the list of individuals to whom a health care provider is prohibited from charging a fee for providing copies of a medical record that will be used for the purpose of filing a claim regarding or appealing a denial of Social Security disability income or Social Security benefits.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Homeowners' and Homestead Property Tax Credits - Application Filing Deadline - Extension. Description: Authorizing the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to accept an application for the homeowners' property tax credit submitted by a homeowner within 3 years after April 15 of the taxable year for which the credit is sought if the homeowner is enrolled in the Homeowner Protection Program; and providing for the calculation of the homestead property tax credit for certain homeowners under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Energy Administration - Carbon Capture Opportunity Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Carbon Capture Opportunity Program in the Maryland Energy Administration to assist nonprofit and for-profit businesses in the State engaged in carbon capture projects or carbon capture research; and requiring the Administration to use existing resources to administer the Program, establish application procedures, provide technical assistance to participating businesses, assist participants in applying for federal and private grant funding, and publicize the availability of the Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Common Ownership Communities - Electric Vehicle Recharging Equipment (Electric Vehicle Recharging Equipment Act of 2024). Description: Altering certain requirements for procedures relating to electric vehicle recharging equipment; establishing requirements and procedures relating to an application to the governing body of a cooperative housing corporation to install or use electric vehicle recharging equipment; and requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to publish information on its common ownership community website regarding requirements, contractor information, certain points of contact, and resources on dispute resolutions.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Driver's Licenses, Learner's Instructional Permits, and Identification Cards. Description: Exempting certain applicants for identification cards who present certain documentation from the issuance fee for the identification card; extending the term of certain learner's instructional permits from 180 days to 1 year after the date of issuance; and establishing that certain driver's licenses issued to certain holders by the Motor Vehicle Administration remain in full force and effect during an absence from the State.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Prohibited Liability Agreements - Recreational Facilities. Description: Establishing that a provision in a contract or agreement relating to the use of a recreational facility that purports to limit the recreational facility's liability, or release the recreational facility from or indemnify or hold harmless the recreational facility against liability, for injury caused by or resulting from the negligence or other wrongful acts of the recreational facility or its agents or employees is void and unenforceable under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Government – Annual Audit Reporting Requirements – Alterations. Description: Requiring 20% of certain State aid for highway user revenues and disparity grants to be discontinued if a county, municipality, or special taxing district does not submit a certain audit report within 2 calendar years after the deadline for the report, subject to a certain condition; and applying the Act beginning with the fiscal year 2024 audits that are required to be submitted under certain provisions of law.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Student Health - Information on Accessible Dental Health. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to support and facilitate each county board of education in publishing information on financially accessible dental health available care in the county in student handbooks and on local school system websites.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of State Police - Professional Occupations - Application Process. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of State Police to determine the manner and format for applications for certification as a private detective, security guard, security systems technician, and railroad police officer and for a license to provide security guard services; altering the application requirements related to security guard agency, private detective agency, and security systems agency licenses and commercial general liability insurance; requiring an applicant for a special police commission to submit two sets of fingerprints; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Producer Licensing Requirements - Education and Experience. Description: Repealing the requirements for education and experience for licensing of certain insurance producers, including producers for property and casualty insurance, life insurance, health insurance, annuities, and related products.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Buildings and State Highways - Collection of Yard Waste. Description: Prohibiting a person from disposing of yard waste collected on the grounds of a State building or a State highway in a single-use plastic container; requiring a person to collect yard waste on the grounds of a State building or a State highway in a container that will not be discarded with the yard waste or is a compostable paper bag; and providing that the Act does not apply to a person disposing of noxious weeds, as designated by the Department of Agriculture, or invasive species.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax Assessment - Unsuccessful Appeals to Maryland Tax Court - Fee. Description: Requiring a taxpayer to pay a $100 fee to the Maryland Tax Court if the taxpayer appeals a determination regarding an assessment of an income-producing property valued greater than $5,000,000 and the Court does not grant the taxpayer relief on appeal.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Occupational Licensing and Certification - Criminal History - Predetermination Review Process. Description: Establishing a predetermination review process for occupational licenses and certificates in certain departments of State government; authorizing a department to charge a criminal history review fee of not more than $100 or to waive the fee under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Towing or Removal - Insurer of Record - Electronic Notification. Description: Authorizing a person who undertakes the towing or removal of a vehicle from a parking lot to notify the insurer of record electronically if that form of notice is agreed to by the tower and the insurer of record in a certain manner.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Care of Infants After Discharge (Safe Sleep Act of 2024). Description: Requiring a hospital, as soon as practicable before discharging an infant after the birth of the infant, to provide oral and written resources to the parent or legal guardian; requiring a hospital, before discharging an infant, to ask the parent or legal guardian to describe the sleep environment that will be provided at home; requiring, by January 1, 2025, each hospital to establish a process for providing resources and information about safe sleep environments to parents and legal guardians of infants;  etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Disabled Veteran Registration Plates - Issuance. Description: Authorizing the Motor Vehicle Administration to issue certain special disabled veteran registration plates to disabled veterans who are between 50% and 99%, inclusive, service-connected disabled as designated or classified by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs; prohibiting the Administration from charging certain persons the fee required for replacement registration plates under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Cosmetologists – Licensing – Eyelash Extensions. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Cosmetology to issue a limited license to provide eyelash extension services; altering the definition of "provide esthetic services" to include providing eyelash extension services; and requiring an applicant for a limited license to provide eyelash extension services to be at least 17 years old, have successfully completed a 9th grade education or equivalent, received certain training, and passed a practical examination.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Failure to Pay Rent Proceedings - Shielding of Court Records. Description: Requiring the District Court to shield all court records within 60 days after the final resolution of a failure to pay rent proceeding under certain circumstances; authorizing the District Court to shield all court records relating to a failure to pay rent proceeding, on motion by a tenant, under certain circumstances; requiring the Maryland Judiciary to publish a form titled "Petition to Shield a Failure to Pay Rent Action Record" by October 1, 2024; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Food Supplement Program and Human Services Careers Scholarships - Alterations. Description: Making technical and clarifying changes to the administration of certain food supplement benefits for children; authorizing the Department of Human Services to use certain funding to provide certain matching funds to a county to supplement certain benefits and to offset certain administrative costs; altering certain eligibility and certain requirements for the Pilot Program for Human Services Careers Scholarships; and authorizing the Maryland Higher Education Commission to prorate scholarship repayment under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Eastern Shore Code Counties - Maximum Hotel Rental Tax Rate - Alteration. Description: Increasing, from 5% to 6%, the maximum hotel rental tax rate that counties in the Eastern Shore class of code counties may impose.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Police Accountability - Time Limit for Filing Administrative Charges. Description: Altering a requirement for a law enforcement agency to file administrative charges relating to alleged police officer misconduct that is required to be reviewed by an administrative charging committee within 1 year and 1 day after a complaint is filed; requiring an administrative charging committee or law enforcement agency to file any administrative charges for alleged police officer misconduct that reasonably appears to be the subject of a criminal investigation within a certain period of time; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Personal Care Aides - Wage Reports. Description: Requiring residential service agencies to submit certain reports to the Maryland Department of Labor regarding wage rates for personal care aides on or before September 1 each year, beginning in 2025; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by the 180th day after the release of the final federal Ensuring Access to Medicaid Services rule on an overview of the final rule and plans or steps that the Department will take to operationalize the rule.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Speed Limits - Establishment. Description: Authorizing Anne Arundel County and municipalities in Anne Arundel County to decrease the maximum speed limit to not less than 15 miles per hour on highways after performing an engineering and traffic investigation; and prohibiting Anne Arundel County and municipalities in Anne Arundel County from implementing a new speed monitoring system to enforce speed limits on highways on which the speed limit has been reduced under the Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Missing Persons - Purple Alert Program. Description: Establishing a Purple Alert Program to disseminate information to assist in locating a certain missing person who has a cognitive impairment, mental disorder, intellectual or developmental disability, or brain injury; requiring the Department of State Police to adopt guidelines and develop procedures for issuing a Purple Alert; and authorizing the Department to consult with relevant stakeholders representing citizens with disabilities to develop procedures for the program.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - School Buses - Seat Belts. Description: Requiring the public school safety education program to include student instruction concerning school bus safety and the proper use of seat belts on school buses; requiring that school buses purchased after July 1, 2027, be equipped with 3-point seat belts that are accessible to passengers for every seat on the school bus; and prohibiting a civil action for damages based on a failure of the school bus operator to ensure that an occupant of a school bus was wearing a seat belt.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Work Search Requirement - Exemption for Federal Civilian Employees During a Federal Government Shutdown. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of Labor to exempt a federal civilian employee who has been furloughed from the requirement to be actively seeking work for unemployment insurance benefits eligibility if, during the furlough, the employee remains able to work, available for work, and work-attached.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation - WMATA Operating Assistance - Alteration (Maryland Metro Funding Act of 2024). Description: Repealing, for certain fiscal years, the requirement that the Secretary of Transportation withhold 35% of the State's share of annual operating grants for the Washington Suburban Transit District if the State's operating assistance provided in the approved Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority budget increases by more than 3% over the total operating assistance provided in the prior fiscal year.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Schools - Alterations. Description: Altering certain requirements for community schools and community school coordinators; requiring the Director of Community Schools to create a common needs assessment tool and an evaluation form; requiring a community school coordinator to complete a needs assessment and an evaluation in a certain manner; requiring the State Department of Education to provide feedback on the needs assessment before granting approval; and requiring the coordinator to review and modify the plan implementation periodically.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Local Detention Centers - Reporting on Opioid Use Disorder. Description: Altering a certain requirement that the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services annually report to the General Assembly about opioid use disorder among incarcerated individuals in local correctional facilities by repealing certain reporting requirements.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education – Coaches – Mental Health Training. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to develop guidelines for public schools and the Maryland Higher Education Commission to develop guidelines for public institutions of higher education to train coaches to recognize indicators of mental illness and behavioral distress in students who participate in athletic programs in public schools and public institutions of higher education; requiring public schools and public institutions that offer athletic programs to provide a certain training to coaches; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: County Public Libraries - Minors, Children, and Teens - Prohibited Practices. Description: Prohibiting a county public library from charging a fine for overdue library materials borrowed by a minor or intended for children or teens; prohibiting a county public library from charging a reserve fee for library materials reserved by a minor or intended for children or teens; prohibiting a county public library from prohibiting the borrowing of library materials by a minor or the borrowing of library materials intended for children or teen because of a previous overdue library materials; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prison Education Delivery Reform Commission. Description: Establishing the Prison Education Delivery Reform Commission to develop recommendations relating to education and its impact on the criminal justice system; and requiring the Commission to submit an interim report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by June 1, 2025, and a final report by January 1, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Contractors, Subcontractors, and Brokers - Prohibited Conduct. Description: Prohibiting a person from serving or acting as a contractor, a subcontractor, or a broker between a contractor and subcontractor during the 5-year period immediately following the date the person was convicted of an offense constituting criminal malfeasance, misfeasance, or nonfeasance under any federal or State law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Noise Abatement Monitoring Systems - Pilot Program. Description: Establishing a pilot program to authorize the use of noise abatement monitoring systems in Montgomery County and Prince George's County to enforce certain motor vehicle noise requirements; requiring a county, before activating a noise abatement monitoring system, to publish notice of the locations of the systems on its website; requiring a county that authorizes a noise abatement monitoring program to report to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2025, on the implementation and costs of the program and revenues collected; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law – Adoption of an Adult. Description: Establishing that certain provisions of law requiring the issuance and service of a show-cause order on a prospective adoptee's parents do not apply if the prospective adoptee is an adult; authorizing a court to order, for good cause shown, certain investigations before ruling on certain adoption petitions involving a prospective adoptee who is an adult; and establishing that parental consent to an adoption is not required if the prospective adoptee is an adult.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Attendant Care Program - Ongoing Additional Supports. Description: Altering the purpose of the Attendant Care Program to include the provision of financial assistance for ongoing additional supports that increase an individual's independent performance of essential daily activities and is requested by an eligible individual.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums - Common Elements - Clean Energy Equipment. Description: Authorizing the board of directors of a condominium to grant certain interests affecting the common elements of the condominium for the installation and use of leased clean energy equipment.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Division of Pretrial Detention and Services - Facilities. Description: Altering the composition and authority of the Division of Pretrial Detention and Services within the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services; altering the authority of the Commissioner of the Division; establishing the Youth Detention Center in the Division; establishing the facility administrator and authorizing assistant facility administrators for the Youth Detention Center; and repealing authorization for the Baltimore City Detention Center.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Mortgage Loans - Verification of Ability to Repay. Description: Exempting mortgage loans made by community development financial institutions from certain requirements to verify the borrower's ability to repay.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sustainable Growth Subcabinet and Repeal of the Office of Smart Growth. Description: Repealing the Office of Smart Growth; repealing the position of Special Secretary for Smart Growth; renaming the Smart Growth Subcabinet to be the Sustainable Growth Subcabinet; altering the membership of the Subcabinet; requiring the Subcabinet to review State assistance programs, promote interagency consensus and cooperation, provide advisory and technical assistance to local jurisdictions, and gather and disseminate information to the public related to the State's sustainable growth policy; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Information Technology - Major Information Technology Development Projects. Description: Altering the definitions of "information technology" and "major information technology development project" for the purpose of certain provisions of law governing information processing and security; requiring a unit of State government to submit certain information to the Secretary of Information Technology relating to a major information technology development project; altering certain responsibilities of the Secretary relating to major information technology development projects; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Maryland State Parks - Funds and Plan Alterations. Description: Extending the date by which the Park System Critical Maintenance Fund must be expended to before July 1, 2029; authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to expend up to $400,000 from the Park System Critical Maintenance Fund under certain circumstances; authorizing the Park System Capital Improvements and Acquisition Fund to be used for State projects on lands managed by the Department for public purposes; authorizing the Great Maryland Outdoors Fund to be used for promoting outdoor environmental education in the State; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Grounds for Divorce. Description: Repealing the authority of the court to decree a limited divorce; and altering certain grounds for an absolute divorce.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Administration and Local Health Departments - Death Certificates - Issuance of Copies. Description: Authorizing the Motor Vehicle Administration and local health departments to access electronically from the Maryland Department of Health a copy of a death certificate and, on request, provide any person authorized by regulations with a certified or abridged copy of a death certificate; and authorizing the Administration and local health departments to set and collect a fee for processing and issuing death certificates, subject to certain limitations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Special Registration Plates - Gold Star and Next of Kin Families. Description: Authorizing the recipient of a U.S. Department of Defense Next of Kin lapel button to apply for special registration plates; and waiving the initial vehicle registration fee associated with special registration plates issued to the recipient of a Gold Star or a Next of Kin lapel button.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Physicians and Allied Health Professions - Reorganization and Revisions. Description: Repealing obsolete and redundant language in, clarifying language in, and reorganizing certain provisions of law governing the State Board of Physicians and the regulation of physicians, physician assistants, and allied health professions; altering physician, physician assistant, and allied health professional licensure exceptions for individuals in the service of the federal government; altering the grounds for discipline for physicians, physician assistants, and allied health professionals; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Chesapeake and Atlantic Coastal Bays Critical Area Protection Program – Climate, Equity, and Administrative Provisions. Description: Authorizing the Critical Area Commission to adopt regulations governing the transfer of development rights, fee in lieu payments, the assessment of and adaption of the critical area for climate resiliency, enhancing resilience in the critical area, and environmental justice and equity initiatives; establishing certain considerations of climate change, climate resiliency, and equity as general principles and minimum elements of local programs; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture - Licensing, Registration, Fees and Penalties, and Regulation. Description: Altering and establishing renewal and reinstatement processes for horse establishment licenses; establishing certain duties and administrative penalties with respect to beekeeping activities; altering the administrative penalty structure for certain violations related to nutrient management plans; and altering the renewal process and fee structure for the registration of weights and measures.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources - Pay-For-Success Contracts - Procurement Exemption. Description: Exempting pay-for-success contracts negotiated or entered into by the Department of Natural Resources from certain provisions of the General Procurement Law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commercial Northern Snakehead License – Gear. Description: Repealing certain buffer zones within which a commercial northern snakehead licensee may not fish using bowfishing gear; and requiring a licensee who fishes for northern snakehead to comply with Department of Natural Resources regulations governing the use of gear.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Clean Indoor Air Act - Revisions. Description: Prohibiting vaping in certain indoor areas and places of employment and certain mass transportation; requiring that certain signs be posted in each public indoor area and each public entrance to an indoor area where smoking or vaping is prohibited; requiring the convening of a workgroup to study the issuance of alcoholic beverages licenses to tobacconists; and prohibiting the issuance of a local alcoholic beverages license to a tobacconist from July 1, 2024, to July 1, 2026, both inclusive.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - State Boat Act - Alterations. Description: Altering and repealing certain definitions for purposes of the State Boat Act; repealing certain advertising and public hearing requirements for proposed regulations implementing provisions of the State Boat Act; altering the fees for manufacturer and dealer licenses, certificates of number, Maryland use stickers, and the issuance of certificates of title, transfers of title, or duplicate or corrected certificates of title; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Just Community Designation. Description: Authorizing the Governor, on the recommendation of the Secretary of Housing and Community Development, to designate certain areas as Just Communities based on certain criteria; and providing for the prioritization of State funding for Just Communities to increase racial, economic and health equity in the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Amusement Ride Safety Advisory Board - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Amusement Ride Safety Advisory Board in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board to July 1, 2027; and requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to submit a report to the Joint Audit and Evaluation Committee by July 1, 2025, with certain information regarding the State Amusement Ride Safety Advisory Board.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax - Tax Sales - Revisions. Description: Requiring that certain owner-occupied property be withheld from tax sale; authorizing a county or a municipal corporation to withhold from tax sale certain property designated for redevelopment purposes; altering certain provisions of law concerning abandoned property that is sold for less than the lien amount; altering certain requirements concerning the rate of redemption for owner-occupied properties sold at tax sale; and applying the Act prospectively; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Occupational Safety and Health Act - Civil Penalties - Alterations. Description: Altering certain civil penalties for violations of the Maryland Occupational Safety and Health Act; and requiring the Commissioner of Labor and Industry to annually increase the maximum and minimum civil penalties, beginning in 2025, by the percentage increase, if any, in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers or a successor index published by the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of the Environment - Fees, Penalties, Funding, and Regulation. Description: Authorizing the Department of the Environment to charge a fee for processing and issuing on-site sewage disposal permits and individual well construction permits under certain circumstances; authorizing the Department to establish by regulation a fee for the Responsible Personnel Training Program Certification; requiring a holder of a license to transfer oil into the State to pay a certain fee when oil owned by the licensee is first transferred into the State; establishing the Private Dam Repair Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Credit Regulation - Earned Wage Access and Credit Modernization. Description: Subjecting certain earned wage access products to the Maryland Consumer Loan Law and other provisions that regulate entities that provide consumer credit, revolving credit, and closed end credit; restricting the acceptance of tips by certain lenders under certain circumstances; providing for the licensing or registration of certain entities offering earned wage access products with certain exemptions; limiting the costs and fees associated with obtaining an earned wage access product; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Statewide DNA Database System, DNA Collection, and Penalties - Alterations. Description: Requiring a certain DNA sample to be collected in a certain manner from an individual who is required to register as a sex offender; requiring a DNA sample to be collected by a certain individual or at a certain location under certain circumstances; prohibiting a DNA sample from being tested and placed in a certain statewide DNA database system until certain conditions are met; prohibiting an individual from refusing to provide a DNA sample as required; and requiring certain DNA samples or records to be destroyed and expunged.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Third-Party Service Providers - Examinations. Description: Authorizing the Commissioner of Financial Regulation to examine a third-party service provider as to services and activities performed on behalf of an entity licensed or chartered by the Office of Financial Regulation; requiring the Commissioner to notify a certain licensed person of any examination of any third-party service provider who performs activities relating to financial services on behalf of the licensed person; authorizing the Commissioner to accept the results of an examination by certain entities; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Covered Employment - Employees of Governmental Entities or Charitable, Educational, or Religious Organizations. Description: Specifying that certain limitations on the payment of benefits to employees of governmental entities or charitable, educational, or religious organizations do not apply with respect to service in other covered employment, including covered employment for a for-profit employing unit, even if the service is provided exclusively for a governmental entity or a charitable, educational, religious, or other organization.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Holding Companies - Group Capital Calculation and Liquidity Stress Test. Description: Requiring certain controlling persons of certain insurers in an insurance holding company system to file an annual group calculation as directed by the lead state commissioner of the insurance group; requiring certain controlling persons of certain insurers in an insurance holding company system to file the results of a liquidity stress test for specific data years; providing that certain information is confidential; and authorizing and requiring the Commissioner to take certain actions related to certain information.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cannabis Reform - Alterations. Description: Making alterations and clarifications related to the duties of the Alcohol, Tobacco, and Cannabis Commission, the Office of Social Equity, the Advisory Board on Medical and Adult-Use Cannabis, and the Maryland Cannabis Administration; altering the membership of the Commission; requiring the Advisory Board to elect a chair and removing the Director of the Administration as chair; authorizing processors to provide cannabis to cannabis licensees; providing that certain violations may be charged by a citation; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Waterway Incident Notification System (WINS) - Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Emergency Management to study issues and factors regarding the feasibility of establishing a Waterway Incident Notification System to notify members of the public of certain waterway emergencies; and requiring the Department to submit an interim report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024, and a final report on or before December 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: District Court - Traffic Cases - Surcharges. Description: Increasing from $7.50 to $10.00 the surcharge the District Court is required to add to any fine imposed in certain traffic cases.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Personnel - Collective Bargaining - Supervisory Employees. Description: Providing collective bargaining rights to certain supervisory State employees; and requiring that certain supervisory State employees have separate bargaining units.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Benefits - Election Judges. Description: Prohibiting a payment to an individual as compensation received for serving as an election judge for a local board of elections in the State from being included when computing the wages required to be subtracted from an eligible claimant's weekly benefit amount; and prohibiting an individual from being denied unemployment benefits for failure to meet certain requirements due to service as an election judge in the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Consumer Reporting Agencies - Information in Consumer Credit Reports. Description: Altering the items of information that a consumer reporting agency is prohibited from including in a consumer credit report.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cannabis Licensing and Registration - Use of Straw Ownership - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a person from applying for or holding a cannabis license or registration under certain circumstances if an ownership interest in the license or registration is for the limited purpose of satisfying certain requirements of registration or licensure; and requiring the Maryland Cannabis Administration to deny a certain application or revoke a cannabis license or registration if the applicant, licensee, or registrant is determined by the Administration to be in violation of the Act or convicted of a violation of the Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Intercepted Communications - Penalty. Description: Reclassifying, as a misdemeanor instead of a felony, a certain offense relating to the prohibition against intercepting and disclosing any wire, oral, or electronic communications.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Local Gaming and Authorization for Electronic Tip Jar Dispensers. Description: Authorizing, subject to certain provisions of law, a person that operates a tip jar in Frederick County to operate an electronic tip jar dispenser that does not connect to the Internet or to a server; altering certain obsolete language in provisions of law governing gaming in Frederick County; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Urban State Highways - Speed Limits - Exceptions. Description: Authorizing the State Highway Administration to decrease the maximum speed limit by 5 miles per hour on urban State highways without an engineering and traffic investigation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Government - Condominium and Homeowners Associations - Repair and Rehabilitation Funds. Description: Authorizing a county or a municipality to establish a certain fund for the purpose of providing support for the repair of infrastructure in a community subject to a condominium association or a homeowners association; and requiring that certain property tax revenues be assigned to a fund created under the Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cooperative Housing Corporations, Condominiums, and Homeowners Associations - Funding of Reserve Accounts and Preparation of Funding Plans. Description: Requiring that the annual budget of a cooperative housing corporation, a residential condominium, or a homeowners association include certain funds; requiring that certain funds for certain reserve accounts be deposited on or before the last day of each fiscal year; requiring that certain updated reserve studies be prepared by a certain person; requiring the governing body of a cooperative housing corporation, a residential condominium, or a homeowners association to prepare a certain funding plan subject to certain requirements; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Speed Monitoring Systems - Agencies - Statements and Certificates of Violations. Description: Providing that, for a municipal corporation that does not maintain a police force, a technician employed by an agency may sign the statement alleging a violation recorded by a speed monitoring system that must be included in a citation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Affordable Housing - Identifying Suitable Property. Description: Repealing a requirement that the Department of Housing and Community Development identify certain property as suitable for use or redevelopment; prohibiting the Department from identifying certain property for use or redevelopment as affordable housing; and requiring the Department to consider certain factors when identifying whether a  property is suitable for use or redevelopment as affordable housing.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Provision of Maryland Youth Crisis Hotline Telephone Number - Alteration. Description: Altering the requirement that each county board of education provide certain students with the telephone number of the Maryland Youth Crisis Hotline by instead requiring that each county board of education provide certain students with the telephone number of the 988 Suicide and Crisis Lifeline.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on Property Appraisal and Valuation Equity - Alterations. Description: Moving from October 31, 2023, to October 31, 2024, the deadline for the reporting requirement for the Task Force on Property Appraisal and Valuation Equity; and extending from June 30, 2024, to December 31, 2024, the termination date for the Task Force.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Renters' Property Tax Relief Program - Assets Calculation. Description: Excluding the cash value of any qualified retirement savings plans or individual retirement accounts from the definition of "assets" for purposes of certain property tax relief provided to certain renters; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Visual Surveillance With Prurient Intent - Private Place and Minor Victim. Description: Prohibiting a person from conducting visual surveillance with prurient intent of an individual located in a residence or place of private use or accommodation without the consent of the individual; altering the penalties for the crime of visual surveillance with prurient intent by use of a camera if the victim was a minor at the time of the offense and the offender is at least 4 years older than the victim; and providing penalties for a violation of the Act of imprisonment of up to 5 years or a fine of $2,500 or both.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Contracts - Prohibited Provisions. Description: Prohibiting certain restrictive provisions limiting the power and rights of the State from being included in State contracts; specifying that certain provisions are void if included in a State contract; and specifying the applicable law and interpretation of State contracts.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Crimes - Interception of Wire, Oral, or Electronic Communications - Exception for Imminent Danger. Description: Authorizing a person to intercept a wire, oral, or electronic communication if the person has a good faith belief that the person intercepting the communication or another person is in imminent danger of becoming the victim of a crime of violence, stalking, abuse, or a violation of a protective order.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: County Boards of Education - Bid Advertisement Threshold and Electronic Posting of Hearing Notices and Bid Advertisements. Description: Requiring county boards of education to post on the websites of certain local school systems hearing notices related to preliminary approval of a school site and advertisements for bids for school buildings, improvements, supplies, or equipment that exceed $100,000; increasing, from $25,000 to $100,000, the threshold amount of costs of school buildings, improvements, supplies, or equipment that trigger the requirement for county boards to advertise for bids; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Maryland State Board of Contract Appeals - Attorney's Fees. Description: Authorizing the Board of Contract Appeals to award an interested party reasonable costs of filing and pursuing a protest, including attorney's fees, if an appeal is sustained and there is a violation of law or regulation; and authorizing the Board of Contract Appeals to award a contractor under any State contract the reasonable costs of filing and pursuing a claim, including attorney's fees, if the unit processing the claim acts in bad faith, without justification, or in violation of law.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Office of the Correctional Ombudsman - Establishment and Funding. Description: Establishing the Office of the Correctional Ombudsman; authorizing the Justice Reinvestment Oversight Board to make a recommendation for the distribution of money from the Performance Incentive Grant Fund to the Office; requiring the Office to conduct investigations, reviews, and assessments of administrative acts taken by the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services, by the Department of Juvenile Services, or in relation to individuals confined by either department; providing for the confidentiality of certain communications; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Marriage Ceremony - Designation of Deputy Clerk. Description: Transferring, from the county administrative judge of the circuit court for the county to the clerk of the circuit court for the county, the authority to designate a deputy clerk to perform a marriage ceremony.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Economic Development - Workgroup on Independent Innovation in Prince George's County - Establishment PG 402-24. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Independent Innovation in Prince George's County to promote innovation and technology in the county; and requiring the Workgroup by January 15, 2026, to report on recommendations regarding strategies to support investments in industry opportunities and potential areas of innovation to the Prince George's County Delegation and the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Nonprofit Organizations PG 304-24. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County to issue a Class C (fraternal/sororal/service organization) alcoholic beverages license for use by an independent and nonprofit fraternal or sororal organization that meets certain requirements; authorizing the Board to revoke or suspend a license if a license holder is found guilty of certain violations; and providing for an annual license fee of $910.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cooperative Housing Corporations - Dispute Settlement. Description: Altering procedures for the dispute settlement mechanism under the Maryland Cooperative Housing Corporation Act; applying the dispute settlement mechanism established by the Act to apply to any complaint or demand formally arising on or after October 1, 2023, with a certain exception; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Board of Community College Trustees - Membership Alterations and Appointment Requirements. Description: Increasing by two members the membership of the Board of Community College Trustees for Anne Arundel County; and requiring the Governor to consider the geographic and ethnic representation of Anne Arundel County when making appointments to the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Regulated Firearms - Maryland Judiciary - Reporting Requirements. Description: Repealing and altering a reporting requirement to require the Maryland Judiciary, instead of the State Commission on Criminal Sentencing Policy, to report on the number of charges, convictions, and sentences for certain regulated firearm violations; and requiring by October 1, 2024 and each October 1 thereafter, that the Maryland Judiciary submit its report to the Governor and the General Assembly and include information disaggregated by jurisdiction, race, and gender.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Crimes of Malicious or Fraudulent Burning - Prohibitions and Penalties. Description: Prohibiting a person from committing a certain crime of malicious or fraudulent burning that causes the death of or serious physical injury to a firefighter; and establishing that a person who violates the Act is guilty of a felony and on conviction is subject to imprisonment not exceeding 10 years.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Commission on Climate Change Membership - Addition. Description: Adding the Secretary of Emergency Management, or the Secretary's designee, and the Chair of the Public Service Commission, or the Chair's designee, as members of the Commission on Climate Change.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Uniform Transfers to Minors Act - Transfers as Custodian for the Benefit of a Minor - Authorization of Court. Description: Increasing, from in excess of $10,000 to in excess of $25,000, the threshold amount for certain transfers by a personal representative, trustee, or conservator as a custodian for the benefit of a minor to require authorization by a court.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Interested Person - Definition. Description: Altering the definition of "interested person" for purposes of provisions of law governing the estates of decedents, guardians of persons and property, trusts, and powers of attorney.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Appointment of Personal Representative - Objections. Description: Authorizing only an interested person or unpaid claimant, rather than any person, to file an objection to the appointment of a personal representative of an estate of a decedent.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hunting - Nonresident Sika Deer Stamp - Fee Alteration. Description: Altering the fee for nonresident sika deer stamps from $25 to $200.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Financial Assistance Policies - Revisions. Description: Altering the required contents of a hospital's financial assistance policy by removing the requirement that the provision of reduced-cost medically necessary care and payment plans be in accordance with the mission and service area of the hospital; authorizing hospitals to consider only household monetary assets in excess of $100,000 when determining eligibility for free and reduced-cost care under the hospital's financial assistance policy; and requiring that certain retirement assets be excluded from consideration.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Candidate Expenditures - Campaign-Related Caregiving Expenses. Description: Altering the definition of "expenditure" to include reasonable expenses for caregiving services that a candidate incurs as a direct result of campaign activity and that are necessary to promote the candidacy of the candidate; and defining "caregiving services" as direct care, protection, and supervision of a child or an individual with a disability for whom a candidate has direct caregiving responsibility.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Out-of-State Motor Vehicles - Improper Registration - Report. Description: Requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration, in consultation with Baltimore City and other interested jurisdictions, to prepare a report on motor vehicles owned by Maryland residents that are improperly titled or registered in another state; requiring the Administration to submit a report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Election Disinformation and Improper Influence Related to Voting. Description: Requiring the State Board of Elections to maintain a portal on the State Board's website that the public may use to report election misinformation and election disinformation; requiring the State Board to conduct a periodic review of material submitted by the public through the portal and, to the extent necessary, issue corrective information or refer submissions to the State Prosecutor; and defining "influence" for purposes of certain provisions of law prohibiting improper influence related to voting.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - B-D-7 Licenses - Hours of Sale. Description: Altering a geographic boundary in the 45th alcoholic beverages district of Baltimore City within which a holder of a B-D-7 alcoholic beverages license must operate in accordance with certain hours.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Program - Materials for Individualized Education Program, Individualized Family Service Plan, and 504 Plan Meetings. Description: Requiring a local school system to provide to parents at certain individualized education program, individualized family service plan, and 504 plan meetings for children with disabilities certain written informational materials regarding the Maryland ABLE Program; requiring the State Treasurer to develop informational materials about the Maryland ABLE Program that may be distributed electronically or by hand; and requiring the State Treasurer to provide informational materials to the State Board of Education and county boards.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Bike Lanes and Shoulders - Yielding Right-of-Way (Sarah Debbink Langenkamp Memorial Act). Description: Prohibiting a person from committing a violation of a certain provision of law governing the right-of-way of a bicycle, a motor scooter, or an electronic personal assistive mobility device lawfully in a designated bike lane or shoulder that contributes to the serious physical injury or death of a person riding a bicycle, EPAMD, or motor scooter; and providing that a person convicted of a violation of the Act is subject to imprisonment of up to 2 months or a fine not to exceed $2,000 or both.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Facial Recognition Technology – Requirements, Procedures, and Prohibitions. Description: Establishing requirements, procedures, and prohibitions relating to the use of facial recognition technology by a law enforcement agency;  requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to  administer a training program regarding the use of facial recognition technology by June 30, 2026; requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to report to the General Assembly by October 1 each year the information reported by law enforcement agencies using facial recognition technology; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education - Cost-of-Living Adjustment - Non-State-Supported Employees. Description: Requiring the State to provide to certain non-State-supported employees of the University System of Maryland and Morgan State University 100% of the cost-of-living adjustment the State provides to State employees, beginning in fiscal year 2026; and requiring each institution of higher education listed in the Act to submit a report by December 1, 2028, to the General Assembly on employee hiring and retention.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Prompt Payment of Suppliers. Description: Providing that certain provisions requiring prompt payments for State procurement contracts apply to payments owed by a contractor to a supplier.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Dredged Material - Containment, Redeposit, and Oversight. Description: Requiring the Cox Creek Oversight Committee to provide input to the Maryland Port Administration regarding management of dredged material at the Cox Creek Dredge Material Containment Facility; authorizing the Department of the Environment to approve contained areas at a large redevelopment site for the redeposit of certain dredged material; establishing the Hart-Miller-Pleasure Island Citizens Oversight Committee to monitor the area water quality, and the future development and use of the Hart-Miller-Pleasure Island chain; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Transportation - Vision Zero - Implementation. Description: Establishing certain standards and requirements for implementing the Vision Zero program under the Maryland Department of Transportation; requiring the Department to report to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 31 each year on the status of Vision Zero, the activities, findings, and recommendations of the Vision Zero coordinator, and certain meetings held in the previous year; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Fish and Wildlife - Endangered and Threatened Species - Definitions, Petitions, and Regulations. Description: Requiring certain petitions to review the listing or unlisting of endangered or threatened species to contain certain information regarding the distribution, life needs, habitat requirements, and status of the species; requiring the Secretary of Natural Resources to review and, if warranted, update certain regulations listing endangered or threatened species on or before July 1, 2026, and every 5 years thereafter; and altering the definitions of "fish" and "wildlife" for certain purposes.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Controlled Dangerous Substances and Firearms. Description: Authorizing a person who is at least 21 years age to manufacture a personal use amount of cannabis products or concentrated cannabis for personal use or adult sharing at a private residence if the manufacturing process does not involve the use of a volatile solvent; specifying that manufacturing, distributing, dispensing, or possessing certain large quantities of certain controlled dangerous substances is a felony; altering the penalties for being a volume dealer and drug kingpin with regard to cannabis; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: General Assembly Vacancy - Political Party Central Committees - Procedures. Description: Establishing requirements for the filling of a vacancy in the office of Senator or Delegate in the General Assembly by a central committee of a political party under the Maryland Constitution relating to applications, public notice, public meetings, and voting; and requiring a member of the central committee who has applied to fill the vacancy to recuse themselves from voting on the individual to fill the vacancy.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - 2-1-1 Maryland - Oversight. Description: Defining the term "Health and Human Services Referral System" for the purposes of certain provisions of law governing the System to mean a certain coordinated system for health and human service resources that is accessible to State residents, rather than a certain telephone service; repealing the requirement that the Maryland Department of Health evaluate the performance of certain call centers and make certain recommendations regarding the quality of service provided by call centers; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Pathway to Nursing Pilot Program and Advisory Committee - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Pathway to Nursing Pilot Program in the Maryland Higher Education Commission to support certain students in licensed practical nursing education programs, alleviate the shortage of nursing professionals by increasing graduation and licensure rates, facilitate student applications for certain financial resources, and provide financial assistance to cover certain costs; and establishing the Maryland Pathway to Nursing Advisory Committee to assist in the development of the Program.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: School Bus Stops – Monitoring Cameras and Safety Measures. Description: Requiring a law enforcement agency, under certain cirucumstances, to issue a warning rather than a citation for a failure to stop for a school vehicle that is recorded by a school bus monitoring camera; and requiring the State Highway Administration to develop a certain plan for improved safety measures at certain school bus stops in Montgomery County and to report its findings on or before December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Workgroup on Health and Wellness PG 409-24. Description: Establishing a Workgroup on Health and Wellness in Prince George's County to review and evaluate health and wellness practices, programs, services, and resources in Prince George's County and make recommendations regarding best practices in health and wellness community programming in the county; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Prince George's County Executive, the Chair of the Prince George's County Council, the Governor, and the General Assembly by December 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Petition for Guardianship of the Property of Alleged Disabled Person - Stay of Civil Actions and Proceedings. Description: Authorizing a petitioner to request a stay of certain civil actions or proceedings on the filing of a petition for guardianship of the property of an alleged disabled person; requiring, to effectuate service of process for certain civil actions against an alleged disabled person, the temporary or permanent guardian of the property of the disabled person to be served; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Caroline County - Alcoholic Beverages - Barbershop and Beauty Salon License. Description: Establishing a barbershop and beauty salon beer and wine license in Caroline County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Caroline County to issue the license to a holder of a certain barbershop or beauty salon permit; establishing a licensing fee of $100; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Caroline County – Alcoholic Beverages – Beer, Wine, and Liquor Tasting License. Description: Altering the 1-day beer and wine tasting (BWT) license in Caroline County to be a 1-day beer, wine, and liquor tasting (BWLT) license; altering certain qualifications for the license; and altering the amounts of alcoholic beverages an individual may consume at a tasting.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Stop Sign Monitoring Systems - Authorization PG 301-24. Description: Authorizing the use of stop sign monitoring systems in school zones in Prince George's County, if authorized by local law; providing that the owner or driver of a motor vehicle recorded failing to obey a stop sign is subject to a citation and a certain civil penalty under certain circumstances; establishing certain defenses to a charge of an alleged violation recorded by a stop sign monitoring system; requiring the Prince George's County Department of Public Works and Transportation to make a certain report by December 1, 2025; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Restrictions on Use - Solar Collector Systems - Alteration. Description: Prohibiting a restriction on land use that increases the cost of installing a solar collector system by at least 5% over a certain cost or that reduces the efficiency of the system by at least 10% under a certain energy generation level; authorizing a community association to impose certain restrictions on the installation of solar collector systems in common areas or common elements; authorizing a community association to install a solar collector system in common areas or common elements under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Colleges - Contraception - Access Requirements. Description: Requiring on or before certain dates each community college to develop and implement a plan to provide students with access to over-the-counter contraception; requiring each community college to submit a certain report to the Maryland Higher Education Commission by September 1 each year; requiring the Commission to submit a certain report to the General Assembly on or before October 1 each year; and authorizing the Maryland Department of Health, on request, to provide certain assistance to a community college.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Commission on Civil Rights - Monetary Relief. Description: Altering certain maximum amounts of monetary relief the Maryland Commission on Civil Rights is authorized to award if the Commission finds that a respondent has engaged in a discriminatory act under provisions of law regarding public accommodations and persons licensed or regulated by the Maryland Department of Labor; and requiring, by July 1, 2025, and by each July 1 for the next 4 years, the Commission to submit a report to the Governor and the General Assembly on the impact of the Act on persons against whom complaints were filed.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Recounts - Procedures. Description: Requiring a petitioner for a recount to select the method for conducting the recount; limiting the methods from which the selection must be made; and requiring a local board of elections to preserve and store certain voter-verifiable paper records and conduct a recount in a certain manner.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County and Prince George's County - Rent Court Workforce Solutions Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Rent Court Workforce Solutions Pilot Program in Montgomery County and Prince George's County to provide residential tenants who are facing eviction for a failure to pay rent with information on workforce development and employment opportunities; and requiring by January 1, 2026 and each January 1 thereafter, a designated organization to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on the number of individuals that were connected to workforce development programs or employment opportunities through the Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Port of Baltimore - Renaming. Description: Renaming the Port of Baltimore to be the Helen Delich Bentley Port of Baltimore.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Study on the Feasibility of Relocating the Prince George's County Public School System Headquarters PG 501-24. Description: Requiring the Prince George's County Board of Education to hire an independent consultant to study and make recommendations on the feasibility of relocating the Prince George's County public school system headquarters and to report its recommendations by June 1, 2026; and requiring the County board to cover the cost of the study.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Dietetic Practice - Dietitian-Nutritionists - Application Requirements. Description: Requiring that an individual shall have received at a minimum a degree from a college or university accredited by an educational accrediting association as required by the Commission on Dietetic Registration to be licensed as a dietician-nutritionist.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wildlife - Traveling Animal Acts - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a person from allowing for the participation of a bear, a cougar, an elephant, a jaguar, a leopard, a lion, a nonhuman primate, a tiger, or a hybrid of any of these animals in a traveling animal act; and providing a civil penalty of $2,000 per violation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Emergency Medical Services Board - Licenses and Certificates - Application Requirements. Description: Prohibiting the State Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Board from requiring an applicant to provide proof that the applicant is lawfully present in the United States or have a Social Security number or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number as a condition for licensure or certification; and requiring the EMS Board to require applicants for a license or certificate to disclose certain information or provide alternative documentation and record the information in the applicant's file for a certain purpose.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners in Optometry - Criminal History Records Checks. Description: Requiring an applicant for a license to practice optometry and certain applicants for the renewal of a license to submit to a criminal history records check obtained from the Criminal Justice Information Central Repository of the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services; and providing that information obtained from the Central Repository is confidential, may not be redisseminated, and is to be used only for licensing purposes.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal and Civil Trespass - Professional Land Surveyors - Exception. Description: Establishing exceptions to certain criminal prohibitions against trespass on property and the civil tort of trespass for professional land surveyors, and agents and employees of professional land surveyors, who enter the property of another to practice land surveying.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cosmetology Licensure Compact. Description: Entering into the Cosmetology Licensure Compact; establishing criteria for participating states; authorizing an individual practicing cosmetology to practice in a party state under certain circumstances; establishing the Cosmetology Licensure Compact Commission and its duties and powers; and providing for the amendment of and withdrawal from the Compact.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Real Estate Commission - Complaints - Advertising Violations. Description: Providing that a complaint filed with the State Real Estate Commission alleging an advertising violation may be made anonymously but must be accompanied by documentary or other evidence.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wage Payment and Collection - Pay Stubs and Pay Statements - Required Information. Description: Requiring that a notice containing certain information provided to an employee at the time of hiring be written; requiring that the statement regarding earnings required to be provided to employees by employers be written on the physical pay stub or online pay statement and include certain information; requiring the Commissioner of Labor and Industry to create and make available to an employer at no charge a pay stub template that may be used by an employer to comply with the Act; and establishing a certain administrative penalty.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Meals for Achievement In-Classroom Breakfast Program - Alterations (Maryland Meals for Achievement Flexibility Act of 2024). Description: Clarifying that secondary schools participating in the Maryland Meals for Achievement In-Classroom Breakfast Program may serve breakfast in any broadly accessible part of the school; and authorizing elementary schools participating in the Program, subject to certain approval and allowances, to serve breakfast in any broadly accessible part of the school, including from "Grab and Go" carts.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Information Act – Surveillance Images – Illegal Dumping in Baltimore City. Description: Altering a requirement that a custodian deny inspection of certain surveillance images of illegal dumping in Baltimore City to allow inspection by an employee or agent of the Baltimore City Department of Housing and Community Development; and authorizing the Baltimore City Department of Housing and Community Development to publicly disseminate a surveillance image as part of an investigation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission on African American History and Culture - Museum Name Change. Description: Altering the name of the museum operated by the Commission on African American History and Culture in certain provisions of law from the "Banneker-Douglass Museum" to the "Banneker-Douglass-Tubman Museum".
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Protestant Episcopal Church, Diocese of Washington. Description: Repealing uncodified provisions of law relating to the Protestant Episcopal Church, Diocese of Washington, commonly known as the "Vestry Act"; and providing for the governance of religious corporations in union with the Protestant Episcopal Church, Diocese of Washington.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education - Maryland Dent-Care Program - Eligibility. Description: Expanding eligibility for the Maryland Dent-Care Program to include part-time dentists and dental hygienists who are practicing under a general or limited license; and authorizing the Office of Student Financial Assistance within the Maryland Higher Education Commission, in collaboration with the Maryland Department of Health, to establish prorated loan repayment assistance for part-time dentists and dental hygienists.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Relations - Commission on Civil Rights - Appeal of Final Orders. Description: Providing that a certain final order of the Commission on Civil Rights on a complaint alleging a discriminatory act is appealable in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Community Action Boards. Description: Requiring certain community action boards to meet certain federal requirements for tripartite boards; and repealing certain requirements relating to the composition of community action boards.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Sales and Use Tax on Energy and Fuel - Use of Revenue PG 407-24. Description: Altering a certain provision of law relating to the use of certain revenue from the sales and use tax on energy and fuel in Prince George's County by allowing the revenue to be used to meet certain education funding requirements for the county; and repealing a requirement that the county appropriate a certain amount of local money to the school operating budget each fiscal year.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Utilities – Thermal Energy Network Systems – Authorization and Establishment (Working for Accessible Renewable Maryland Thermal Heat (WARMTH) Act). Description: Requiring gas companies serving at least 75,000 customers in their distribution territories and authorizing gas companies serving fewer than 75,000 customers to develop a plan for a pilot thermal energy network system or systems on or before October 1, 2024; requiring certain gas companies to submit a certain proposal or proposals to the Public Service Commission for approval on or before July 1, 2025; authorizing certain entities or a community organization to submit neighborhoods for consideration as part of a pilot system; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Taxes on Telecommunications Services - Use of Revenue PG 406-24. Description: Authorizing the Prince George's County Council to impose an excise tax on certain telecommunications service in Prince George's County in addition to, or instead of, a sales and use tax; altering a certain provision of law relating to the use of certain revenue from a certain tax on telecommunications services by allowing the revenue to be used to meet certain education funding requirements for the county; requiring the county to submit an annual report detailing the expenditure of revenues generated by a tax imposed by the Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Wellness Checks - Requirements (Gabriel's Law). Description: Requiring a law enforcement agency that receives a certain request for a wellness check of an individual to conduct a wellness check or submit a request for the relevant law enforcement agency to conduct a wellness check without unreasonable delay; and requiring a fire, rescue, or emergency medical services entity to conduct the wellness check simultaneously with the law enforcement agency if the request concerns a life-threatening condition.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Marriage - Confidential Communication. Description: Clarifying that "spouse" includes a former spouse for purposes of disclosure of confidential communications occurring during marriage; and establishing that a spouse, who is the alleged victim, is competent to disclose a confidential communication between spouses occurring during their marriage in a criminal action in which one spouse is charged with a crime against the other spouse.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health Law - County Mental Health Advisory Committees - Membership. Description: Altering the membership of a county's mental health advisory committee by including an individual with experience with mental health care for veterans or individuals serving in the military on the list of groups from which individuals may be appointed to the committee by the governing body of the county.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Equitech Growth Fund - Alterations. Description: Specifying that the Equitech Growth Fund in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation may be used only to make certain awards and to pay the costs of administering the Fund.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Reports on Standing Orders and Opioid Overdose Reversal Drugs. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to report to certain committees of the General Assembly on current opioid overdose reversal drugs and, for any current opioid overdose reversal drug approved by the federal Food and Drug Administration, whether the Department has added the drug to a standing order and, if not, the reasons why the drug has not been added; and requiring the report to be submitted by December 1, 2024, December 1, 2025, and December 1, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Speed Monitoring Systems - Publication of Notice MC 19-24. Description: Repealing in Montgomery County the requirement that a local jurisdiction publish notice of the location of a speed monitoring system in a newspaper of general circulation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Administration - Clarification and Technical Correction. Description: Clarifying that the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System may pay certain incentive compensation to the Chief Investment Officer for the State Retirement and Pension System if the Chief Investment Officer retires from the Investment Division of the State Retirement Agency in a certain manner; and correcting a certain incorrect reference of an age restriction applying to certain members of the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System who participate in the Deferred Retirement Option Program (DROP).
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - Active Shooter Safety Drills or Trainings - Requirements. Description: Requiring the Maryland Center for School Safety to collaborate with an institution of higher education or a designated federal or national research entity to study the effectiveness and impact of active shooter safety drills or trainings by researching and analyzing data collected by local school systems; requiring the Center to identify best practices for active shooter safety drills or trainings on or before October 1, 2024; requiring local school systems to provide parents with the annual schedule of active shooter safety drills; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Grant Applications and Reporting - Maryland Efficient Grant Application Council - Alterations. Description: Altering the composition of the Maryland Efficient Grant Application Council by removing the Director of the Governor's Grants Office or the Director's designee and adding the Comptroller or the Comptroller's designee; requiring the Council to study and make recommendations to the Department of Budget and Management regarding the creation of a State Grants Ombudsperson by July 1, 2025; altering certain reporting requirements; and extending the termination date of the Council to June 30, 2029.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Automatic Tip Prompt Screen - Requirements. Description: Requiring certain businesses that use a point-of-sale system that automatically prompts a customer to leave a tip to disclose to whom the tip will be allocated and display a tip amount that is set at zero by default; and establishing that a violation of the Act is an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State and Local Parks - Play Area Accessibility - Recreation Communication Boards Pilot Program. Description: Requiring the Department of Natural Resources and local governing bodies to construct communication boards in certain newly constructed public play areas; defining "communication board" as a device that displays photos, symbols, or illustrations to enable individuals with limited language skills to communicate; establishing the Maryland Recreation Communication Boards Pilot Program, subject to funding, to improve play area accessibility by covering the cost of purchasing and installing communication boards at State and local parks; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Housing Opportunities Commission - Alterations MC 3-24. Description: Repealing the requirement that the Housing Opportunities Commission of Montgomery County hold public hearings on assisted family housing proposals; and repealing the requirement that the Montgomery Commission publish a summary of the Montgomery Commission's annual financial report in certain newspapers.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Advanced Practice Registered Nurse Compact. Description: Entering into the Advanced Practice Registered Nurse Compact; establishing criteria for participating states; authorizing an advanced practice registered nurse to practice in a party state under certain scope of practice rules; establishing the Interstate Commission of APRN Compact Administrators and its duties and powers; providing for the amendment of and withdrawal from the Compact; providing that the Compact is contingent on the enacting of substantially similar legislation in six other states; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Places of Public Accommodation - Motion Picture Houses - Captioning. Description: Requiring all motion picture houses to offer closed movie captioning for each screening of a motion picture, with a certain exception; and requiring, if a motion picture is produced and available to motion picture houses with open movie captioning, a place of public accommodation that controls, operates, owns, or leases a motion picture house with eight or more screens in the State to provide open movie captioning for at least two screenings for each motion picture it screens each week.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Next Generation Scholars of Maryland Program - Program Administrator - Alterations. Description: Altering the administrator of the Next Generation Scholars of Maryland Program to be the Maryland Higher Education Commission rather than the State Department of Education; and requiring the Department to assist the Commission with the review of applications and the selection of nonprofit organizations to administer the Program in local school systems.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Schools - Rental Assistance for Community School Families Program and Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Rental Assistance for Community School Families Program to provide rental assistance to eligible student households; requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development, in consultation with the State Department of Education, to administer the Program; establishing the Rental Assistance for Community School Families Fund; authorizing the Governor to include an appropriation of $10,000,000 in the annual budget bill for the Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Veterans Affairs - Renaming and Deputy Secretary of Military Family Policy and Programs. Description: Renaming the Department of Veterans Affairs to be the Department of Veterans and Military Families; renaming the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to be the Secretary of Veterans and Military Families; requiring the Secretary to appoint a Deputy Secretary of Military Family Policy and Programs; and providing that the Department of Veterans and Military Families is the successor of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts and Judicial Proceedings and Criminal Procedure - Technical Corrections - References to Intellectual Disability. Description: Replacing references to mental retardation with references to an intellectual disability in certain provisions of law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Persons Providing Lobbyist Compensation – Statement of Political Contributions – Exemption for Nonprofits. Description: Exempting nonprofit organizations qualified under § 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code from the requirement for a person providing lobbyist compensation to file a statement of political contributions with the State Board of Elections.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Support - Incarcerated Obligors. Description: Authorizing a court, if an obligor becomes incarcerated, to determine that a material change of circumstances warranting a modification of child support has occurred, provided that the party's ability to pay child support is sufficiently reduced due to the incarceration.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Voter Registration - Age and Notification to Minors. Description: Altering, from 16 years old to 15 years and 9 months old, the age at which an individual may register to vote; requiring that a voter notification card sent to an individual under the age of 18 years include information regarding when the individual will be eligible to vote; and requiring the election director in the county where a registered voter under the age of 18 years becomes eligible to vote to send a notice that the voter is eligible to vote and information on the voting methods and locations available to the voter.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Zero Emission Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Council - Membership. Description: Codifying provisions relating to the Maryland Zero Emission Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Council; altering and clarifying the composition of the Council to include certain public and private sector members; requiring the Council to submit interim reports of its work to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024, and December 1, 2025; and requiring the Council to submit a final report of its work and recommendations by June 30, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Registration - Exceptions for Golf Carts - Cobb Island. Description: Establishing exceptions to motor vehicle registration requirements for golf carts on Cobb Island in Charles County; requiring an operator of a golf cart on a highway on Cobb Island without a certain registration to operate the golf cart only on a highway with a maximum posted speed limit of 30 miles per hour and between dawn and dusk; requiring the vehicle to be equipped with certain lighting devices and to be kept to the far right of the roadway; and requiring the operator to possess a valid driver's license.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax Credit - Venison Donation. Description: Allowing an individual, subject to certain requirements and limitations, to claim a credit against the State income tax for certain qualified expenses if the individual harvests an antlerless deer and donates the deer meat to certain organizations; limiting the amount of credits an individual may claim to a maximum of $300; and requiring by January 31 each year each venison donation program that received certain donations to report certain information about each donor who intended to claim the credit to the Comptroller.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Korean American Day. Description: Requiring the Governor annually to proclaim January 13 as Korean American Day; and requiring the proclamation to urge certain organizations to observe Korean American Day properly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Comprehensive Flood Management Grant Program - Funding for Underserved and Overburdened Communities. Description: Requiring at least 40% of funding provided under the comprehensive flood management grant program to be used for projects located in or directly benefiting underserved or overburdened communities; and authorizing the Governor to include in the annual State budget an appropriation of up to $20,000,000 for the comprehensive flood management grant program in fiscal year 2026 and each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Assistance for Low-Income Marylanders - Funding. Description: Requiring the Comptroller, beginning in fiscal year 2025, to distribute a certain amount of abandoned property funds to the Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders Fund; requiring the Governor to include $800,000 in the annual budget for the CASH Campaign of Maryland to award grants for providing certain tax assistance through on-demand and mobile tax clinics; and requiring certain tax clinics to interact with the CASH campaign to ensure sufficient access to tax preparation services for low-income Maryland residents.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Individual Tax Preparers - Code of Ethics, Notification of Actions, Enforcement, and Penalties (Stop Scam Tax Preparers Act). Description: Requiring the State Board of Individual Tax Preparers to publish on the Board's website a certain code of ethics and rules of professional conduct by January 1, 2026; requiring the Board to notify the Comptroller and the Field Enforcement Bureau of a violation within 5 business days after the Board determines that the violation has occurred; granting certain employees of the Bureau certain powers, duties, and responsibilities for enforcing laws pertaining to income tax preparation; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax – Technical Corrections. Description: Repealing certain obsolete provisions of law concerning the distribution of income tax revenue; and correcting a certain erroneous cross-reference.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Disclosure of Tax Information - Tax Compliance Activity and Binding Data Use Agreements. Description: Altering the definition of "tax information" for purposes of law governing the confidentiality and disclosure of tax information; authorizing, subject to certain limitations, the disclosure of certain tax information to certain tax compliance organizations and governmental entities to assist the Comptroller in tax compliance activity; requiring the Comptroller to require the party to whom the information is to be disclosed to enter into a written, binding agreement regarding the use and security of the tax information; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Comptroller - Electronic Tax and Fee Return Filing Requirements. Description: Requiring, for periods beginning after December 31, 2026, that returns for certain taxes and fees collected by the Comptroller be filed electronically, subject to certain exceptions; altering certain requirements for electronic filing of returns for certain taxes; prohibiting a certain tax return preparer or software company from charging a separate fee for the electronic filing of certain tax documents; and prohibiting a software company from selling different versions of the same tax software under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Synthetic Turf - Disclosure and Study. Description: Requiring a producer or seller of synthetic turf to disclose to a customer typical maintenance practices and costs for removing, replacing, and disposing of synthetic turf; and requiring the Department of the Environment, in consultation with representatives of the industry, local environmental and community stakeholders, and synthetic turf producers, retailers, and users, to conduct a study on the synthetic turf industry in the State and report its findings to certain committees of the General Assembly by July 1, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Protection of Identity of Minor Victim. Description: Providing that a court or a party in a criminal or juvenile delinquency case may not disclose or allow inspection of an electronic or paper court filing to a nonparty to the case unless the court or the party disclosing or allowing inspection of the filing redacts all identifying information relating to a minor victim that appears in the filing, unless the court finds by clear and convincing evidence that there is good cause to order otherwise.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Administration – State Administrator, Local Boards, and Election Directors. Description: Requiring the State Board of Elections to evaluate the performance of the State Administrator of Elections; requiring the State Administrator to provide a performance evaluation of the election director of each local board of elections to the local board; requiring each local board to confer with the State Administrator in appointing an election director, maintain a warehouse, and provide for early voting center expenses; requiring, rather than authorizing, election directors to take certain actions; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health - State Advisory Council on Quality Care at the End of Life - Renaming. Description: Renaming the State Advisory Council on Quality Care at the End of Life to be the State Advisory Council on Serious Illness Care.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations – Practice Audiology – Definition. Description: Altering the definition of "practice audiology" for the purposes of certain provisions of law governing the licensure and regulation of audiologists to include certain procedures that do not require anesthesia.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workplace Fraud and Prevailing Wage - Violations - Civil Penalty and Referrals. Description: Increasing, from $5,000 to $10,000, the maximum civil penalty for the knowing failure of an employer to properly classify an individual as an employee; and requiring the Commissioner of Labor and Industry, on a showing by clear and convincing evidence that a violation has occurred,  to refer to the Comptroller, certain State's Attorneys, the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Labor, and the U.S. Department of the Treasury complaints that allege a violation of certain tax laws.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission to Advance Lithium-Ion Battery Safety in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Commission to Advance Lithium-Ion Battery Safety in Maryland to study and make legislative, regulatory, programmatic, or other recommendations regarding certain best practices, standards, and guidelines; requiring the Commission to submit an interim progress report to the Legislative Policy Committee by December 1, 2024; and requiring the Commission to submit a final report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Postelection Procedures. Description: Altering the records and documents that a board of canvassers is required to investigate under certain circumstances; altering the responsibilities of the State Administrator, the State Board of Elections, and the Board of State Canvassers regarding the certification of election results; authorizing the members of the Board of State Canvassers to appoint certain designees to serve on the Board of State Canvassers; and altering the responsibilities of the Governor regarding election results.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - School Mapping Data Program - Established. Description: Establishing the School Mapping Data Program in the Maryland Center for School Safety; providing that the purpose of the Program is to provide funds to local school systems to produce school mapping data for each public school and public charter school in the county to assist first responders in responding to emergencies at a school; authorizing the use of the Safe Schools Fund to provide funding to local school systems for the program; and requiring a certain custodian of records to deny inspection of school mapping data.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education - Undocumented Students - Out-of-State Tuition Exemption Eligibility. Description: Altering, from 3 years to 2 years, the number of years before an academic year for which an individual or the individual's parent or guardian must file taxes to be eligible to receive an out-of-state tuition exemption.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Open-Source Phonics Matching Grant Program - Establishment (Open-Source Phonics Matching Grant Program Act). Description: Establishing the Open-Source Phonics Matching Grant Program within the State Department of Education to provide free, open-source phonics learning materials to be used by adults to tutor students; requiring the Department to periodically review the open-source phonics learning materials to ensure the materials are consistent with best practices in literacy education, including the science of reading; and requiring the Governor each fiscal year to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $150,000 to the Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Forensic Genetic Genealogical DNA Analysis and Search - Applicability for Deceased and Missing Individuals. Description: Providing that certain provisions of law regarding the use of a certain forensic genetic genealogical DNA analysis and search (FGGS) do not apply when the FGGS is conducted solely for the purpose of identifying an individual who is deceased or the subject of a certain missing person report and whose whereabouts are unknown.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Residential Leases and Holdover Tenancies - Local Good Cause Termination Provisions. Description: Authorizing a county, including Baltimore City, to adopt by local law or ordinance provisions prohibiting certain landlords of residential property from failing to renew a lease or from terminating a holdover tenancy without good cause; and establishing certain requirements for a local law or ordinance adopted in accordance with the Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Land Installment Contracts - Requirements and Vendor Duties and Limitations. Description: Requiring the vendor to provide a purchaser under a land installment contract with the results of a title search for the property at or before the time the purchaser signs the contract; requiring the inclusion of certain notice, terms, and recitals in a land installment contract formed in the State; altering, from 40% to 20%, the percentage of the original cash price of a land installment contract that the purchaser must pay before the purchaser may demand a grant of the deed to the property to the purchaser; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Antlerless Deer Hunting Programs - Authorization. Description: Authorizing a person to receive a raffle ticket for each antlerless deer hunted by the person during a certain raffle program that has as its objective the hunting of antlerless deer.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Health - Prohibition on Transfer of Human Immunodeficiency Virus - Repeal. Description: Repealing the prohibition on an individual from knowingly transferring or attempting to transfer the human immunodeficiency virus to another individual.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Property Sales - Contract Disclosures - Superfund Sites. Description: Requiring the seller of residential real property located within 1 mile of a National Priorities List (NPL) Superfund site to provide the buyer with an addendum to the contract for the sale of the property that contains the identification of the Superfund site, the definition of an NPL Superfund site, web addresses for certain websites, and a notice that the buyer may void the contract of sale within 5 days after signing and dating the contract of sale.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - State Library Resource Center - Funding. Description: Altering the calculation of certain funding for the State Library Resource Center for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification for Donations to Diaper Banks and Other Charitable Entities - Sunset Extension. Description: Extending the termination date applicable to a subtraction under the Maryland income tax for certain donations to diaper banks and other charitable entities; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, but before January 1, 2027.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Department of Assessments and Taxation and Department of General Services - Property Appraisal Aids - Geographic Images. Description: Requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to prepare, install, and maintain certain appraisal aids that consist of a database of statewide and local geographic images; requiring the Department of General Services to procure for the State a certain uniform system that includes any tools or services needed to prepare, maintain, and install the appraisal aids; and requiring each county and Baltimore City to reimburse the State for certain costs of the database geographic images.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Baltimore County School Board Nominating Commission - Publishing and Meetings Requirements. Description: Requiring the Baltimore County School Board Nominating Commission to publish the names of the candidates for appointment to the Baltimore County Board of Education on the Commission's website before interviewing the candidates; requiring meetings of the Commission that involve action on a candidate for appointment to the county board to be public; and requiring certain meetings of the Commission to be held without the public in attendance and recorded and for the recording to be provided within 48 hours of receiving a request for the recording.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Sexual Crimes - Definition of Consent and Repeal of Force. Description: Requiring certain facts to be considered when determining whether a lack of consent exists for the purposes of determining certain sexual crimes; altering the elements of second-degree rape to remove the requirement of use of force or threat of force; and requiring the Maryland Judiciary to report to the General Assembly, beginning October 1, 2024, and each October 1 thereafter, certain data for the preceding calendar year, disaggregated by county and offender age, race, and sex.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Access to Counsel in Evictions Program - Mandated Reports. Description: Altering the information relating to the Access to Counsel in Evictions Program required to be reported by the Maryland Legal Services Corporation each year to include disaggregation by case type, the amount paid to attorneys for each case managed, the geographic distribution of cases, the disposition of cases decided, the amount of State and federal funds allocated to each designated organization, and the number of individuals provided legal representation for multiple cases.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Private Dental Offices - Infection Control. Description: Requiring each owner of a private dental office to designate a licensed dentist to be the supervising dentist for the private dental office; requiring a supervising dentist to complete the registration required by the State Board of Dental Examiners and be responsible for all infection control activities within the private dental office; authorizing the Board to charge a fee for the registration of a supervising dentist under the Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charter Counties - Enforcement of Local Laws. Description: Increasing from $1,000 to $5,000 the maximum amount of a civil or criminal fine that may be imposed by a charter county to enforce certain local laws enacted by the county.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Planning - Maryland Humanities Council - Appropriation to the Marilyn Hatza Memorial Strengthening the Humanities Investment in Nonprofits for Equity (SHINE) Grantmaking Initiative. Description: Authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $1,000,000 each year to the Department of Planning to be used as a grant to the Maryland Humanities Council for the Marilyn Hatza Memorial Strengthening Humanities Investment in Nonprofits for Equity (SHINE) Grantmaking Initiative; and requiring the Maryland Humanities Council to select, award, and report on grants to qualifying nonprofit organizations under the SHINE Grantmaking Initiative.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Electric Companies - Regional Transmission Organizations - Membership and Report (Utility Transparency and Accountability Act). Description: Requiring a certain electric company to be a member of a regional transmission organization; and requiring a certain electric company, by February 1 each year, to submit a report to the Public Service Commission regarding certain votes cast by the electric company and any of its affiliates at a meeting of the regional transmission organization.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sexual Harassment Prevention Training - Morgan State University and St. Mary's College of Maryland - Training Format. Description: Providing that a certain required sexual harassment prevention training for employees of Morgan State University and St. Mary's College of Maryland may consist of webinar, computer-based, or online training if the training includes a certain evaluative component.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany and Garrett Counties - Property Tax - Credit for Construction of Housing. Description: Authorizing the governing bodies of Allegany County and Garrett County and municipal corporations located in Allegany County and Garrett County to grant, by law, a property tax credit on certain newly constructed dwellings; prohibiting the tax credit from exceeding $10,000; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Children - Labor Trafficking. Description: Altering the definition of "abuse" to include labor trafficking of a child by any individual for purposes of provisions of law governing children in need of assistance cases and child abuse and neglect reporting; expanding provisions of law relating to the Safe Harbor Regional Navigator Grant Program to apply to child victims of labor trafficking; and requiring the Department of Human Services to include labor trafficking in its annual report on child sex trafficking to the Governor and the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Contract Liens - Medical Debt. Description: Prohibiting the creation of a lien on owner-occupied residential property by contract or as a result of a breach of contract for the payment of medical debt.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Facade Improvement Program - Eligible Funding Recipients. Description: Expanding the eligible recipients of funding provided by the Department of Housing and Community Development under the Business Facade Improvement Program to include community development organizations that serve at least one sustainable community and apply for funds.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Bicycles - Operation at Intersections. Description: Authorizing a person operating a bicycle that is approaching a stop sign at an intersection on a highway with two or fewer lanes for moving traffic to cautiously make a turn or proceed through the intersection without stopping if the person reduces the speed of the bicycle to a reasonable rate and yields the right-of-way to certain vehicles under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Fish and Fisheries - Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring certain persons licensed or regulated with respect to fish and fisheries by the Department of Natural Resources to submit reports in accordance with regulations adopted by the Department.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Work Zone Speed Control Systems - Revisions (Maryland Road Worker Protection Act of 2024). Description: Altering the distribution of revenue from civil fines collected through the use of work zone speed control systems; altering the highways on which a work zone speed control system may be used; clarifying that a system operator does not need to be present when a work zone speed control system is in use; altering the maximum penalty for a civil citation issued as a result of an image from a work zone speed control system; requiring the State Highway Administration to make a certain report; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup to Study the Fiscal and Operational Viability of Public-Private Partnerships for Calvert County Public Schools. Description: Establishing a Workgroup to Study the Fiscal and Operational Viability of Public-Private Partnerships for Calvert County Public Schools; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Board of Calvert County Commissioners, the Calvert County Board of Education, the Interagency Commission on School Construction, and the Calvert County Delegation on or before December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - Student Telehealth Appointments - State Guidelines, Policies, and Access. Description: Requiring, by December 31, 2024, the State Department of Education and the Maryland Department of Health jointly to adopt certain State guidelines for school health services regarding student access to telehealth appointments during the school day on the premises of public middle and high schools in the State; and requiring each county board of education to adopt and implement a certain student telehealth policy before the start of the 2025-2026 school year.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Orphans' Court Judges - Restriction on Practicing Law. Description: Altering a prohibition on judges of the orphans' court acting as attorneys to prohibit a judge of the orphans' court from acting as an attorney in matters related to the administration of an estate or a guardianship of a minor within the jurisdiction of the court in any county or Baltimore City, or the preparation of an estate plan or estate planning documents that might come within the jurisdiction of the court in any county or Baltimore City following the death of any individual.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Services – Parole Supervision Fees and Drug and Alcohol Abuse Test Payment – Repeal. Description: Repealing the requirement for the Maryland Parole Commission to assess a fee against an individual on parole and supervised by the Division of Parole and Probation under certain circumstances; and repealing  authorization for the Division of Parole and Probation to require a supervisee of the Division who is on parole to pay for certain drug or alcohol abuse testing under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Development Administration - Live Near Your School Program - Extension. Description: Extending the termination date for the Live Near Your School program and a related homebuyer program from September 30, 2024, to September 30, 2030.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Land Use – Affordable Housing – Zoning Density and Permitting (Housing Expansion and Affordability Act of 2024). Description: Establishing the Historic Property Revitalization Director as a position in the Department of Housing and Community Development; prohibiting a local legislative body from prohibiting the placement of certain manufactured homes or modular dwellings in a zoning district that allows single-family residential uses under certain circumstances; requiring local jurisdictions to allow an increase in density of certain qualified projects in certain districts or zones for certain properties; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Institutions of Higher Education - Student Withdrawal Policy - Reimbursement of Tuition and Fees (Cameron Carden Act of 2024). Description: Requiring each public institution of higher education to adopt a policy to authorize a student to withdraw from the institution under extenuating circumstances and to refund the student for tuition and fees paid by the student for a certain semester under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Student Loan Assistance Repayment Program for Educators - Established. Description: Establishing the Anne Arundel County Student Loan Assistance Repayment Program for Educators to assist in the repayment of certain student loans owed by educators who meet certain eligibility requirements; providing that the purpose of the Program is to attract, recruit, and retain a diverse cadre of qualified educators in the County's schools that is reflective of the student population; establishing requirements for applicants for assistance in the repayment of a commercial loan; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Human Services - Children in Foster Care - Luggage. Description: Requiring the Department of Human Services to establish and maintain a decentralized supply of new luggage to be used to transport the personal belongings of a child in foster care; requiring the Department to provide new luggage to a child in foster care who is entering foster care, moving from one placement to another, or exiting foster care; prohibiting the Department from using disposable bags or trash bags to transport a child's belongings; and requiring the Department to maintain certain records.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Sexual Extortion, Stalking, and Revenge Porn - Statute of Limitations and In Banc Review. Description: Altering the statute of limitations applicable to the crime of sexual extortion to be 5 years; altering the statute of limitations applicable to the crime of stalking to be 10 years; providing that the State may institute a prosecution for revenge porn at any time; and providing that, for purposes of the Maryland Constitution, a person who commits revenge porn shall be deemed to have committed a misdemeanor whose punishment is confinement in the penitentiary and may reserve a point or question for a certain in banc review.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Janet L. Hoffman Loan Assistance Repayment Program - Nancy Grasmick Public School Professional Award - Public School Nurses. Description: Expanding the Nancy Grasmick Public School Professional Award within the Janet L. Hoffman Loan Assistance Repayment Program to include public school nurses who are licensed as registered nurses, provide health services in public schools, and are employed by a county school system or a local health department to provide health services through an agreement with a county board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on Responsible Use of Natural Psychedelic Substances. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Responsible Use of Natural Psychedelic Substances to study existing laws, scientific data, and practices related to the use of natural psychedelic substances; requiring the Task Force to make recommendations regarding any changes to State law, policies, and practices needed to create a program that enables broad, equitable, and affordable access to psychedelic substances; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before July 31, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Statute of Limitations - Prosecution or Enforcement of Local Consumer Protection Codes. Description: Increasing from 1 year to 3 years the statute of limitations for the prosecution or suit for enforcement of local consumer protection codes.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Expungement - Vendor Contracts. Description: Requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to include system upgrades required to allow for automated expungement of charges and partial expungement of charges in certain vendor contracts.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Automated Enforcement Citations and Notices - Mailing Addresses. Description: Requiring that citations and notices issued as a result of automated enforcement under the Maryland Vehicle Law be sent to the current mailing address on file with the Administration or if a mailing address is not available, the current residential address on file with the Administration.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Protective Orders - Stalking and Permanent Protective Orders. Description: Expanding the definition of "person eligible for relief" under the domestic violence statutes to include an individual who alleges that the respondent committed stalking under certain circumstances; and altering certain provisions of law relating to the issuance of a permanent protective order.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax Exemption - Aircraft Parts and Equipment - Repeal of Reporting Requirement and Extension of Sunset. Description: Repealing a certain reporting requirement relating to an exemption from the sales and use tax for certain materials, parts, and equipment used to repair, maintain, or upgrade aircraft or certain aircraft systems; and extending the termination date of the exemption to June 30, 2030.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Primary and Secondary Education - Comprehensive Health Education Framework - Established. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, in collaboration with the Maryland Department of Health, to develop a comprehensive health education framework; requiring each county board of education to create an age-appropriate curriculum that is consistent with the comprehensive health education framework; requiring each county board to establish policies, guidelines, and procedures for a parent or guardian to opt out of a certain topic for the parent's or guardian's student, subject to certain requirements; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tree Expert Licenses - Application and Renewal Fee Alterations and Insurance Requirements. Description: Specifying the maximum amounts of fees for a tree expert license established by the Department of Natural Resources by regulation; authorizing the Department to permanently revoke or temporarily suspend a tree expert license if the license holder fails to maintain liability, property, or workers' compensation insurance in a certain manner; and requiring the Department to prepare an annual report on the number of licenses issued and certain receipts and expenses and submit the report to the General Assembly by November 1 each year.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Special Chesapeake Bay and Coastal Sport Fishing License - Nonresidents - License Fee. Description: Increasing the license fee for a special Chesapeake Bay and coastal sport fishing license for nonresident license applicants from $50 to $100.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Investigation of Suspected Homicide - Reporting. Description: Requiring the Department of State Police to investigate any death of an incarcerated individual suspected to be a homicide that occurs while the individual is in the custody of the Division of Correction whether within or outside a correctional facility; and requiring the Department, by December 31 each year, to report to the Governor and the General Assembly the number of investigations completed and the number of cases referred by the Department for prosecution for the preceding calendar year.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Intercepted Communications - Penalty. Description: Reclassifying, as a misdemeanor instead of a felony, a certain offense relating to the prohibition against intercepting and disclosing any wire, oral, or electronic communications.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commission on State and Local Government Real Property Bearing Confederate Names. Description: Establishing the Commission on State and Local Government Real Property Bearing Confederate Names to develop and implement a framework to identify real property owned by the State or a political subdivision that bears a Confederate name; and requiring the Commission to make recommendations regarding the real property that should be renamed and report its findings to the Governor, the Mayor and City County of Baltimore City, the governing body of each county, and the General Assembly by October 1, 2031.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Online Data Privacy Act of 2024. Description: Establishing generally the manner in which a controller or a processor may process a consumer's personal data; authorizing a consumer to exercise certain rights in regards to the consumer's personal data; requiring a controller of personal data to establish a method for a consumer to exercise certain rights in regards to the consumer's personal data; making a violation of the Act an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice that is subject to enforcement and penalties under the Maryland Consumer Protection Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Community Health Worker Appreciation Day. Description: Requiring the Governor to annually proclaim May 8th as Community Health Worker Appreciation Day; and requiring the proclamation to urge educational and cultural organizations to observe community health workers with informative programs and activities.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Credit Eligibility and Transfer of Credits - English as a Second Language Courses (Credit for All Language Learning (CALL) Act). Description: Requiring a public community college to consider a course or program for English as a second language or English language learner as eligible for world language or humanities credit toward an associate's degree if the course is not classified as remedial; requiring the transferability of world language credits earned by students who transfer from community colleges to institutions of higher education; and requiring institutions of higher education to review and consider the transfer of certain credits for language or humanities courses.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family and Medical Leave Insurance Program - Modifications. Description: Modifying provisions of law governing application, administration, and enforcement of the Family and Medical Leave Insurance Program, including provisions related to the payment of contributions, the calculation of the average weekly wage, the submission of claims for benefits, the application of the Program to self-employed individuals, the Family and Medical Leave Insurance Fund, the satisfaction of Program requirements through private employer plans or insurance, and the use of contributions or other funding.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Citizens Committee for the Enhancement of Communities Surrounding Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport - Membership. Description: Altering the membership of the Citizens Committee for the Enhancement of Communities Surrounding Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport by increasing the total number of members from 11 to 12 and requiring the Committee to include one member each from legislative districts 12A and 12B instead of one member from legislative district 12.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victim Compensation - Alterations (Victim Compensation Reform Act of 2024). Description: Altering the composition of the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board; altering certain duties, powers, and procedures for the Board to make awards to victims of crime; altering the powers and duties of certain employees; altering the amount and types of awards the Board is authorized to make to certain victims of crime; authorizing reconsideration and judicial review of decisions of the Board; authorizing the Governor to include certain funding in the annual budget bill for the Criminal Injuries Compensation Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health - Assisted Outpatient Treatment Programs. Description: Authorizing each county to establish an assisted outpatient treatment program by July 1, 2026; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to establish an assisted outpatient treatment program in a county that does not opt to establish the program by July 1, 2026; requiring the Office of the Public Defender to provide representation in assisted outpatient treatment proceedings; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Study on the Establishment of a Homeless Shelter Licensing Program. Description: Establishing the Study on the Establishment of a Homeless Shelter Licensing Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development; requiring the Study to review current habitability and admissions standards of homeless shelters in the State; and requiring the Study to report to a certain Assistant Secretary in the Department and certain committees in the General Assembly by July 1, 2025, its recommendations on habitability and admission standards and a plan to establish a program in the Department to license homeless shelters.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Time to Serve Act of 2024. Description: Increasing, from 15 to 30, the maximum number of days of disaster service leave for employees in the Executive Branch of State government; and increasing, from 15 to 30, the maximum number of days of paid leave the Secretary of Budget and Management may provide for uniformed services training or active uniformed services duty in a reserve unit of the armed forces or organized militia.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Permits, Licenses, and Certificates - Processing (Transparent Government Act of 2024). Description: Requiring each principal department and independent unit to create a  catalog of information relating to permits, licenses, and certificates issued by the department or independent unit and to submit the catalog to the Governor on or before October 1, 2024; requiring each department and independent unit to post certain completed information relating to permits, licenses, and certificates on the website of each department or independent unit by October 1, 2025; and establishing the Government Efficiency Commission.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Entrepreneurial Innovation Programs - Establishment (Pava LaPere Legacy of Innovation Act of 2024). Description: Establishing the Pava LaPere Innovation Acceleration Grant Program in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to provide grants to technology-based start-up companies founded by students from institutions located in the Baltimore-Columbia-Towson Metropolitan Statistical Area; establishing the Baltimore Innovation Initiative Pilot Program within the Maryland Innovation Initiative of the Corporation; requiring certain appropriations for the programs to be included in the annual budget bill in certain fiscal years; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Center for Firearm Violence Prevention and Intervention - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Center for Firearm Violence Prevention and Intervention in the Maryland Department of Health to reduce firearm violence, harm from firearm violence, and misuse of firearms in the State by partnering with federal, State, and local agencies and affected communities to implement a public health approach to firearm violence reduction; requiring the Center to submit to the Governor and the General Assembly by May 1, 2025, a preliminary State Plan for a Public Health Approach to Reducing Firearm Violence; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation - Occupational Disease Presumptions - First Responders (Caring for Public Employees in the Safety Professions - CAPES Act). Description: Providing that certain firefighters, fire fighting instructors, rescue squad members, advanced life support unit members, and members of the Office of the State Fire Marshal who have thyroid, colon, or ovarian cancer are presumed, under certain circumstances, to have an occupational disease that was suffered in the line of duty and is compensable under workers' compensation law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Protecting Election Officials Act of 2024. Description: Prohibiting a person from knowingly and willfully making a threat to harm an election official or an immediate family member of an election official because of the election official's role in administering the election process; and establishing that a person who violates the Act is guilty of a misdemeanor and on conviction is subject to imprisonment not exceeding 3 years or a fine not exceeding $2,500 or both.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Weinberg Center/New Spires Arts Stages Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Altering the Class C (Weinberg Center) beer, wine, and liquor license in Frederick County to be the Class C (Weinberg Center/New Spires Arts Stages) beer, wine, and liquor license; expanding the licensed premises to include the New Spires Arts Stages; altering the officials who may sign a certain license application; authorizing the license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor at an event held by an outside group that has rented the Weinberg Arts Center or the New Spires Arts Stages; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Manufacturer's Limited Beer, Wine, and Liquor Permit. Description: Establishing a manufacturer's limited beer, wine, and liquor permit in Frederick County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue a permit to holders of certain manufacturer's licenses; establishing that the permit authorizes the holder to allow a licensed caterer or other contracted party to provide sealed beer, wine, and liquor products not manufactured by the holder during private events for on-premises consumption; and requiring the Board to adopt certain regulations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Municipal Golf Course License. Description: Authorizing the Frederick County Board of License Commissioners to issue a municipal golf course license to an official of the City of Frederick designated by the Mayor of the City of Frederick; and authorizing the Board to transfer the license to a different city official designated by the Mayor under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Dorchester County - County Applicants - Polygraph Examination. Description: Exempting applicants for employment as a paramedic or an emergency medical technician with Dorchester County or as a 9-1-1 specialist at the Dorchester County 9-1-1 Center from the prohibition on employers requiring or demanding that an individual submit to or take a polygraph examination as a condition of prospective employment.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Judgeships - Circuit Courts. Description: Altering the number of resident judges of the circuit courts by adding one additional judgeship in Prince George's County.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Destroying Funerary Objects and Cemetery Elements - Statute of Limitations and Prohibition. Description: Extending from 1 year to 3 years the statute of limitations for prosecutions relating to destroying funerary objects and other elements of a cemetery to begin at the time local authorities knew or reasonably should have known of the violation; and prohibiting a person from willfully destroying, damaging, defacing, or removing a funerary object or another structure in a cemetery or landscaping or part of the grounds of a cemetery.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Legal Advertisement or Legal Notice in Dorchester County - Publication in Newspaper or Newspaper in General Circulation - Digital Newspapers. Description: Establishing for the publication of certain notices in Dorchester County that any required advertisement or notice be published and distributed through print and digital format; providing that if there is no print and digital publication meeting all the qualifications under the Act, the advertisement or notice may be placed in any digital publication that can be accessed in Dorchester County and that regularly contains local news and information for Dorchester County; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Growing Apprenticeships and the Public Safety Workforce (GAPS) Act. Description: Altering the Law Enforcement Cadet Apprenticeship Program in the Maryland Department of Labor to be the Public Safety Apprenticeship Program; expanding the purpose and scope of the Program to promote careers with certain public safety agencies; altering the eligibility criteria and the types of grants to be awarded under the Program; requiring the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to develop certain mental health wellness policies to be implemented in certain law enforcement agencies and correctional facilities; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Discrimination - Military Status - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting discrimination based on military status with regard to housing and employment.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Community Investment Corporation - Establishment (Housing and Community Development Financing Act of 2024). Description: Establishing the Maryland Community Investment Corporation as an independent unit to make investments and financial assistance available in certain low-income communities in the State; expanding the eligible uses of the Strategic Demolition and Smart Growth Impact Fund to include grants and loans for credit enhancement for certain projects; requiring that members of the investment committee to be geographically representative of the locations of low-income communities in the State; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Street Racing and Exhibition Driving – Prohibited Acts, Enforcement, and Penalties. Description: Altering certain penalties and points assessments for certain motor vehicle violations related to participation in a race or speed contest; prohibiting a person from engaging in exhibition driving on any highway or private property that is used for driving by the public; establishing certain affirmative defenses to a certain charge of exhibition driving; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Employment Discrimination – Sexual Orientation. Description: Altering certain provisions of law prohibiting employment discrimination on the basis of sex and gender identity to also prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Online Products and Services - Data of Children (Maryland Kids Code). Description: Requiring a certain entity that offers an online product reasonably likely to be accessed by children to complete a certain data protection impact assessment by April 1, 2026, under certain circumstances; requiring certain privacy protections for certain online products; prohibiting certain data collection and sharing practices; authorizing certain monitoring practices to allow a child's parent or guardian to monitor the child's online activity or location without providing an obvious signal to the child; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Families Serve Act of 2024. Description: Authorizing employers to grant a preference in hiring and promotion to spouses of eligible service members; and requiring the appointing authorities in the Executive Branch of State government to apply a credit of 10 points on any selection test for eligible military spouses and veterans of uniformed services.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Recreational Vehicle Dealer Agreements. Description: Requiring recreational vehicle dealers to hold a dealer agreement with a recreational vehicle manufacturer to sell the manufacturer's recreational vehicles in the State; establishing licensing requirements for a recreational vehicle manufacturer, distributor, or factory branch; altering the required terms and conditions of a recreational dealer agreement; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Colleges - Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship - Requirements. Description: Establishing that applicants for a Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship are not subject to certain requirements of the scholarship application process if the applicant enrolls in a noncredit vocational certificate program, enrolls in a sequence of noncredit courses leading to licensure or certification, or participates in a registered apprenticeship program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Public Libraries - Collective Bargaining (Library Workers Empowerment Act). Description: Authorizing employees of public libraries to form, join, and participate in an employee organization and engage in certain other activities related to collective bargaining; requiring employers and certified exclusive representatives to engage in good faith bargaining; establishing a collective bargaining process for employees of public libraries; prohibiting employers and employee organizations from engaging in certain actions regarding the exercise of an employee's rights under the Act; applying the Act prospectively; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electronic Transactions Protection Act - Repeal. Description: Repealing the Electronic Transactions Protection Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Highways - Maximum Speed Limits MC 10-24. Description: Repealing the requirement that a local authority in Montgomery County perform an engineering and traffic investigation before decreasing the maximum speed limit on a highway; and authorizing a local authority in Montgomery County to implement new speed monitoring systems on a portion of highway for which the speed limit has been decreased only after a certain period of time after the decrease in the speed limit is implemented.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Recreational Catching of Oysters or Clams - Requirements. Description: Altering certain authorizations to recreationally catch clams in the State; establishing a recreational oyster license; requiring an applicant for a recreational oyster license to be at least 16 years of age; requiring the Department of Natural Resources to use a part  of the application fees collected to replenish public fishery oysters bars; requiring the Department to issue complimentary or discounted recreational oyster licenses; authorizing certain individuals to catch oysters without a license under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Private Home Detention Monitoring – Notification. Description: Requiring a private home detention monitoring agency to notify the court within 24 hours after a defendant subject to home monitoring as a condition of pretrial release has violated a condition of home detention monitoring; requiring a private home detention monitoring agency to notify the Division of Parole and Probation within 24 hours after an individual subject to home monitoring as a condition of probation has violated a condition of home detention monitoring; and
authorizing certain civil penalties for failure to give notice.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Prohibited Behavior on School Grounds and Property - Application. Description: Specifying that provisions of law prohibiting and penalizing certain disruptive and threatening behavior on certain school grounds and property do not apply to students who commit offenses at the institution they attend or students who commit offenses at another institution while participating in or attending a sporting event or other extracurricular program sponsored at that institution.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Police Recruitment and Retention Workgroup. Description: Establishing the Police Recruitment and Retention Workgroup to study issues and factors potentially contributing to recruitment challenges and the decline in police officer retention statewide; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 30, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Sexual Abuse and Assault Awareness and Prevention Program - Human and Sex Trafficking. Description: Requiring that a certain program on the awareness and prevention of sexual abuse and assault include, for students in grades 6 through 8, material promoting the awareness and prevention of human and sex trafficking.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Stadium License Annual Fee. Description: Reducing the annual fee for a stadium beer, wine, and liquor license in Harford County from $10,000 to $7,000.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Reporting Agencies - Records of Criminal Proceedings - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting consumer reporting agencies from including in a consumer report certain records relating to a criminal proceeding involving a consumer; and prohibiting consumer reporting agencies from relying on  information in certain criminal proceedings concerning the consumer to make a determination of the creditworthiness of a consumer.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Board of Trustees - Responsibilities and Duties. Description: Clarifying the topics that may be included in certain training required for each trustee on the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System; providing that the Board of Trustees may satisfy a requirement to provide each member and retiree in the several systems with a personal statement that includes certain information about the several systems and the member's or retiree's benefits by providing each member and retiree the information through an online portal.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Automatic Voter Registration - State Correctional Facilities. Description: Altering the definitions of "automatic voter registration agency" and "applicable transaction" for the purpose of designating the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services as an automatic voter registration agency and requiring the Department to register qualified individuals to vote when they are released from confinement at a State correctional facility; and requiring the Department to implement an automatic voter registration system on or before January 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Clinical Marriage and Family Therapists - Reciprocal Licensure Requirements. Description: Altering the licensure requirements that the State Board of Professional Counselors and Therapists may waive, and the circumstances under which the requirements may be waived, for applicants for a license to practice clinical marriage and family therapy in the State who are licensed or certified to practice clinical marriage and family therapy in another state, territory, or jurisdiction.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Consumer Price Index - Definition. Description: Updating the definition of "Consumer Price Index" to replace the 1967 index with the 1982-1984 index as the reference used by the State Retirement and Pension System for certain calculations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Service Credit. Description: Repealing a requirement for certain transfers of service to be calculated under a certain formula; correcting a reference to a contribution rate for transfers of service into the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System; and providing for eligibility and service credit in the Employees' Pension System for certain contractual employment by certain members.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Golf Simulator Facility. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue a Class GSF (golf simulator facility) license to a golf simulator facility under certain circumstances; authorizing the license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption under certain circumstances; requiring the license holder to submit an annual gross sales report to the Board before a license may be renewed; and establishing an annual license fee of $1,500.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Barbershop and Beauty Salon License. Description: Establishing a barbershop and beauty salon beer and wine license in Harford County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the license to the holder of certain business permits; requiring the holder of the license to purchase alcoholic beverages from the holder of a manufacturer's license or a wholesaler's license and comply with certain record-keeping and reporting requirements; and establishing an annual license fee of $750.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center – Student Information – United States Census Bureau. Description: Authorizing the Governing Board of the Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center to authorize the Center to send student information to the United States Census Bureau.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Performing Arts Nonprofit Organization License. Description: Establishing in Harford County a performing arts nonprofit organization beer, wine, and liquor license that authorizes the holder to sell or serve beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption at up to three locations designated at the time of application; requiring the holder of the license to comply with certain record-keeping and reporting requirements; establishing an annual license fee of $750; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County - Property Tax Credit - Evergreen Heritage Center. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Allegany County or a municipal corporation in Allegany County to grant, by law, a property tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on property that is owned by the Evergreen Heritage Center.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Curbside Voting. Description: Requiring each local board of elections, at least 6 months prior to each statewide primary election, to designate an outside location for curbside voting, subject to the approval of the State Board; requiring a local board to take into account certain factors when determining a location for curbside voting; establishing requirements governing curbside voting; and requiring the State Board and local boards to emphasize in communicating with the public and voters that curbside voting is primarily an accommodation for disabled and elderly voters.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Police Auxiliary and Reserve Volunteers. Description: Increasing, from $5,000 to $7,000, a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for an individual who is a qualifying police auxiliary or reserve volunteer.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property and Casualty Insurance – Pet Insurance – Regulation. Description: Establishing requirements and prohibitions for pet insurance policies that are issued to a resident of the State or are sold, solicited, negotiated, or offered in the State, including disclosure requirements and requirements and prohibitions related to wellness programs; and requiring the Maryland Insurance Administration, on or before June 1, 2025, to develop informational material about pet insurance policies that may be disseminated to and posted by veterinary practitioners.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Child Support - Actual Income. Description: Altering the definition of "actual income" to include certain amounts of nontaxable, earned income from an employer, the amount of federal, State, and local, taxes, including Medicare taxes and any amount required to be withheld under the Federal Insurance Contributions Act, that would have been withheld if the income were taxable for purposes of child support calculations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Equal Pay for Equal Work - Wage Range Transparency. Description: Altering the requirement that an employer disclose certain wage information to an applicant for employment; requiring an employer to disclose certain wage information in certain postings and to certain employees at certain times; requiring an employer to set the wage range disclosed in good faith; requiring the Commissioner of Labor and Industry to develop and make available to employers a form that an employer may use to comply with certain wage disclosure requirements; prohibiting certain retaliatory action by an employer; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Labor - Report on Apprenticeship Mentoring Ratios. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to submit a report to the General Assembly that analyzes the apprenticeship mentoring ratio for all nontraditional apprenticeable occupations in the State; and requiring the Department to submit the report to the General Assembly by October 1, 2024, with recommendations for strategies to streamline the expansion of apprenticeship ratios for all newly registered nontraditional apprenticeship occupations for purposes of meeting the goals of the Apprenticeship 2030 Commission.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Beer, Wine, and Liquor Tasting Permit. Description: Establishing a beer, wine, and liquor tasting permit in St. Mary's County; authorizing the Board to issue the permit only to a holder of a Class A license; authorizing the holder to allow the on-premises consumption of beer, wine, and liquor for tasting purposes only; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Motor Vehicle Registration - Exception for Golf Carts. Description: Establishing an exception to motor vehicle registration requirements under certain circumstances for golf carts in certain areas in St. Mary's County; authorizing the St. Mary's County Board of Commissioners to designate certain county highways where the maximum posted speed limit does not exceed 30 miles per hour on which a person may operate a golf cart; and requiring a person who operates a golf card to have a valid driver's license, drive only between dawn and dusk, and equip the vehicle with certain lighting devices.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary’s County – Alcoholic Beverages – Nonprofit Performing Arts Theater License. Description: Establishing in St. Mary's County a performing arts theater beer and wine license that authorizes the holder to sell or serve beer and wine in certain performing arts theaters at retail for on-premises consumption; and establishing an annual license fee of $300.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Victims of Domestic Violence Program - Certification and Grant Fund. Description: Requiring a victims of domestic violence program to be certified by the federally recognized State domestic violence coalition as a comprehensive domestic violence program; establishing the Victims of Domestic Violence Program Grant Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund in the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services; requiring interest earnings of the Fund to be credited to the Fund; and allowing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $5,000,000 to the Fund.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Large Family Child Care Homes and Child Care Centers - Child Care Teachers - Minimum Age. Description: Requiring that certain regulations governing the registration and operation of large family child care homes and the licensing and operation of child care centers require that child care teachers be at least 18 years old.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Court Personnel - Protection of Personal Information (Judge Andrew F. Wilkinson Judicial Security Act). Description: Authorizing a certain protected individual or the Office of Information Privacy in the Administrative Office of the Courts to request that a governmental entity or person not publish personal information of the individual on the Internet, social media, or social networks or remove the information from any existing publication; specifying certain procedures for the protection of personal information of a protected individual; authorizing certain relief for a violation of the Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Speed Monitoring Systems - High-Risk Highways MC 15-24. Description: Authorizing the placement and use of speed monitoring systems on highways in Montgomery County that are at high risk for certain motor vehicle crashes; prohibiting the placement and use of speed monitoring systems on certain highways in Montgomery County; requiring the fines collected by Montgomery County or by a municipal government in Montgomery County as a result of violations enforced by a speed monitoring system to be used to fund the study, design, and construction of certain safety-related projects; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program - State Supplement. Description: Lowering the minimum age from 62 to 60 years old that a member of a household must be for eligibility for a State-provided supplemental benefit under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; and increasing the amount of the supplemental benefit that the State must provide from $40 to $50.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Crimes Relating to Animals - Conviction and Sentencing. Description: Establishing that certain crimes relating to animals do not include certain activities; establishing that each animal harmed in a violation of a prohibition against animal cruelty is a separate offense and shall be deemed an individual victim for purposes of the sentencing guidelines stacking rule; establishing that a conviction for a crime relating to animals may not merge with a conviction for any other crime based on the act establishing the violation; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Sheriff - Salary. Description: Making the salary of the Sheriff of Anne Arundel County equal to the salary of a captain in the Anne Arundel County Police Department at step 20 in the pay scale, beginning in calendar year 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation - Benefits - Hearing Loss. Description: Altering the frequencies in which industrial noise must be for an employer to be required to provide workers' compensation to a covered employee for hearing loss; altering the method used to determine the percentage of hearing loss deafness for purposes of workers' compensation; and altering the method used to determine the deduction required to be made to allow for the average amount of hearing loss from nonoccupational causes in the population for purposes of calculating workers' compensation benefits for occupational deafness.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Right to Try Act - Individualized Investigational Treatments. Description: Altering certain provisions of law authorizing certain activity by manufacturers of investigational drugs, biological products, or devices under the Right to Try Act to apply to manufacturers of certain individualized investigational treatments; altering the definition of "eligible patient" under the Right to Try Act to include individuals who have life-threatening or severely debilitating illnesses, rather than only individuals who have terminal illnesses; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Higher Education - Communities of Interest - Targeted Recruitment and Outreach Efforts. Description: Altering certain principles of public higher education in the State to include a principle that public higher education in Maryland should be committed to promoting diversity and inclusion at certain institutions by attracting and graduating a diverse student body committed to service; requiring certain public senior higher education institutions to adopt a certain written policy related to targeted recruitment and outreach efforts in certain communities of interest; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Security Systems Technicians - Applicants - Authority to Practice. Description: Providing that an applicant for registration to provide security systems services may provide security system services and have access to circumventional information if the applicant applied for registration, received an application number confirming receipt, and the application was not rejected by the Secretary of Labor.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Nuclear Power Plants - Emergency Preparedness (Radiation and Emergency Preparedness and Protection Act). Description: Establishing the Radiation Emergency Response Program in the Department of the Environment; requiring the Department to serve as an offsite response organization and the lead State agency for all nuclear incidents within the State; requiring the Department to prepare a technical emergency radiation response plan, respond to emergencies involving a nuclear power plant, participate in a certain federal program, and procure certain specialized equipment; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland Aerospace and Technology Commission. Description: Establishing the Maryland Aerospace and Technology Commission in the Department of Commerce to promote innovation in the fields of space exploration and commercial aerospace opportunities, including the integration of space, aeronautics, and aviation industries into the economy of the State; requiring the Commission to develop a strategic plan; requiring the Commission to designate aerospace and technology zones in the State; requiring the Commission to submit a certain report by October 1 each year; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Charles County – Governing Bodies of Common Ownership Communities – Member Training. Description: Requiring each member of a board of directors or officer of a council of unit owners of a condominium in Charles County and each member of a governing body of a homeowners association in Charles County to successfully complete a certain training curriculum in a certain manner and subject to certain requirements.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Historical Trust - Historical and Cultural Museum Assistance Program - Funding. Description: Altering prohibitions on grants from the Maryland Historical Trust; authorizing the Governor beginning in fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter, to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $5,000,000 to the Trust to be used to provide grants to museums under the Historical and Cultural Museum Assistance Program.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Electric Vehicles – Repeal of Excise Tax Credit and Establishment of Rebate Program. Description: Repealing the electric vehicle excise tax credit; establishing the Electric Vehicle Rebate Program; requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to establish a website to administer the rebate program; requiring a participating dealer to provide a rebate to an eligible buyer at the time the buyer purchases an eligible vehicle; requiring the Administration to reimburse a dealer for rebates provided by the dealer; providing that the "total purchase price" of the vehicle may not be reduced by the amount of the rebate; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County - Adult Protective Services Review Board - Membership. Description: Altering the membership of the Adult Protective Services Review Board in Charles County to authorize the appointment of a physician's assistant or nurse practitioner in the field of psychiatry to serve on the board instead of a psychiatrist.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Renters' Rights and Stabilization Act of 2024. Description: Establishing the Office of Tenant and Landlord Affairs in the Department of Housing and Community Development to provide certain educational resources and information to tenants; requiring the Office to develop and publish a Maryland Tenants' Bill of Rights; requiring the most recently published version of the Maryland Tenants' Bill of Rights to be included as part of a residential lease; limiting the maximum security deposit required by a residential lease to 1 month's rent, except under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Primary and Secondary Education - Breakfast and Lunch Programs - Universal Expansion Report. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, on or before December 1, 2024, to report to the General Assembly on the cost to provide free breakfast and lunch to all students in public schools in the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate Brokers – Commercial Transactions – Buyer’s Rights. Description: Establishing certain requirements and prohibitions for commercial real estate transactions related to a buyer's right to make certain title, settlement, and escrow selections.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Election Judges - Revisions. Description: Requiring the State Board to develop and implement a marketing campaign to recruit individuals to serve as election judges; authorizing a local board to supplement the marketing campaign implemented by the State Board; requiring that a county employee who serves as an election judge during hours that the employee is scheduled to work receive certain administrative leave and certain election judge compensation; requiring the State Board to adopt certain regulations related to service as an election judge; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Consumer Protection - Sale and Resale of Tickets. Description: Requiring the listing for a ticket and each step of a transaction to purchase a ticket to disclose certain information, including the total price of the ticket with fees and taxes; prohibiting a reseller from selling or offering to sell tickets for more than the total price of the initial ticket; limiting the fee to 10% of the total price of the initial ticket that a secondary ticket exchange may charge for the service of providing a marketplace for the resale of a ticket; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wage and Hour Law - Minor League Baseball Players - Exemption. Description: Exempting minor league baseball players who are compensated under the terms of a collective bargaining agreement that expressly provides for the wages and working conditions of employees from the Maryland Wage and Hour Law.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Cooperative Housing Corporations, Condominiums, and Homeowners Associations - Virtual Meetings. Description: Requiring a person conducting a meeting of a cooperative housing corporation, condominium, or homeowners association by telephone conference, video conference, or similar electronic means to provide a participant a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting; requiring certain participants in a meeting of a cooperative housing corporation, condominium, or homeowners association to have equal access to any available chat function; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Licensed Real Estate Brokers - Branch Offices - Designation of Managers. Description: Authorizing a licensed real estate broker to designate himself or herself as the manager of a branch office maintained by the licensed real estate broker.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation – Household Goods Movers – Special Fund and Fees. Description: Establishing the Household Goods Movers Registration Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund in the Maryland Department of Labor; requiring the Secretary of Labor to annually calculate certain costs; authorizing the Department to set by regulation certain fees based on certain calculations; prohibiting certain fees from increasing annually by more than 12.5% of certain existing and corresponding fees; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Fishing and Hunting Licenses and Trout Stamps - Complimentary Licenses and Stamp Exemption - Veterans Determined to be Unemployable. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to issue certain complimentary fishing and hunting licenses to certain veterans who the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs determines are unemployable; and exempting certain veterans who the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs determines are unemployable from the requirement to obtain a trout stamp.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County – Deputy Clerk or Deputy Sheriff – Oath of Office. Description: Requiring that every deputy clerk or deputy sheriff in Carroll County take and sign the oath or affirmation prescribed by the Maryland Constitution.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Attorney General - Rights of Residents of Health Care Facilities - Injunctive Relief. Description: Authorizing the Attorney General to seek injunctive relief on behalf of the State on the basis of an imminent or ongoing violation of certain rights of residents of certain health care facilities; requiring that the resident bill of rights for assisted living program residents include certain rights; and prohibiting the Attorney General from duplicating certain corrective action by the Maryland Department of Health.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacy Benefits Managers - Definition of Purchaser and Alteration of Application of Law. Description: Altering the definition of "purchaser" for the purpose of certain provisions of State insurance law governing pharmacy benefits managers to exclude certain nonprofit health maintenance organizations; and repealing certain provisions that restrict applicability of certain provisions of law to pharmacy benefits managers that provide pharmacy benefits management services on behalf of a carrier.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Qualified Resident Enrollment Program (Access to Care Act). Description: Requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to establish and implement the Qualified Resident Enrollment Program to facilitate the enrollment of qualified residents in qualified plans; providing that the operation and administration of the Program may include functions delegated by the Exchange to a third party; and providing that the implementation of the Program is contingent on approval of a certain waiver application amendment.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Public Middle Schools - Instructive Program on Collateral Consequences of a Criminal Conviction. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to develop an instructive program on the collateral consequences of a criminal conviction for public middle school students in the State that shall aim to teach students in grades 6 through 8 about the collateral consequences of a criminal conviction in a short period of time; and providing for the method of administering the instructive program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Control Over Powers of Police Commissioner. Description: Repealing a prohibition on certain Baltimore City ordinances or acts of certain municipal officials from conflicting, impeding, obstructing, hindering, or interfering with the powers of the Baltimore City Police Commissioner; and making a portion of the Act contingent on the passage and ratification, by a certain date, of a certain Baltimore City Charter amendment.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Licensing Fees. Description: Increasing certain licensing fees for alcoholic beverages in Baltimore City.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Municipalities - Vagrancy - Repeal of Authority to Prohibit. Description: Repealing the authority of a municipality to prohibit vagrancy.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Slow Moving Vehicles - Right-Hand Lane. Description: Repealing a certain provision of law that applies the requirement that slow moving vehicles drive in the right-hand lane or lanes only to certain highways in certain geographic areas; and altering the standards under which the State Highway Administration is required to inform drivers of the requirement.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Licensed Home Improvement Contractors - Liability Insurance. Description: Increasing from $50,000 to $500,000 the amount of general liability insurance that an applicant for a home improvement contractor license or a licensed home improvement contractor must maintain.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Frederick County - Property Tax Credit for Property Located in Historic District - Alterations. Description: Repealing certain requirements for the amount and duration of a tax credit against the property tax imposed on certain improved real property owned by the Emmitsburg Civic Association and located in a historic district in Frederick County; authorizing the governing body of Frederick County to provide, by law, for the amount and duration of the credit and certain other matters relating to the credit; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Northwest Baltimore County Sports Tourism Facility - Feasibility Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Stadium Authority to conduct a certain feasibility study for developing, establishing, and operating a  sports tourism facility at Reisterstown Regional Park in northwest Baltimore County; requiring the Authority to consult with certain governments, stakeholders, and entities; and requiring the Authority to submit a final report of its findings, conclusions, and recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 31, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Stadium License. Description: Authorizing the holder of a stadium license in Frederick County to sell liquor for on-premises consumption in addition to beer and wine; and increasing the annual license fee for a stadium license in the county from $2,000 to $2,500.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Promoter's Permit. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue a promoter's permit to a certain for-profit organization under certain circumstances; authorizing a permit holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor at an event; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations – Definitions, Emergencies, and Outstanding Stock – Revisions. Description: Altering certain definitions as they relate to certain Maryland business entities; authorizing a corporation to adopt certain emergency bylaws; authorizing a corporation to take certain actions during an emergency; limiting the liability of certain persons for certain corporate acts taken during an emergency; and clarifying when certain stock is outstanding.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Obscured or Modified Registration Plates. Description: Prohibiting a person from obscuring or modifying a vehicle registration plate in a manner that may prevent identification; and authorizing a police office to enforce the Act only as a secondary action.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Application and Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring an application for investment by the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to include an option for an applicant to provide certain demographic information of the applicant and the geographic area of the applicant's primary place of business; requiring the Corporation to submit a certain report to the Governor, the Maryland Economic Development Commission, and the General Assembly by October 1 each year concerning certain applicant and investment activities and certain demographic and geographic information; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Social Work Examiners - Board Membership and Certified Social Worker Licenses. Description: Altering the membership of the State Board of Social Work Examiners; and repealing obsolete references to certified social worker licenses.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: General Provisions - State Flag - Casket of an Eligible Decedent. Description: Requiring the Secretary of State to furnish a State flag to drape the casket of an eligible decedent; establishing the process for a State flag to be claimed after burial; providing that only one flag may be provided for the death of an eligible decedent; and prohibiting the Secretary of State from procuring a flag that is not wholly produced in the United States.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians - Supervised Medical Graduates and Cardiovascular Invasive Specialists (Bridge to Medical Residency Act). Description: Authorizing a supervised medical graduate to provide delegated duties under direct supervision in accordance with regulations adopted by the State Board of Physicians; prohibiting an individual from practicing as a supervised medical graduate for more than 2 years; and repealing the termination of certain provisions of law relating to delegation of duties by licensed physicians to cardiovascular invasive specialists.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Advanced Practice Registered Nurses - Professional Liability Insurance Coverage - Notification Requirements. Description: Requiring advanced practice registered nurses practicing as an advanced practice registered nurse in the State to notify patients in writing if the nurse does not maintain professional liability insurance coverage or if the coverage has lapsed and not been renewed; requiring that the notification be provided at certain visits and as part of certain informed consents, signed by a patient at certain times, and retained as part of the advanced practice registered nurse's patient records; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of Legislative Audits - Local School Systems - Report. Description: Requiring each local school system, on or before November 1 of the third year of a 6-year audit cycle, to submit a report to the Joint Audit and Evaluation Committee on the status of implementation of corrective actions to address repeat findings and recommendations identified by the Office of Legislative Audits in the most recent audit; and requiring each local school system to publish the report on its website.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - School Bus Stops MC 6-24. Description: Prohibiting, beginning December 31, 2026, the location of a school bus stop on any highway with five or more undivided traffic lanes in Montgomery County unless a school crossing guard is posted or a certain traffic control device is placed at the school bus stop.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B Beer, Wine, and Liquor License - Off-Premises Consumption MC 9-24. Description: Authorizing the holder of a certain Class B beer, wine, and liquor license in Montgomery County to sell beer and wine in sealed containers with the manufacturer's original seal for off-premises consumption under certain circumstances; and authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Montgomery County to adopt certain regulations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission on Hate Crime Response and Prevention - Membership. Description: Altering the membership of the Commission on Hate Crime Response and Prevention.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Lottery Fund - Bus Rapid Transit Fund Distribution and Prince George's County Blue Line Corridor Facility Fund - Alterations. Description: Repealing a certain limitation on the State Lottery Fund distribution  and allocating an amount equal to $27,000,000 each fiscal year to the Bus Rapid Transit Fund for bus rapid transit system grants; adding an authorized use for the Prince George's County Blue Line Corridor Facility Fund; requiring the Maryland Stadium Authority, by December 15, 2024, to submit to certain committees of the General Assembly a report on all public and private development activities currently under construction in the Blue Line Corridor; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Credit for Hotel or Residential Development Projects. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to grant, by law, a tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on real property that is used for certain hotel or residential development projects; and altering eligibility for a certain property tax credit in Wicomico County against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on real property that is used for certain hotel or residential development projects.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County - Roadside Solicitation of Money or Donations - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a person from standing in a roadway, median divider, or intersection to solicit money or donations from the occupant of a vehicle in Calvert County.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Judges' Retirement System - Special Death Benefit. Description: Establishing a line-of-duty special death benefit for members of the Judges' Retirement System; providing for health benefits for a surviving spouse, child, or dependent parent who is receiving a special death benefit for the death of a member of the Judges' Retirement System; and providing for the retroactive application of the Act to any member of the Judges' Retirement System who is killed prior to the effective date of the Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Homeowners Associations - Restriction on Long-Term Rentals - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting the governing documents of a homeowners association from restricting or prohibiting the leasing of property to an individual who is not the lot owner for a period of 6 months or more.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Operating a Vessel While Under the Influence of Alcohol - Enforcement (Nick's Law). Description: Altering the time period within which a court may prohibit a person convicted under certain circumstances of operating a vessel while under the influence of alcohol from operating a vessel on the waters of the State; requiring the Department of Natural Resources, in coordination with the Natural Resources Police Force, to establish and maintain a database of persons prohibited from operating a vessel on the waters of the State due to a certain conviction for operating a vessel while under the influence of alcohol; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Senior Higher Education Institutions - Pregnant and Parenting Students - Plan Requirements (Pregnant and Parenting Support Act). Description: Requiring certain public senior higher education institutions to adopt a plan regarding pregnant and parenting students to include referral to on-campus or off-campus services to assist regarding the availability of or eligibility for certain government assistance programs and any other programs, scholarships, or subsidies that may be available for pregnant and parenting students; and requiring each public senior higher education institution to post the plan on the institution's website by August 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Individuals With Disabilities and Service-Disabled Veterans Boating Fund. Description: Establishing the Individuals With Disabilities and Service-Disabled Veterans Boating Fund to provide sailing, boating, kayaking, canoeing, and paddleboarding and surfing opportunities for individuals with disabilities and service-disabled veterans; requiring the Department of Disabilities to administer the Fund; prohibiting the Department from providing a grant of more than $40,000 in a fiscal year; and establishing the qualifications for certain nonprofit organizations to receive a grant from the Fund.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Authority. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Technology Development Corporation, subject to a written agreement, to provide certain outside entities administrative services or support and to receive compensation for providing the services or support.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Competitive Sealed Proposals - Security Contracts. Description: Providing that competitive sealed proposals is the preferred procurement method for a contract for security services with an expected value that is greater than $1,000,000.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Lighting - Privately Owned Vehicles. Description: Authorizing certain members of a volunteer fire company to equip their privately owned vehicles with red and green or red and white lights or signal devices.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Freedom to Read Act. Description: Establishing a State policy that local school systems operate their school library media programs consistent with certain standards; requiring each local school system to develop a policy and procedures to review objections to materials in a school library media program; prohibiting a county board of education from dismissing, demoting, suspending, disciplining, reassigning, transferring, or otherwise retaliating against certain school library media program personnel for performing their job duties consistent with certain standards; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations – Limited License to Practice Dentistry – Services for Adults. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Dental Examiners to waive certain education requirements for certain applicants for a limited license to practice dentistry who provide dental services for adults.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County - Allegany Regional Recreational Economic Development Authority - Established. Description: Establishing the Allegany Regional Recreational Economic Development Authority in Allegany County to support the development and construction of regional recreation facilities to benefit residents and the economic development of Allegany County, including athletic fields, indoor athletic facilities, and other facilities for recreational tourism; and requiring the Authority to annually report its activities to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly beginning October 31, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Governing Bodies of Common Ownership Communities - Member Training. Description: Requiring certain members of a board of directors or certain officers of a council of unit owners of certain condominiums and certain members of a governing body of a homeowners association to successfully complete a training curriculum on the responsibilities of being a member or an officer in a certain manner and subject to certain requirements.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Public Facilities Bond. Description: Authorizing and empowering the County Commissioners of Carroll County to borrow not more than $29,800,000 in order to finance the construction, improvement, or development of certain public facilities in Carroll County, and to effect such borrowing by the issuance and sale at public or private sale of its general obligation bonds; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Committed Persons - Release Proceedings. Description: Providing that certain provisions of the Maryland Rules relating to discovery in civil matters apply in a certain administrative proceeding; requiring a court that receives a certain report to promptly notify counsel of record for the committed person; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to notify the court and certain persons if the Department receives a certain report; requiring a court to hold a hearing on request by any party after a certain application is made; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cannabis - Licensee Locations - Restrictions. Description: Altering the distance restrictions from 2000 feet to one-half mile applicable to a licensed cannabis dispensary; prohibiting a political subdivision from establishing certain zoning requirements that are more restrictive than certain zoning requirements that existed on June 30, 2023; authorizing at least 10 individuals who are residents, commercial tenants who are not holders of or applicants for a license, or real estate owners, and are located within 1,000 of the licensed premises to file a protest against a license; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Physician Assistants - Revisions (Physician Assistant Modernization Act of 2024). Description: Requiring that a physician assistant have a collaboration agreement, rather than a delegation agreement, in order to practice as a physician assistant; altering the scope of practice of a physician assistant; altering the education required for licensure as a physician assistant; authorizing physician assistants who are employees of the federal government to perform acts, tasks, or functions during a certain disaster; and requiring the State Board to review and update the list of duties for physician assistants.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources – Submerged Aquatic Vegetation Surveys. Description: Altering the definition of "aerial survey" for purposes of surveying submerged aquatic vegetation to include other surveys that encompass certain geographic areas and use certain methodologies; and requiring the Department of Natural Resources to study and report to the General Assembly on the implications and feasibility of using alternative methods other than an aerial survey to delineate SAV protection zones on or before December 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages – Retail Delivery – Local Delivery Service Permit. Description: Establishing a local delivery service permit that authorizes the holder to deliver alcoholic beverages from a retail license holder that is authorized to deliver alcoholic beverages to purchasers in a certain jurisdiction under certain circumstances; authorizing retail license holders to deliver alcoholic beverages to purchasers in a certain jurisdiction through a third-party contractor, an independent contractor, or an agent that holds a certain delivery service permit under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Members of Boards, Committees, Commissions, Task Forces, or Workgroups – Removal or Suspension. Description: Providing that a member of a board, committee, commission, task force, or workgroup created by State law may be removed or suspended for misconduct, incompetence, neglect of duties, or other good cause by the individual or entity that appointed the member under certain circumstances; authorizing the removal or suspension of an appointed member only after consultation with the chair of the board, committee, commission, task force, or workgroup and the member has been given an opportunity to be heard regarding the removal or suspension; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Rapid-Fire Activator - Switch/Auto-Sear. Description: Altering the term "rapid fire trigger activator" to be "rapid fire activator"; adding "switch/auto-sear" to the definition of "rapid fire activator" for purposes of certain prohibitions on rapid fire activators; and prohibiting a person from transporting a rapid fire activator into the State or manufacturing, possessing, selling, offering for sale, transferring, purchasing, or receiving a rapid fire activator with a certain exception.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Financial Well-Being Pilot Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Financial Well-Being Pilot Program at the University of Maryland, College Park Campus and Morgan State University to provide comprehensive financial guidance and coaching to help students who may benefit from financial coaching services; requiring by August 1, 2024, each participating institution to hire one full-time financial well-being coach; requiring each financial well-being coach to create a document with best practices and guidance for other institutions to use to create a financial well-being program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tri–County Council for Southern Maryland – Southern Maryland Agricultural Development Commission – Funding. Description: Increasing from $900,000 to $1,000,000 the amount of an appropriation that the Governor is required to include in the annual budget bill each year for the Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland from the Cigarette Restitution Fund; repealing the termination of certain provisions of law that require the Governor to include the appropriation in the annual budget bill each year and the Council to use the appropriation to fund the activities of the Southern Maryland Agricultural Development Commission; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Driver's Licenses - Suspension for Child Support Arrearages - Exception. Description: Establishing a certain exception to the authority of the Child Support Administration to notify the Motor Vehicle Administration of an individual's child support arrearages for the purpose of suspending the individual's driver's license or privilege to drive if the obligor's income is at or below a certain level; and authorizing the Child Support Administration to consider certain information in determining the income of an obligor under the Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Juvenile Law - Reform. Description: Altering the jurisdiction of the juvenile court over a child of a certain age alleged to have committed a certain offense; altering certain provisions relating to the taking of a child into custody by a law enforcement officer; expanding certain provisions of law relating to the entry onto certain school or other property by, and the education of, certain sex offender registrants; altering certain provisions relating to the Commission on Juvenile Justice Reform and Emerging and Best Practices; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Renewal PG 308-24. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County to extend the deadline by which a holder of an alcoholic beverages license must file an application for renewal; and extending the expiration date for certain licenses issued by the Board to July 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Issuance of License Near a Place of Worship or School PG 307-24. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County to issue an alcoholic beverages license for an establishment that is within 500 feet of a place of worship or 1,000 feet of a school building if a license of the same class had been issued and was held by the same person seeking the new license and was in effect for the establishment before the place of worship or school building was built.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Finance – Catastrophic Event Account and Federal Government Shutdown Employee Assistance Loan Fund – Noncivilian Federal Employees. Description: Altering the purposes of the Catastrophic Event Account and the Federal Government Shutdown Employee Assistance Loan Fund to provide financial assistance to noncivilian federal employees.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Student Support - Specialist Networks and Success Action Plans (Student Supports and Success Act) PG 502-24. Description: Establishing a Student Support Specialist Network consisting of certain school-based personnel at each public high school in Prince George's County; requiring the Prince George's County Board of Education to develop a certain template using certain guidelines by December 31, 2024; and requiring each Student Support Specialist Network in the county to develop, complete, and implement a certain plan, subject to review and approval by the Prince George's County Board of Education.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Employed Individuals With Disabilities. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to provide Maryland Medical Assistance Program services for qualified applicants who are at least 16 years old and for existing Program recipients under the Employed Individuals with Disabilities Program in accordance with certain requirements; prohibiting the Department from limiting eligibility to receive services under the EID Program based on certain criteria; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Fire Protection and Prevention - Residential Rental Property - Requirements (Melanie Nicholle Diaz Fire Safety Act). Description: Establishing certain requirements relating to the installation of certain fire safety equipment in residential rental high-rise buildings and certain other property; authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to grant, by law, a certain property tax credit; establishing the Workgroup to Develop Fire Safety Best Practices for Pre-1974 High-Rise Apartment Buildings; requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations by December 31, 2024; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Self-Service Storage Act - Sale of Personal Property in Satisfaction of Liens - Means of Advertising. Description: Authorizing an operator or a manager of a self-service storage facility to advertise via e-mail, website, or newspaper of general circulation the sale of the personal property in a self-service storage unit to satisfy a certain lien, without the occupant's prior written authorization in the storage agreement; and altering a certain statement that must be contained in a self-service storage facility rental agreement.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Libraries - Regional Resource Centers - Governing Board Membership. Description: Increasing, from one member to two members, the number of public members from each area served by the participating library systems on the governing board for each regional resource center.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Insurance Administration – Professional Employer Organizations – Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Insurance Administration to study professional employer organizations in the State to review certain regulations, histories, health plans, requirements, and regulatory structures in other states and to address any potential impacts of proposed statutory changes in the State relating to the offering of health coverage by professional employer organizations on the small group market in the State; and requiring the Administration to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Health - Service Sector Employees - Mental Health Awareness and Skills Building Training. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, subject to the limitations of its budget, to provide a virtual mental health awareness and skills building training program for service sector employees; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health, subject to the limitations of its budget and in coordination with the Maryland Department of Labor and the Public Service Commission, to conduct a public awareness campaign to increase the awareness among service sector employees of the availability of the training program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: General Provisions - Damages or Losses - Definition. Description: Defining "damages" or "losses" in statutory causes of action to protect civil rights or consumer rights and providing that "damages" or "losses" includes reasonable nominal damages.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Parents in Substance Use Disorder Treatment - Children in Need of Assistance and Treatment Facilities. Description: Establishing a presumption that placement with a child's parent is in the best interest of the child, the child is receiving proper care and attention, and there is not a certain emergency situation if the child's parent is receiving certain substance use disorder treatment and the child is in the presence of the child's parent for the duration of the child's parent's treatment; authorizing the Behavioral Health Administration to require a facility providing certain treatment to provide beds and services to the patient's children; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County - Ethics - Conflict of Interest and Commissioner Expulsion. Description: Requiring that the conflict of interest provisions enacted by Calvert County include certain provisions relating to judicial relief for certain violations of the county's conflict of interest provisions; requiring the ethics provisions enacted by Calvert County to include a provision requiring the Calvert County Ethics Commission to make public any recommendation it makes to expel a Commissioner; and requiring Calvert County to enact a law or regulation that authorizes the removal of a county elected official for certain violations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County - Procurement - Local Preference. Description: Authorizing the County Commissioners of Calvert County to enact an ordinance that establishes a local percentage preference for certain procurement contracts; and requiring the County Commissioners to comply with certain provisions of law under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Major Highway Capacity Expansion Projects - Impact Assessments and Workgroup (Transportation and Climate Alignment Act of 2024). Description: Requiring the Department of Transportation, in consultation with the Department of the Environment, to establish a process for performing major highway capacity expansion project impact assessments; requiring the Department and a metropolitan planning organization to perform an impact assessment under certain circumstances; establishing the Workgroup to Study Major Highway Capacity Expansion Projects to make certain recommendations to the General Assembly by December 1, 2024, related to certain impact assessments and mitigation plans; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: More Opportunities for Career-Focused Students Act of 2024. Description: Requiring each public high school to inform students of certain employment and skills training opportunities in the same manner in which the school informs students of postsecondary educational options; requiring each public high school to inform students about opportunities in high-skilled careers that do not require completion of a college degree and are in high demand in the State; and requiring a county board to assist public high schools in completing the requirements of the Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County Family Child Care Home Expansion Grant Program - Establishment PG 505-24. Description: Establishing the Prince George's County Family Child Care Home Expansion Grant Program in the Prince George's County public school system; providing that the purpose of the Program is to increase the number of registered family child care providers, registered family child care homes, and registered large family child care homes in low-income communities in the county; requiring a local school system to develop a certain application process; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Contracts and Purchasing. Description: Increasing from $25,000 to $50,000 the cost of a public work or improvement or the purchase price of supplies or equipment for which the County Commissioners of Carroll County may enter into a contract; and requiring that when the cost of a public work or improvement or the purchase price of supplies or equipment in Carroll County exceeds $50,000 under certain conditions, the Procurement Officer for the County Commissioner shall advertise for bids for at least 1 week in a media accessible to the general public.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Annual Vehicle Shows - Motor and Trailer Homes. Description: Altering the number of annual vehicle shows in which motor and trailer home dealers, and salesmen employed by dealers, may participate.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment - Plastic Bottle Waste Reduction - Water Bottle Filling Stations and Reporting. Description: Requiring that a water bottle filling station be installed in certain new construction beginning October 1, 2024; requiring the Department of the Environment to conduct a certain survey, gather certain data, and identify alternative methods for providing drinking water on or before October 1, 2025; and requiring the Department, on or before December 1, 2025, to submit the survey and alternative methods to the Governor and the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Individual Income Tax Credit Eligibility Awareness Campaign. Description: Requiring the Comptroller to implement and administer a certain individual income tax credit eligibility awareness campaign to identify and encourage individuals to apply for certain individual income tax credits; authorizing the Comptroller to enter into a certain data sharing agreement with other State agencies to carry out the awareness campaign; and requiring, in each of fiscal years 2026 through 2030, the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $300,000 for the awareness campaign.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Investment Portfolio and Local Government Investment Guidelines - Investment Standards. Description: Requiring the Treasurer to consult with governmental entities prior to proposing certain regulations; repealing the limitations on investment in certain assets in which the Treasurer may invest or reinvest certain unexpended or surplus funds; authorizing the Treasurer to retain investments made prior to the effective date of the Act until the investments have reached their respective maturity dates; authorizing the Treasurer and governmental entities to invest or reinvest in certain surplus funds under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Child Custody - Determinations. Description: Authorizing the court, in determining legal and physical custody in certain child custody proceedings, to consider certain factors; and authorizing the court to modify a child custody or visitation order if the court determines that there has been a material change in circumstances since the issuance of the order that related to the needs of the child or the ability of the parents to meet those needs and that modifying the order is in the best interests of the child.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Small Business Preference Procurement. Description: Requiring each procurement unit to establish a price preference for small businesses; and designating the Board of Public Works as the regulatory authority for the Small Business Preference Program.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Residential Leases - Late Payment Penalties - Calculation. Description: Altering a prohibition concerning the maximum penalty for the late payment of rent that a landlord may charge in a residential lease to prohibit a penalty in excess of 5% of the amount of the unpaid rent rather than of the amount due.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sex Offenders - Required Registration - Locations. Description: Specifying that a person required to register as a sex offender in a county with a population of more than 300,000 residents may register at any location designated by a county law enforcement agency; and requiring a county law enforcement agency in a certain county to designate at least two locations in the county where a person required to register may register.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Shellfish Aquaculture - Harvest Hours. Description: Repealing a restriction which prohibited the harvesting of shellfish between the hours of sunset and sunrise from certain areas leased for aquaculture; and requiring the Department of Natural Resources to establish by regulation the hours for harvesting shellfish within leased areas.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Estate Brokers - Licensing - License Renewals and Continuing Education. Description: Repealing certain processes regarding the expiration of real estate brokers', associate real estate brokers', and real estate salespersons' licenses; requiring that certain licenses expire on a staggered basis; modifying and setting certain time frames for certain processes regarding the expiration of certain licenses; authorizing the State Real Estate Commission to set a certain fee under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Energy Efficiency and Conservation Plans. Description: Requiring each electric company, each gas company, and the Department of Housing and Community Development to develop a plan for achieving certain energy efficiency, conservation, and greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets through certain programs and services and superseding certain existing energy efficiency and conservation goals; requiring the Public Service Commission to establish a working group to study and make recommendations on extending certain program assistance to certain moderate-income households; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program and Health Insurance - Coverage for Prostheses (So Every Body Can Move Act). Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program and certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to provide certain coverage related to prostheses; establishing that certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations must comply with certain provider network requirements; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Detached Catalytic Converters - Record-Keeping Requirements. Description: Requiring records of junk dealers, scrap metal processors, and automotive dismantlers and recyclers to include certain information about the vehicle from which a detached catalytic converter, or part of a detached catalytic converter, was obtained from a person.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program – Alterations. Description: Expanding eligibility for financial assistance under the Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program to include individuals who purchase certain qualified property after a qualified project is completed, at an affordable sales price as determined by certain regulations, and as an owner-occupant.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Long-Term Care Administrators - Requirements for Assisted Living Managers. Description: Extending, from October 1, 2024, to July 1, 2026, the date by which an individual must be licensed by the State Board of Long-Term Care Administrators before practicing as an assisted living manager in the State; altering the requirements for the manager training course that certain assisted living managers are required to complete; altering the requirements for serving as an interim assisted living manager; and requiring the Board to submit certain reports on assisted living managers to certain committees of the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Pharmacy Benefits Managers - Specialty Drugs. Description: Prohibiting certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations from excluding coverage for certain specialty drugs that are administered or dispensed by a provider that meets certain criteria; and requiring the reimbursement rate for certain specialty drugs to be the same as the rate applied to a designated specialty pharmacy for dispensing the covered specialty drugs and billed at a nonhospital level of care or place of service.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Board of Public Works - Transparency Data Dashboard. Description: Requiring the Comptroller to develop and maintain on the Board of Public Works' website a procurement transparency data dashboard; establishing a governance committee composed of the liaisons to the Board from the offices of the Governor, the Comptroller, and the State Treasurer to review the contents of the dashboard for accuracy and completeness; and requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2025, to include in the annual budget bill such sums as are necessary for one full-time position and data dashboard development software.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Officials - Public Disclosure of Personal Information. Description: Requiring certain custodians to deny inspection of the part of a public record that contains personal information of a public official except under certain circumstances; authorizing a certain public official or certain immediate family member of a public official to request that certain disclosed personal information be removed and that a certain person refrain from future disclosures; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Benefit Plans - Calculation of Cost Sharing Contribution - Requirements. Description: Requiring certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to include certain discounts, financial assistance payments, product vouchers, and other out-of-pocket expenses made by or on behalf of an insured or enrollee when calculating cost-sharing contributions for certain prescription drugs; requiring persons that provide financial assistance payments, discounts, product vouchers, or other out-of-pocket expenses to notify an insured or enrollee of certain information; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Sale of Motor Fuel - Pricing Signage (Gas Price Clarity Act). Description: Establishing that certain provisions governing signage at retail service stations supersede inconsistent local law; altering a signage requirement for retail service stations relating to the price of regular gasoline so that the signage prominently displays clearly and visibly the credit and debit price, if higher than the cash price, or the credit and debit price and the cash price; repealing an exemption from a certain signage requirement for retail service station dealers with not more than 3 dispensing units; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Health Commissions and Maryland Insurance Administration - Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to contract with an independent consultant to conduct a certain study of the Health Services Cost Review Commission, the Maryland Health Care Commission, the Maryland Insurance Administration, and the Maryland Community Health Resources Commission; and requiring the Department to submit a report on the results of the study to the Governor, the Senate Finance Committee, and the House Health and Government Operations Committee on or before January 1, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Ratification of Defective Corporate Acts - Alterations. Description: Altering the process by which a defective corporate act may be ratified; and altering rules for certain legal actions by persons claiming to be adversely affected by a ratification.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Seed Community Development Anchor Institution Fund - Alterations. Description: Expanding the purpose and use of the Seed Community Development Anchor Institution Fund administered by the Department of Housing and Community Development to include providing grants and loans to anchor institutions for a certain purpose in sustainable communities; and repealing a requirement that certain matching funds be from a private source.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Benefits Exploitation. Description: Prohibiting a person from knowingly recruiting, harboring, transporting, or obtaining an individual for the purpose of appropriating the government benefits of an individual for the benefit of the person or another through deception, coercion, exploitation, isolation, or any other means; prohibiting a person from aiding, abetting, or conspiring with one or more persons to violate a certain provision of the Act; establishing that a violation of the Act is a felony; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Procurement - Scrutinized Entities - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting an entity owned, operated, or controlled by the government of certain countries subject to an embargo under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations from participating in any procurement with the State, a local government in the State, a public instrumentality in the State, or any governmental unit in the State; requiring the Board of Public Works to make certain determinations and maintain and publish a certain list of scrutinized entities; preempting any local ordinance, rule, or regulation that conflicts with the Act;  etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Tort Claims Act - Sheriffs and Deputy Sheriffs - County Responsibility. Description: Clarifying that a county assumes the responsibilities of a certain tort claim against a sheriff or deputy sheriff under the Maryland Tort Claims Act; clarifying that, for certain tort claims against a sheriff or deputy sheriff, the State is the proper defendant; and specifying that it is the intent of the General Assembly that the Office of the Attorney General and the State Treasurer work with certain entities when disputes arise regarding the allocation of responsibility for tort claims under the Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Retail Sales of Gift Cards (Gift Card Scams Prevention Act of 2024). Description: Prohibiting a merchant from selling a certain open- or closed-loop gift card to a consumer unless the merchant meets certain requirements; requiring a merchant to provide to the employees of the merchant training on identification of gift card fraud; requiring the Division of Consumer Protection to create a certain notice and issue certain guidelines regarding gift card fraud; requiring a certain third-party gift card reseller to record and maintain a copy of certain information for at least 3 years: etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore Convention and Tourism Redevelopment and Operating Organization Task Force. Description: Establishing the Baltimore Convention and Tourism Redevelopment and Operating Organization Task Force to study and make recommendations concerning the membership, purpose, and function of an organization to govern the renovation, revitalization, financing, and ongoing maintenance and management of the Baltimore Convention site and certain surrounding areas; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Mayor of Baltimore City, the Governor, and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Charles W. Riley Firefighter and Ambulance and Rescue Squad Member Scholarship - Alterations. Description: Altering the Charles W. Riley Firefighter and Ambulance and Rescue Squad Member Scholarship to make the scholarship applicable to all programs at institutions of higher education in the State; altering the maximum award available, when a scholarship should be credited, and to whom initial awards should be provided under the scholarship; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Part-Time Senatorial and Delegate Scholarships - Alterations. Description: Allowing an applicant of a part-time senatorial or delegate scholarship with a documented disability to request from the Maryland Higher Education Commission a waiver from the requirement to carry at least 6 semester hours of courses each semester.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prekindergarten - Ulysses Currie Head Start Program - Eligibility for State Funds. Description: Authorizing a provider in the Ulysses Currie Head Start Program to receive certain State funds under certain circumstances; and exempting providers in the Program from certain State requirements for eligible prekindergarten providers.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Access to Attorneys, Advocates, and Consultants for Special Education Program and Fund - Established. Description: Requiring certain information to be provided to the parents of a child with a disability under certain circumstances; establishing the Access to Attorneys, Advocates, and Consultants for Special Education Program; establishing the Access to Attorneys, Advocates, and Consultants for Special Education Fund; requiring interest earnings of the Fund to be credited to the Fund; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $1,000,000 to the Fund beginning in fiscal year 2026; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County – Sheriff’s Salary – Alteration. Description: Altering the salary of the Sheriff of Garrett County; and repealing the requirement for the Garrett County Salary Study Commission to study and issue a report that contains recommendations relating to the salary of the Sheriff.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County - Procurement - Bids and Contracts. Description: Increasing the minimum dollar amount of contracts for which the County Commissioners, or any employee of Garrett County, are required to advertise for bids from $25,000 to $50,000; exempting certain contracts for professional services from a requirement to advertise for bids; and authorizing contracts for professional services required to be licensed by the State to be solicited by written bids.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Winery and Vineyard Economic Development Grant Program - Modifications. Description: Altering procedures for the claiming and awarding of grants under the Winery and Vineyard Economic Development Grant Program to allow an individual or corporation who paid or incurred qualified capital expenses during the immediately preceding calendar year to submit a grant application.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workers’ Compensation – Uninsured Employers’ Fund – Timely Payment of Awards. Description: Requiring the Uninsured Employers' Fund to begin paying compensation for a workers' compensation claim within 15 days after the later of the date an award is made or payment of an award is due; applying certain provisions of law regarding the failure to timely pay awards to the Fund; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Garrett County - Hotel Rental Tax - Alterations. Description: Altering the definition of "hotel" for purposes of the hotel rental tax in Garrett County to include a transient vacation rental unit and exclude certain facilities; altering the definition of "transient charge" for purposes of the county hotel rental tax; defining "short term rental platform" as a service provided on the Internet that advertises hotels and receives certain compensation; requiring certain short-term rental platforms and managers to perform certain duties related to the collection and remittance of the hotel rental tax: etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Treasurer and Comptroller - Membership Responsibilities. Description: Removing the State Treasurer from the Board of Trustees for the Maryland Agricultural Land Preservation Foundation and repealing related authority and duties; removing the State Treasurer or the State Treasurer's designee from the Maryland Commission on Climate Change and the Coast Smart Council; and adding the Comptroller or the Comptroller's designee as a member of the Maryland Commission on Climate Change and the Coast Smart Council.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Alcoholic Beverages - Multi-Use Sports and Events Facility Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Altering the stadium beer and wine license in Washington County to be a multi-use sports and events facility beer, wine, and liquor license; authorizing the license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption in the multi-use sports and events facility; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Building Performance Standards – Local Requests for Guidance – Religious Considerations. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor, on request of a local jurisdiction and in consultation with the Office of the Attorney General, to provide guidance for the implementation and enforcement of the Maryland Building Performance Standards in relation to any religious observance, practice, or belief.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Procurement - Vehicles. Description: Authorizing the County Commissioners of Washington County to enter into a certain contract for the purchase of one or more vehicles without advertising for bids if the amount involved in the contract does not exceed $100,000.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture – Nuisance Insects. Description: Requiring, instead of authorizing, the Secretary of Agriculture to implement, under certain circumstances, a program to use Bacillus thuringiensis israelensis to control or eliminate nuisance insects in the State; and requiring, instead of authorizing, the Secretary to carry out a certain project to control or eliminate nuisance insects if the county or municipality in which the nuisance insects are located agrees to pay 50% of the costs associated with the project.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Utilization Review - Revisions. Description: Altering and establishing requirements and prohibitions related to health insurance utilization review; altering requirements related to internal grievance procedures and adverse decision procedures; altering certain reporting requirements on health insurance carriers relating to adverse decisions; and establishing requirements on health insurance carriers and health care providers relating to the provision of patient benefit information.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Crisis Response Services - 9-8-8 Trust Fund Fees. Description: Establishing a 9-8-8 fee to be paid by each subscriber to switched local exchange access service, commercial mobile radio service, or other 9-8-8-accessible service; establishing a prepaid wireless 9-8-8 fee to be paid on certain retail transactions; requiring the Comptroller to deposit the 9-8-8 fees and the prepaid wireless 9-8-8 fees in the 9-8-8 Trust Fund; and requiring the Comptroller to adopt procedures for auditing fee collection and remittance by telephone companies and commercial mobile radio service providers.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians - Performance of X-Ray Duties Without a License. Description: Altering the circumstances under which individuals without a license to practice medicine may perform X-ray duties; authorizing the State Board of Physicians to impose a civil penalty of up to $5,000 for each violation on the physician's office and $1,000 for each individual violation of the Act; and requiring the Board, by October 1, 2029, to report to certain committees of the General Assembly on the number of individuals registered to perform limited X-ray duties and the continuation or replacement of the registration process.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State–Owned Nursing Homes – Deficiencies, Citations, and Fines – Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring the department charged with oversight of a State-owned nursing home operated by a contractor, instead of the contractor, to provide notice of certain deficiencies and enforcement actions to the Governor and certain members of the General Assembly; requiring the department charged with oversight, rather than the contractor, to provide certain information to certain persons within 30 days after the contractor's final acceptance of a plan of correction or completion of an informal dispute resolution; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts – Expunged Cases and Judicial Actions – Disclosure and Public Access. Description: Clarifying that expungement does not prohibit disclosure of records that contain information that is also contained in an expunged record, is formatted to facilitate research, and contains de-identified data; and providing that certain provisions of law shall be construed in favor of allowing public access to information about judicial actions.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Initial Teacher Certification - Requirements. Description: Repealing a provision of law that requires a teacher preparation program to require a student to pass a certain assessment as a graduation requirement; altering the requirements for initial teacher certification; authorizing a local school system to establish a comprehensive induction program to aid in meeting a certain requirement for initial teacher certification; altering the qualification requirements for a teacher who holds a professional license or certificate from another state; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Civil Actions - Public Nuisances - Firearm Industry Members (Gun Industry Accountability Act of 2024). Description: Prohibiting firearm industry members from knowingly creating, maintaining, or contributing to a public nuisance through the sale, manufacture, distribution, importation, or marketing of a firearm-related product under certain circumstances; requiring a firearm industry member to establish and implement certain reasonable controls regarding the sale, manufacture, distribution, importation, marketing, possession, and use of certain firearm-related products; authorizing certain civil actions for violations of the Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Organized Retail Theft. Description: Providing that multiple thefts committed by the same person in multiple counties under one scheme or continuing course of conduct may be joined and prosecuted in any county in which any one of the thefts occurred; prohibiting one or more persons from committing a series of thefts from retail merchants over a 90-day period with an aggregate value exceeding $1,500; requiring a court to make a finding as to whether a certain crime is organized retail theft under certain circumstances for a certain purpose; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Transit Administration - Locally Operated Transit Systems - Mandatory Funding. Description: Requiring, beginning in fiscal year 2026, the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation from the Transportation Trust Fund of $80,533,314 for the Locally Operated Transit System Grant Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange - State-Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program - Amount of Annual Subsidies. Description: Altering the amount of funds the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange is authorized to designate for annual subsidies under the State-Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program for certain fiscal years to include unspent funds designated for subsidies for young adults in a previous calendar year.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Certified Dialysis Technicians - Continuing Education Requirement. Description: Altering the continuing education requirement for certified dialysis technicians to complete 3 hours of continuing education approved by the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: City of Frederick - Assignment of Offenders to Road Work - Repeal. Description: Repealing a provision of law requring a District Court judge to assign, if practicable, an offender to work the public roads of Frederick County or the City of Frederick as a penalty for a violation of a municipal law or ordinance of the City of Frederick.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Commission on New Americans - Established. Description: Establishing the Commission on New Americans to study and periodically report on the contributions of new Americans and the availability of government services for new Americans; and requiring the Commission to submit to the Governor and the General Assembly by October 1, 2026, and at least once every 5 years thereafter a quantitative report detailing the contributions of new Americans and the services available to new Americans throughout the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Small Business Reserve Program - Goals and Outreach Program. Description: Increasing a participation goal from a minimum of 15% to 20% for certain small businesses for certain procurement contracts; requiring the certification agency, in consultation with Governor's Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to develop an outreach program to increase the participation of small businesses that are owned by economically disadvantaged individuals; requiring, by each December 1, the certification agency to submit a report on the outreach program and the dollar amount of certain awards; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System - Reemployment as Sheriff. Description: Requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to suspend the retirement benefit of a retiree of the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System who is elected as a sheriff within 1 year after retirement; providing for the reinstatement of a benefit; providing that a suspension of a benefit does not affect survivor benefits; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Town of Keedysville - Parking of Vehicles - Restrictions. Description: Prohibiting a person from parking certain vehicles in the Town of Keedysville, Washington County.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Death Certificates - Cause or Manner of Death Determinations - Requirements After Change or Correction (Katherine Morris Death Reclassification Act). Description: Requiring, if a victim's initial determination of death recorded on the victim's death certificate was amended or corrected to be undetermined or homicide, an assistant State's Attorney with knowledge of the case to meet with a person in interest on the request of the person in interest for a certain purpose; requiring a law enforcement agency to reopen or reinvestigate an investigation involving the death of a victim whose cause or manner of death was amended or corrected to be undetermined or homicide; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Residential Leases - Rent Increase Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a landlord from increasing a tenant's rent during a certain lease term if the landlord violates a requirement that the landlord provide notification of an increase in rent; and prohibiting a landlord from taking certain retaliatory actions as a result of the inability to increase the tenant's rent.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Interscholastic Athletics - Student Eligibility Waiver and School Classification. Description: Authorizing the Washington County Board of Education to waive a certain eligibility requirement for participation in interscholastic athletics at a certain Maryland Public Secondary Schools Athletic Association member school for students who attend certain public high schools; requiring the Washington County Superintendent of Schools to report to the Maryland Public Secondary Schools Athletic Association the school enrollment of member schools in grades 9, 10, and 11 as of September 30 of each even-numbered year; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Off-Highway Vehicles - Clarifications and Revisions. Description: Clarifying and harmonizing certain provisions of law governing off-highway recreational vehicles and other similar off-highway motor vehicles; repealing the exception for certain off-highway recreational vehicles to the requirement to obtain a motor vehicle certificate of title; requiring a motor vehicle dealer that sells off-highway recreational vehicles to provide certain electronic motor vehicle titling services; authorizing a local jurisdiction to enforce the Maryland Vehicle Law for violations within its jurisdiction; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Law Enforcement Agencies - Positive Community Feedback. Description: Adding positive community feedback that was not solicited by the police officer who is the subject of the feedback to the list of records that are not considered personnel records; requiring the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to develop a process for citizens to submit positive community feedback; requiring each law enforcement agency to adopt the uniform citizen positive community feedback process; and requiring a law enforcement agency to maintain a certain record that is subject to public inspection.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Somerset County – Fire, Rescue, and Emergency Medical Services. Description: Authorizing the County Commissioners of Somerset County to enact local laws and adopt other measures to manage, direct, and regulate fire, rescue, and emergency medical services in the County; authorizing the County Commissioners to authorize or create an entity or a body to administer the County's affairs in the County relating to fire, rescue, and emergency medical services; and requiring the County Commissioners to establish an Emergency Services Advisory Council to make certain recommendations under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Somerset County - Fire Companies - Appropriations. Description: Requiring the County Commissioners of Somerset County to appropriate to certain organized volunteer fire companies in the county certain amounts for fiscal years 2025 through 2030; and requiring that the appropriations required for fiscal year 2030 remain in effect for subsequent fiscal years unless altered by a future enactment.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Somerset County – Sale of Property – Revells Neck Road. Description: Authorizing the County Commissioners of Somerset County to sell the property at Map 32, Parcel 149 on Revells Neck Road under terms considered appropriate by the county commissioners.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Maryland Judicial Public Text Messaging System - Report. Description: Requiring the Administrative Office of the Courts, beginning December 1, 2024, and each December 1 thereafter, to provide a report to the General Assembly containing certain information on the Maryland Judicial Public Text Messaging System; and requiring the report to include a review of any future plans for development, expansion, and implementation of the System.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture - Invasive Plant Species - Regulation (Biodiversity and Agriculture Protection Act). Description: Altering the regulatory approach for controlling invasive plant species in the State, including repealing certain provisions of law relating to a two-tiered regulatory approach and requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to establish a list of prohibited invasive plants by regulation in a certain manner on or before October 1, 2024; establishing certain protocols for assessing certain nonnative plants and determining whether those plants are invasive or whether the plants may be placed on a certain watch list; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Opioid Restitution Advisory Council and Fund - Revisions. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Health to present decisions for the allocations of money from the Opioid Restitution Fund to the Opioid Restitution Fund Advisory Council; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to post on the Department's website certain information regarding allocations of money from the Fund; and requiring the Department to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2024, on the best process for making the expenditures of all opioid settlement agreements accessible to the public.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Principal Departments - Individuals With Limited English Proficiency - Access to Public Services. Description: Requiring, on or before July 1, 2025, the principal departments of the Executive Branch to fully implement certain provisions of law requiring equal access to public services for individuals with limited English proficiency.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Personnel - Maryland Department of Health - Pay Rates. Description: Increasing the number of certain bargaining units for the purpose of specifying certain pay rates for certain employees of the Maryland Department of Health; and requiring that the pay rates of certain Department employees who are in certain bargaining units and who work at certain facilities be equal to certain pay rates of the employees who work at Clifton T. Perkins Hospital.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Coverage for the Treatment of Obesity - Required Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to study the impact of requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program to provide comprehensive coverage for the treatment of obesity, including coverage for intensive behavioral therapy, bariatric surgery, and FDA-approved antiobesity medication; and requiring the Department to report its findings and recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County – Subdivision Plats – Conditions PG/MC 111–24. Description: Providing that the Montgomery County Planning Board may tentatively approve a subdivision plat subject to specified conditions; and providing for the approval and submission of a certain subdivision plat to the county land records.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions - Manufacturers. Description: Altering the definition of "manufacturing" for purposes of certain greenhouse gas emissions reduction requirements to exclude the production of cement; altering the application of certain provisions of law regarding the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from the manufacturing sector to apply only to persons that engaged in manufacturing in 2023; requiring the Department of the Environment to make certain considerations and consult with certain stakeholders related to the regulation of the production of cement; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture - Food Processing Residuals Utilization Permit - Establishment. Description: Establishing a food processing residuals utilization permit; prohibiting a person from utilizing food processing residuals in the State unless the person obtains a permit; requiring the Department of Agriculture to provide a certain notice and information to certain persons in a county where food processing residuals will be stored; establishing the Food Processing Residuals Administration Fund; authorizing a representative of the Department to enter and inspect any site where food processing residuals are utilized; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Delegated Authorities - Well and Septic Program Permits. Description: Requiring a local health department or county government to which the Department of the Environment has delegated authority to administer a septic and well program to submit, by December 1, 2024, a schedule of review times for certain well and septic program permits for approval; and requiring a local health department or county government to submit well and septic program permit data to the Department for review beginning 3 months after the original schedule submission approved by the Department and every 3 months thereafter.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commemorative Weeks - Maryland Climate Education Week. Description: Requiring the Governor annually to proclaim the first week of April as Maryland Climate Education Week; and requiring the proclamation to urge residents of all ages to participate in educational activities that promote awareness of climate change and take action toward the State's climate commitments.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County Board of Education - Members - Residency Requirement. Description: Requiring that a member of the Washington County Board of Education be a resident of Washington County for at least 6 months and the State for at least 12 months immediately preceding the date the member takes office; and requiring members of the county board to maintain a primary residence in Washington County during their term.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Consumer Council - Name Change. Description: Changing the name of the Consumer Council in the Division of Consumer Protection in the Office of the Attorney General to the Consumer Protection Commission.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Labor – Unemployment Insurance – Study on Actively Seeking Work Requirements. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor, on or before December 1, 2024, to conduct a study on the actively seeking work requirement of the unemployment insurance system in the State and other states to evaluate the effects of ghosting on actively seeking work requirements and report on the study to the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup on Establishing a Science and Technology Best Practices and Innovation Network. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Establishing a Science and Technology Best Practices and Innovation Network to identify and analyze options for establishing and maintaining an open access science, technology, and innovation network or hub of citizen scientists and experts in science, technology, and industry for certain purposes; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Automated Enforcement Programs - Privacy Protections. Description: Requiring a custodian of recorded images produced by certain automated enforcement systems to deny inspection of the images; prohibiting certain State and local agencies from using a recorded image or associated data from an automated enforcement system without a warrant, subpoena, or court order unless the use is for an appropriate traffic enforcement purpose; providing that an employee who violates the Act is subject to a fine of up to $1,000; and establishing certain requirements and authorizations for the removal of recorded images.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Attorney General - Investigative Authority - Health Care Fraud. Description: Authorizing the Office of the Attorney General, a Deputy Attorney General, or an Assistant Attorney General to issue a subpoena to a person to produce certain materials, answer written interrogatories, and give certain testimony in furtherance of an ongoing health care fraud investigation under the Maryland False Health Claims Act or other civil authority; authorizing the Attorney General to report a failure to obey a certain subpoena to the circuit court with jurisdiction over the matter; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Clerk of the Circuit Court - Plat Recordation PG/MC 110-24. Description: Authorizing a plat in Montgomery County to be drawn, recorded, and maintained in electronic form in a manner approved by the State Archivist.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Average Final Compensation - Compensation Adjustments. Description: Establishing that certain adjustments to compensation may not be considered an extraordinary salary increase when determining the average final compensation of a member in the State Retirement and Pension System; and requiring a member to submit certain information to the State Retirement Agency in a certain manner at the time of retirement.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Officers' Retirement System - Membership. Description: Altering membership in the Correctional Officers' Retirement System to include certain employees of the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services and the Maryland Department of Health; requiring the State Retirement and Pension System to transfer the creditable service of employees transferred into the Correctional Officers' Retirement System under the Act unless the employee elects not to transfer service on or before June 1, 2025; authorizing certain employees to elect not to transfer service; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health – Federally Qualified Health Centers Grant Program – Recovery of Funding. Description: Altering the number of years after completion of a project funded in part by a grant of the Federally Qualified Health Centers Grant Program after which the State may recover funding under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Officers and Employees – Required Surety Bonds – Insurance Policies Authorized. Description: Altering the requirements that certain officers and employees of the State be covered by certain surety bonds to allow the officers and employees to be covered by certain insurance policies; transferring certain duties and responsibilities of the Maryland State Employees Surety Bond Committee to the State Treasurer; and repealing certain provisions of law related to the approval, form, and record of certain surety bonds required for certain officers and employees of the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employees - Paid Sick Leave - Certificate of Illness or Disability Signed by a Licensed Clinical Professional Counselor. Description: Authorizing a licensed clinical professional counselor to sign a certificate of illness or disability when a State employee uses sick leave for 5 or more consecutive workdays.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - School Construction Master Plan Workgroup. Description: Establishing the Frederick County School Construction Master Plan Workgroup; and requiring the Workgroup to comprehensively evaluate all school facility needs in Frederick County and report its findings and recommendations to certain Frederick County officials, the Interagency Commission on School Construction and the Frederick County House and Senate Delegations by December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Boundary of the Frederick County Soil Conservation District - Alteration. Description: Establishing the Frederick County Soil Conservation District to include the Catoctin Soil Conservation District and the Frederick Soil Conservation District.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Mental Health Law - Petitions for Emergency Evaluation. Description: Specifying that a petition for emergency evaluation is effective for 5 days after being endorsed by the court; authorizing a court, on a certain motion and for good cause shown, to extend a petition for up to 5 days at a time, but not to exceed a total of 30 days; requiring the court to include the date the petition expires on the petition; and authorizing peace officers to use reasonable and necessary force when executing a petition.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Public Facilities Bonds. Description: Authorizing and empowering the County Commissioners of Washington County to borrow not more than $50,000,000 in order to finance the construction, improvement, or development of certain public facilities in Washington County and to effect such borrowing by the issuance and sale at public or private sale of its general obligation bonds; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County and Montgomery County - The Washington Suburban Transit Commission Reform Act PG/MC 103-24. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of Transportation's designee to attend meetings of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Board of Directors on behalf of the Secretary when the Secretary is not available; authorizing the Washington Suburban Transit Commission to reappoint a certain appointee to be a principal member of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Board of Directors; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission - Connection Pipe Emergency Replacement Loan Program - Expansion PG/MC 101-24. Description: Expanding the Connection Pipe Emergency Replacement Loan Program to include certain sewer pipes and diagnostic actions; altering the maximum amount of a loan that may be made under the Program from $5,000 to $10,000; altering the total amount of loans that the Program may provide or have outstanding from $1,000,000 to $2,000,000; and increasing to $200,000 the amount of funding through fiscal year 2034  which the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission must include for the Program in the Commission's budget.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Armed Forces - Support of Military Families and Addition of Space Force. Description: Adding the Space Force to certain provisions of law related to the armed forces; authorizing military spouses and residents of the State who are members of the National Guard of another state or a reserve component of the armed forces to terminate certain contracts at any time after the date the service member receives certain military orders to relocate; altering the definition of a "military-connected student" for purposes of the Purple Star Schools Program; and authorizing the Governor to make certain posthumous awards.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment Workgroup. Description: Establishing the Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment Workgroup to study certain standards related to EV charging stations; and requiring the Workgroup to report its framework and recommendations to the Senate Education, Energy, and the Environment Committee and the House Economic Matters Committee on or before November 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax Subtraction Modification – Death Benefits – Law Enforcement Officers and Fire Fighters. Description: Allowing a subtraction under the Maryland income tax for the payment of a death benefit under a collective bargaining agreement to a spouse or beneficiary of a law enforcement officer or fire fighter whose death arises out of the course of employment; and applying the Act retroactively to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Highways – Tourist Area and Corridor Signage Program. Description: Establishing the Tourist Area and Corridor Signage Program to create a system of supplemental guide signs to direct motorists to eligible individual attractions by directing the motorists first to groups of attractions; requiring the State Highway Administration and the Department of Commerce to develop standards and procedures for determining the eligibility of an attraction for a sign; requiring the Administration to notify certain committees of the General Assembly at least 30 days before amending the Program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City Sheriff - Staffing. Description: Increasing from one to three the number of assistant sheriffs required to be appointed by the Baltimore City Sheriff; authorizing the Baltimore City Sheriff to appoint social workers and any additional sworn or civilian personnel if the funding for the personnel is provided in the ordinance of estimates or any other source; and applying the Act to all full-time sworn law enforcement officers who are deputy sheriffs at the rank of lieutenant or below and court security officers.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on the Creation of a Division of Returning Citizens and Expanded Reentry Services - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Task Force on the Creation of a Division of Returning Citizens and Expanded Reentry Services to identify reentry services in the State, develop a plan to establish a new division within the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services, and develop a plan to expand certain services for individuals after release from incarceration; and requiring the Task Force to submit a report of its findings and recommendations to the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Hate Crimes - Religion and Disability. Description: Defining "disability" as it relates to laws prohibiting hate crimes; and prohibiting a person from committing or attempting to commit certain crimes motivated either in whole or in substantial part by another person's religion.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Agency Workforce Policy for the 21st Century Act. Description: Repealing the requirement that an appointing authority send a copy of the selection plan and job announcement to the Secretary of Budget and Management at least 1 week before posting a job announcement; and repealing the requirement that the appointing authority wait until after the close of a position announcement to review qualified applicants.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection – Self–Administered Sexual Assault Evidence Collection Kits. Description: Providing that a party in a criminal trial involving an allegation of sexually assaultive behavior may not introduce information that physical evidence of sexually assaultive behavior was obtained using certain materials; providing that selling, offering for sale, or distributing a certain self-administered sexual assault evidence collection kit is an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice; establishing the Forensic Nurse Examiner Training Grant Program and the Forensic Nurse Examiner Training Grant Program Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Advisory Council and Commission on Behavioral Health Care Treatment and Access - Alterations. Description: Altering the membership and terms of members of the Behavioral Health Advisory Council; altering the membership of the Commission on Behavioral Health Care Treatment and Access; and requiring the Commission, in coordination with the Council, to make recommendations regarding the continuation of the State's behavioral health carve-out and the financing structure and quality oversight necessary to integrate somatic and behavioral health services and ensure compliance with the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Automatic Renewals. Description: Requiring a person who makes an automatic renewal offer to consumers to allow a consumer to cancel the automatic renewal in a certain manner; requiring automatic renewal offers to be displayed in a certain manner and contain certain information; establishing that compliance with certain regulations shall be considered to be compliance with the Act; and establishing that a violation of the Act is an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maternal Health – Assessments, Referrals, and Reporting (Maryland Maternal Health Act of 2024). Description: Establishing requirements on local health departments and certain health care providers and facilities regarding maternal health, including requirements regarding prenatal risk assessment forms and postpartum infant and maternal referral forms; requiring hospitals and freestanding birthing centers to participate in the Severe Maternal Morbidity Surveillance Program to identify risk factors and causes of Severe Maternal Morbidity; requiring the Program to report its findings and recommendations by December 1, 2025;  etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - 46th Alcoholic Beverages District - Revisions. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a total of 10 new Class B-D-7 licenses and a total of 2 new Class A-7 licenses within a certain bounded area; providing that, in the 46th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City, a certain license may be issued and an existing license may be moved to a building that is within 300 feet of a place of worship or school under certain circumstances; prohibiting the Board from authorizing a license to a recipient of a certain State grant; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Nursing - Executive Director Qualifications. Description: Altering the qualifications for the executive director of the State Board of Nursing.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment – Highways – Salt Application. Description: Requiring each State agency, county, and municipality to maintain certain records of its highway salt application and submit to the Department of the Environment by July 1 each year a report on its highway salt application for the previous fiscal year, including the total amount of salt applied and the amount of salt the jurisdiction had at the beginning of the fiscal year.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Pharmacy - Prohibition on Discrimination Against 340B Drug Distribution. Description: Prohibiting a 340B manufacturer from taking certain direct or indirect  actions to limit or restrict the acquisition or delivery of a 340B drug; making a violation of the Act an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice within the meaning of the Consumer Protection Act; and requiring the Maryland Prescription Drug Affordability Board to conduct a study of the 340B Program and report its findings and recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly by July 1, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County – Sheriff – Salary. Description: Increasing the annual salary of the Sheriff of Carroll County to $191,078.10 beginning in 2026 and $212,309 beginning in 2027.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Organizations - Underlying Crime. Description: Altering the definition of "underlying crime" that is applicable to certain prohibitions against participation in criminal organizations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Maryland Entertainment District Security Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Maryland Entertainment District Security Grant Program to assist community organizations, nonprofit entities, and local governments in funding security operations during times of high pedestrian traffic in certain entertainment districts; establishing the Maryland Entertainment District Security Grant Program Fund; authorizing the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2026 and each fiscal year thereafter, to include up to $1,000,000 in the annual budget bill for the Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Opportunity for Filers to Register to Make Anatomical Gift. Description: Requiring the Comptroller to implement procedures to offer certain income tax return filers the opportunity to register to make an anatomical gift in accordance with the Maryland Revised Uniform Anatomical Gift Act through a hyperlink to the anatomical gift donor registry.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup for the Deaf, Deafblind, and Hard of Hearing - Established. Description: Establishing the Workgroup for the Deaf, Deafblind, and Hard of Hearing to study and make recommendations regarding certain services, programs, advocacy, outreach efforts, and other items to improve the quality of life of individuals who are deaf, deafblind, or hard of hearing; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by June 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Transportation Authority - Tolls - Collection and Use (Maryland Toll Rate Reform Act of 2024). Description: Requiring the Maryland Transportation Authority to transfer $75,000,000 annually, beginning July 1, 2025, to the Transportation Trust Fund and to continue to make the transfer until the Authority has transferred total cumulative payments in the amount of $750,000,000; increasing a certain Authority revenue bond cap from $3,000,000,000 to $3,750,000,000; and authorizing the Authority to offer toll discounts to daily commuters and Maryland E-ZPass account holders under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Mental Health and Substance Use Disorder Benefits - Sunset Repeal and Modification of Reporting Requirements. Description: Altering certain reporting requirements on health insurance carriers relating to compliance with the federal Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act; altering requirements for certain analyses of nonquantitative treatment limitations required of health insurance carriers; establishing certain remedies the Commissioner may use to enforce compliance with the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act and related reporting requirements; repealing the requirement that a certain form be used for the reporting requirements; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Blind and Visually Impaired Students - Textbook Equity. Description: Establishing requirements for each county board of education regarding provision of the instructional materials that will be used in the upcoming school year for students with individualized education programs; requiring the county board to coordinate with the Instructional Resources Center to provide the materials in a specialized format to blind or visually impaired students; requiring, beginning January 1, 2025, certain textbook publishers to provide an electronic file of pupil edition textbooks; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Remote Ultrasound Procedures and Remote Fetal Nonstress Tests. Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program to provide remote ultrasound procedures and remote fetal nonstress tests if the patient is in a residence or a location other than the office of the patient's provider and the provider follows the same standard of care that the provider would follow when providing the services on-site.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Automatic License Plate Readers - Captured Plate Data Storage and Upload. Description: Altering the definition of "historical data" to include automatic license plate reader data stored by cloud computing; establishing that certain captured automatic license plate reader data is the property of a certain law enforcement agency and may not be sold for any purpose; establishing that certain captured automatic license plate reader data may be uploaded to the Maryland Coordination and Analysis Center; and extending certain penalties for a violation of the Act to a vendor contracted by a law enforcement agency.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Blueprint for Maryland's Future Implementation - Funding for Implementation Coordinators. Description: Requiring for each fiscal year each county board of education to provide $150,000 for the salary and benefits of the Blueprint for Maryland's Future implementation coordinator in the county; and requiring the implementation coordinator's salary and benefits to be paid for by the State and the county in a certain proportion.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Class 4 Limited Winery License - Requirements and Authorizations. Description: Altering certain cultivation or production requirements applicable to a holder of a Class 4 limited winery license by basing them on certain agricultural products instead of grapes and other fruit; and altering the standards for the purchase of certain wine by a license holder.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: 9-1-1 Specialist Recruitment and Retention Workgroup. Description: Establishing the 9-1-1 Specialist Recruitment and Retention Workgroup to identify and examine recruitment and retention challenges that affect 9-1-1 specialists in the State; and requiring the Workgroup to submit an interim report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024, and a final report on or before December 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Compensation for Individuals Erroneously Convicted - Alterations. Description: Altering certain benefits that a certain individual who has been erroneously convicted of a crime is entitled to receive; requiring the State to notify a certain individual of certain information in writing under certain circumstances when the State intends to reduce or prevent an award of compensation to the individual; and repealing obsolete provisions of law relating to the filing of a certain petition for compensation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B Beer, Wine, and Liquor Licenses. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a Class B beer, wine, and liquor license in a certain area; and establishing the requirements for a holder of the license.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: 9-1-1 Trust Fund - Purposes - Training in Telecommunications Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation. Description: Altering the purposes of the 9-1-1 Trust Fund to including funding the costs of telecommunications cardiopulmonary resuscitation training.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Human Relations Commission - Subpoena Enforcement. Description: Authorizing the Human Relations Commission of Anne Arundel County to apply to a circuit court in any county to seek relief if a party fails to comply with a subpoena.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Department of Education - Division of Rehabilitation Services - Funding. Description: Authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill a certain appropriation to the Division of Rehabilitation Services in the State Department of Education to ensure the State match amount for the Division is met as required by certain federal acts.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners - Veterinary Technicians and Veterinary Assistants. Description: Authorizing a veterinary assistant to perform certain tasks under the immediate or direct supervision of a veterinary practitioner or a veterinary technician under the direct supervision of a veterinary practitioner; and authorizing a veterinary technician to perform certain procedures, including certain emergency procedures and euthanasia, if the veterinary practitioner determines the veterinary technician is qualified to perform the procedures.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Standing - Environmental and Natural Resources Protection Proceedings (Clean Water Justice Act of 2024). Description: Providing certain persons standing in environmental and natural resources protection proceedings; authorizing persons that meet standing requirements to bring certain civil actions under certain circumstances; requiring a plaintiff, under certain circumstances, to give certain notice and provide certain documentation to the Department of the Environment and the Attorney General and to file a certain affidavit; authorizing a court to grant certain relief, award certain costs, and impose certain civil penalties; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Miriam Kelty Aging and Senior Social Connection Hub and Spoke Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Miriam Kelty Aging and Senior Social Connection Hub and Spoke Pilot Program in the Maryland Department of Aging; establishing that the purpose and the goals of the Pilot Program are to support the "village" concept of local, volunteer-led organizations that aim to provide certain services to community members who choose to age in place and to expand those services to more residents in the geographic region; and requiring the Montgomery County Village Consortium to establish a certain plan and submit certain reports.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Advanced Practice Registered Nurses - Certification Requirement and Exceptions. Description: Requiring an individual, subject to certain exceptions, to be certified as an advanced practice registered nurse before practicing advanced practice registered nursing in the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Intrastate Emergency Management Assistance Compact - City of Frederick. Description: Authorizing the City of Frederick to participate in the Maryland Intrastate Emergency Management Assistance Compact.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Service Commission - Energy Storage Devices - Acquisition and Deployment. Description: Establishing that a person that applies for a certificate of public convenience and necessity in response to a certain order is eligible for an expedited review process of the application; requiring the Public Service Commission to give priority to the review of and final action on certain applications for a certificate of public convenience and necessity; subjecting certain contracts entered into under the Act to a certain project labor agreement; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: County Boards of Education – Budgets – Notice (Transparency in Education Spending Act). Description: Requiring the State Board of Education to adopt a process for the uniform and timely reporting of certain county board of education budget information to a county governing body; requiring a county board to post certain budget information on the county board's public-facing website, in an easily identifiable location; requiring a certain audit to be sent to the county council or the county commissioners; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Restaurants and Traders - Licensing Requirements. Description: Altering an exception for licensed restaurants to the requirement that a person who does business as a trader or an exhibitor have a trader's license to apply only to restaurants that generate 10% or less of their annual sales from nonfood items.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Failure to Repair Serious and Dangerous Defects - Tenant Remedies (Tenant Safety Act of 2024). Description: Establishing that a landlord that offers a residential dwelling unit for rent is deemed to warrant the dwelling fit for human habitation; authorizing multiple tenants to join as plaintiffs in a civil action against a landlord and authorizing a court to issue an order for separate trials or other orders necessary to prevent delay or avoid prejudice; providing that a court may order certain relief in civil actions relating to the breach of warranty of habitability, including actual damages, abatement of rent, and lease termination; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County – Alcoholic Beverages – Performing Arts Theater License. Description: Altering eligibility for a performing arts theater license in Harford County by altering the definition of "performing arts theater" and authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the license to a certain for-profit theater, rather than a nonprofit theater; authorizing the holder of the license to sell liquor for on-premises consumption in addition to beer and wine; and altering the license fee from $500 to $1,500.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Care Commission – Nursing Homes – Acquisitions. Description: Requiring a person, at least 60 days before the closing date of the acquisition of a nursing home, to submit a request for acquisition to the Maryland Health Care Commission and provide certain notice to residents, resident representatives, and employees of the nursing home; establishing requirements regarding the approval or denial of a request for acquisition of a nursing home; providing for judicial review of a final decision of the Commission regarding a request for acquisition of a nursing home; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Certified Nursing Assistants - Licensing Requirements and Administrative Updates. Description: Exempting an individual who practices as a certain nursing assistant for less than 4 months under federal regulations from the State's certification requirement; altering the designation of, and licensure requirements for, certified nursing assistants and geriatric nursing assistants; requiring an applicant for certification as a certified nursing assistant to complete a nursing assistant competency evaluation; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sexual Assault Forensic Examinations Conducted Through Telehealth - Reimbursement and Study. Description: Authorizing the reimbursement of a sexual assault forensic exam conducted through peer-to-peer telehealth under certain circumstances; requiring the Maryland Sexual Assault Evidence Kit Policy and Funding Committee to conduct a study on the feasibility of a telehealth program that includes a pilot program for conducting sexual assault forensic examinations through telehealth; and requiring the Committee to report its findings and recommendations to the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment – Workforce Development – Talent Innovation Program and Fund. Description: Establishing the Talent Innovation Program in the Maryland Department of Labor to increase access to high-quality job training by using innovative and sustainable talent financing mechanisms to help meet skill needs in the State's prominent and emerging industry sectors; and requiring the Department, beginning on January 1, 2025, and each January 1 thereafter, to report to the Governor, the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House on Program activities and use of the Talent Innovation Fund.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals and Related Institutions – Residential Treatment Centers – Accreditation. Description: Altering the definition of "accredited residential treatment center" for certain provisions of law governing hospitals and related institutions to include residential treatment centers accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities or the Council on Accreditation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Growing Family Child Care Opportunities Pilot Program – Permanent Establishment. Description: Establishing the Growing Family Child Care Opportunities Pilot Program as a permanent program; and extending the appropriation that the Governor is required to make in the annual budget bill to the Program to fiscal year 2026.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cosmetologists - Esthetic Services - Definition. Description: Altering the definition of "provide esthetic services" to include certain services and to provide that it does not include the diagnosis of illness, disease, or injury or performing ablation of the dermis or hypodermis.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education – Virtual Tutoring Services – Applicant Review. Description: Requiring a virtual tutoring service that contracts with a county board of education, including the Baltimore City Board of School Commissioners, or a nonpublic school to conduct a criminal history records check for any individual at the virtual tutoring service who engages with a minor; and exempting certain virtual tutoring services from collecting certain information about its employees under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Information Technology - Evaluation and Development of a 3-1-1 Portal Using Artificial Intelligence. Description: Stating the intent of the General Assembly that the Department of Information Technology evaluate the feasibility of creating a virtual 3-1-1 portal as a source for Maryland residents to obtain nonemergency government information and services utilizing artificial intelligence and that the Department prioritize the creation of the portal if feasible.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services - Maryland Emergency Department Wait Time Reduction Commission - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Emergency Department Wait Time Reduction Commission to address factors throughout the health care system that contribute to increased emergency department wait times; authorizing the Commission to request data from certain entities; and requiring the Commission, beginning November 1, 2025, to report annually to the Governor and General Assembly on its activities and findings including updates on the development, impact and, implementation of the recommended programs on emergency department wait times.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Playground Surfacing Materials - Prohibitions. Description: Prohibiting, on or after October 1, 2024, a person from installing, supplying, selling, soliciting, or offering for sale playground surfacing materials that contain a certain concentration of lead or a component product, material, or substance to which PFAS chemicals were previously intentionally added for certain purposes; prohibiting a county, municipality, or unit of local government from adopting any ordinance, rule, or regulation related to playground surfacing materials that is less stringent than of the Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Uniform Disposition of Abandoned Property Act – Maryland 529 Program – Exemption. Description: Exempting certain accounts under the Maryland 529 Program from the provisions of the Maryland Uniform Disposition of Abandoned Property Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment – Water Pollution Control – Protecting State Waters From PFAS Pollution (Protecting State Waters From PFAS Pollution Act). Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to identify significant industrial users that currently and intentionally use PFAS chemicals by July 1, 2026; requiring the Department to develop certain PFAS monitoring and testing criteria for certain significant industrial users by January 1, 2025; requiring the Department by June 1, 2025, to develop PFAS action levels for addressing PFAS contamination from industrial discharge for pretreatment permits; requiring the Department to develop mitigation plans by September 1, 2025; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Opioid Overdose and Opioid-Related Emergency Medical Conditions - Treatment. Description: Requiring hospitals to establish and maintain certain protocols and capacity related to the treatment of patients who are being treated for an opioid-related overdose or opioid-related emergency medical condition; requiring hospitals to make a referral for patients who are diagnosed with opioid use disorder or administered or prescribed medication for opioid use disorder to an appropriate provider to voluntarily continue treatment in the community and work with peer support professionals for a certain purpose; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Grow Your Own Educators Grant Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Grow Your Own Educators Grant Program to provide grants to local school systems for employees who pledge to fulfill a certain service obligation as a full-time teacher in the State; requiring the State Department of Education to administer the Program and to take certain actions to develop and implement the Program; establishing the eligibility for certain teacher candidates in the Program and requiring teacher candidates to be paid a certain rate and offered certain benefits under the Program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government – Attorney General – Reports. Description: Altering certain reporting requirements for the Attorney General; and requiring the Attorney General to publish certain documents on the website of the Attorney General.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Dorchester County - Sanitary Commission - Transfer of Powers to County Council. Description: Authorizing the Dorchester County Council to, by public local law, abolish the Dorchester County Sanitary Commission, establish a department of public facilities and services, and provide for the department's abilities and functions, subject to certain requirements; and transferring certain responsibilities from the Dorchester County Sanitary Commission to the Dorchester County Council.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Nonpublic Schools – Transcripts – Prohibition on Punitive Measures Related to Student Debt. Description: Prohibiting nonpublic schools that participate in State-funded education programs from refusing to provide a current or former student or the student's parent or guardian with a transcript or taking other punitive measures regarding a student's transcript request because the student owes a debt to the nonpublic school.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Watershed, Stream, and Floodplain Restoration - Chesapeake and Atlantic Coastal Bays Restoration and Stream and Floodplain Restoration Funding (Whole Watershed Act). Description: Requiring, in each fiscal year from 2026 through 2030, up to $100,000 from the Chesapeake and Atlantic Coastal Bays 2010 Trust Fund to be used to fund certain operations grants at a rate of $20,000 per project sponsor each fiscal year; authorizing the use of the Waterway Improvement Fund for projects that involve the beneficial use of dredged material and for certain water quality monitoring; prohibiting the Department of the Environment from reducing certain monitoring requirements for certain projects; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Center for School Safety - Secure Schools Emergency Response Grant Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Secure Schools Emergency Response Grant Program to be administered by the Maryland Center for School Safety to provide funds to improve emergency notification systems and communications between public elementary and secondary school personnel, a public safety answering point, and a public safety agency during emergency events; requiring the Center to ensure that the Program is operating and available to each county board by September 1, 2026; and authorizing the Governor to include an appropriation in the annual budget bill.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Remains - Alkaline Hydrolysis and Natural Organic Reduction (Green Death Care Options Act). Description: Establishing a regulatory system for reduction operators and reduction facilities; establishing requirements and prohibitions related to the performance of alkaline hydrolysis and natural organic reduction and the disposition of hydrolyzed or soil remains by certain facilities; requiring the Director of the Office of Cemetery Oversight and the Director of the State Board of Morticians and Funeral Directors to adopt regulations governing the performance of natural organic reduction; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Nonprescription Drugs and Devices – Provision by Registered Nurses and Sale of Contraceptives Through Automatic Devices. Description: Prohibiting the sale of natural membrane condoms, rather than all nonlatex condoms, through a vending machine or other automatic device; excluding the violation of a certain provision of the Act from certain penalties; and authorizing registered nurses to provide, without a prescription, nonprescription drugs and devices in a local health department under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Technology Advisory Commission - Established. Description: Establishing the Technology Advisory Commission to study and make recommendations on technology and science developments and use in the State; and requiring the Commission to submit a report on its activities and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 31 each year.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cigarettes, Other Tobacco Products, and Electronic Smoking Devices - Revisions (Tobacco Retail Modernization Act of 2024). Description: Prohibiting licensees that sell cigarettes, other tobacco products, or electronic smoking devices at retail from displaying cigarettes, other tobacco products, or electronic smoking devices for sale unless the products are located behind a counter; requiring certain licensed retailers to verify an individual's date of birth in a certain manner before selling cigarettes, other tobacco products, or electronic smoking devices; altering the application fee for a county license to sell cigarettes or tobacco products at retail; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Maryland Antitrust Act - Enforcement Remedies. Description: Altering the definition of "restitution" to include disgorgement in certain provisions relating to remedies under the Maryland Antitrust Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Information Technology - Modernization of Information Technology Projects. Description: Altering the duties of the Secretary of Information Technology related to modernization of information technology systems; renaming the Major Information Technology Development Fund to be the Information Technology Investment Fund; requiring a certain amount of the Fund to be set aside for certain projects each fiscal year; requiring the Board of Public Works to expedite the placement on an agenda and approval of certain contracts; and altering the name, duties, and membership of the Modernize Maryland Oversight Commission.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Mathematics Credit - College Preparatory Computer Science or Computer Programming Course. Description: Authorizing a student who is enrolled at a public high school to satisfy part of a graduation requirement to earn credits in mathematics by completing a credit in an advanced placement computer science or computer programming course or an equally rigorous college preparatory computer science or programming course if enrolled in the course concurrently with or after completing Algebra II; and requiring a county board of education to make a certain certification that certain selected courses may count toward graduation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Video Lottery Facility Operations - Crimes of Moral Turpitude and Value of Table Game Chips - Alterations. Description: Altering the circumstances under which the State Lottery and Gaming Control Commission is required to disqualify an applicant who committed a certain crime involving moral turpitude from holding a video lottery employee license; and altering the definition of "value" as it relates to crimes involving theft to include the face value of a chip designated for use in table games.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Hospitals - Patient's Bill of Rights Training and Clinical Staffing Committees and Plans (Safe Staffing Act of 2024). Description: Requiring certain hospitals licensed in the State to establish a clinical staffing committee by January 1, 2025; requiring each clinical staffing committee to develop a clinical staffing plan by July 1, 2025; requiring that an administrator of a hospital, under certain circumstances, provide certain training regarding the patient's bill of rights either through training provided by staff members or by contracting with a third party.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Care Providers - Anaphylactic Food Allergies - Guidelines and Indemnity (Elijah's Law). Description: Requiring the State Department of Education and Maryland Department of Health to develop guidelines to reduce the risk of exposure to anaphylactic major food allergens in child care settings; requiring the State Department of Education to create a certain model policy; requiring certain large family child care homes and child care centers to adopt a policy to reduce the risk of exposure to anaphylactic major food allergens; and providing that certain child care providers and employees are immune from civil liability.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages – 40th Alcoholic Beverages District – Revisions. Description: Establishing a Class M-F (Municipal Family Fun Center) alcoholic beverages license in the 40th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a certain Class B beer, wine, and liquor license to a restaurant in a certain location; and authorizing a certain Class A license issued for a certain location to remain unexpired until the end of July 1, 2025, for the purpose of renewal.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation - MobilityLink Paratransit Service Improvements - Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Transportation Institute at the University of Maryland to conduct a study to identify methods to improve the Maryland Transit Administration's ADA MobilityLink paratransit service; requiring the Institute to submit a report on its findings and recommendations to the Governor, the General Assembly, and certain  officials by July 1, 2025; and authorizing the Governor in fiscal year 2026 to include in the annual budget bill at least $150,000 for the study.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Strategic Infrastructure Revolving Loan Program and Tax Increment Financing. Description: Establishing the Strategic Infrastructure Revolving Loan Program in the Maryland Economic Development Corporation to make loans for targeted investments in real estate and infrastructure projects located in sustainable communities, priority funding areas, and transit-oriented development areas; establishing the Strategic Infrastructure Revolving Loan Fund; authorizing the Corporation, with certain approval of a certain governing body, to pledge certain revenues generated within a certain area for certain purposes; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class BWLT Beer, Wine, and Liquor Tasting Permit. Description: Authorizing a Class BWLT beer, wine, and liquor tasting permit to be issued by the Board of License Commissioners for Allegany County.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland-Ireland Trade Commission - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland-Ireland Trade Commission in the Department of Commerce to study and make recommendations regarding bilateral trade relations and investment opportunities between Maryland and Ireland; and requiring the Commission by December 1 2025, to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Employees' and Teachers' Retirement and Pension Systems - Reemployment of Retirees. Description: Repealing a certain exemption from certain reemployed retiree earnings offsets for certain retirees of the Employees' and Teachers' Retirement and Pension Systems; repealing certain requirements that certain participating employers pay certain offsets under certain circumstances; establishing an exemption from a reemployed retiree earnings offset for retirees of the Teachers' Pension System who are reemployed by certain employers if the retiree's salary is funded from certain sources; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement Agency - Director of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion and Governance Program. Description: Establishing that the Executive Director of the State Retirement Agency shall employ a Director of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion of the State Retirement Agency; requiring the Director of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion to identify and minimize barriers to ensure access and opportunities to underrepresented groups; requiring the Executive Director to terminate the Director of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Sheriff - Salary. Description: Altering the annual salary of the Sheriff of Baltimore County.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Breweries, Wineries, and Distilleries - Direct Delivery. Description: Establishing direct-to-consumer alcoholic beverages permits authorizing the direct delivery of beer, wine, or liquor to a consumer; establishing the requirements an individual must meet to qualify for a direct-to-consumer alcoholic beverages delivery permit; establishing the maximum amount that a recipient of an alcoholic beverages delivery may receive annually; repealing a maximum amount that a consumer may purchase when visiting certain alcoholic beverages manufacturers; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public and Nonpublic Middle and High Schools - Venue-Specific Emergency Action Plans for Athletic Facilities (The Bailey Bullock Act). Description: Requiring that each public middle school and high school alter the venue-specific emergency action plan for athletic facilities to incorporate a cardiac emergency response plan; requiring each nonpublic middle school and high school that receives State funding to develop a venue-specific emergency action plan for athletic facilities; specifying the contents of a nonpublic venue-specific emergency action plan; and requiring that the emergency action plans be reviewed and updated annually.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Designations - State Fruit - American Persimmon. Description: Designating the American persimmon as the State fruit.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Clean Energy Center - Climate Technology Founder's Fund. Description: Establishing the Climate Technology Founder's Fund in the Maryland Clean Energy Center to provide early-stage funding for certain start-up companies; requiring the Maryland Energy Administration to use the Maryland Strategic Energy Investment Fund to provide at least $1,200,000 in fiscal year 2025 through 2028 to the Climate Technology Founder's Fund; authorizing the Governor to transfer by June 30, 2024 up to $2,200,000 from the Small, Minority, and Women-Owned Businesses Account to the Climate Technology Founder's Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums - Mandatory Insurance Coverage - Detached Units. Description: Altering the types of elements and units for which a council of unit owners is required to maintain certain property insurance; requiring the council of unit owners to annually notify, in writing, owners of detached units of certain property insurance obligations; limiting instances when an owner of a detached unit within a condominium is required to carry homeowners insurance on the entirety of the unit; and authorizing a council of unit owners to carry homeowners insurance on the entirety of all units located within a certain condominium.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Telephone Solicitation - Exemptions and Remedies. Description: Establishing that certain provisions of law that prohibit a person from making or causing to make a certain telephone solicitation that involves using a certain automated system or playing a recorded message do not apply to a noncommercial telephone solicitation for public opinion research; authorizing a certain called party who is aggrieved by a person who violates certain provisions of law to bring an action to enjoin further violations and to recover certain damages; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Kratom Consumer Protection Act. Description: Requiring a retailer that prepares, distributes, sells, or exposes for sale a kratom product to disclose the factual basis on which the representation is made; establishing prohibitions related to the preparation, distribution, and sale of kratom products, including prohibitions related to the sale of kratom to individuals under the age of 21 years and the marketing of kratom to minors; establishing certain penalties for violations of the Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Tianeptine Consumer Protection Act. Description: Prohibiting a retailer from distributing, selling, exposing for sale, or advertising for sale a tianeptine product to an individual; and establishing a penalty for a retailer who violates the Act of a fine of up to $5,000 or imprisonment for up to 90 days or both.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Fisheries - Oyster Management. Description: Repealing a provision of law prohibiting the Department of Natural Resources from taking any action to reduce or alter the boundaries of certain oyster sanctuaries until the Department has developed a certain updated fishery management plan for oysters; requiring the fishery management plan to end the overfishing of oysters in all areas and regions of the Chesapeake Bay and its tributaries where overfishing has occurred; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages – License Extensions. Description: Extending until July 1, 2025, the expiration date of certain alcoholic beverages licenses in Baltimore City that are issued for certain areas for certain transferal and renewal purposes under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Department of Education - Task Force to Study the Maryland Online Special Education System. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study the Maryland Online Special Education System; requiring the Task Force to consider the effectiveness, functionality and usability of the Maryland Online Individualized Education Program and the Maryland Online Individualized Family Service Plan and make recommendations to maintain and upgrade the system or to replace it with another platform; and requiring the Task Force to report its recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by June 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Estate Brokers - Brokerage Agreements - Requirements. Description: Requiring certain items to be included in a brokerage agreement between a real estate broker and a seller or lessor or a buyer or lessee.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Higher Education Commission - Academic Program Approval and Institutional Mission Statements - Requirements. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor, the Department of Commerce, and the Maryland Higher Education Commission to each have a certain staff member who performs certain duties related to defining, identifying, and compiling data regarding the workforce needs in the State; requiring the Commission to establish a Program Review Process Advisory Council; authorizing the Commission or an institution of higher education to file an objection to implementation of a proposed online program under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Gaming - Study on Video Lottery Terminals at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. Description: Requiring the Maryland Aviation Administration, in consultation with the State Lottery and Gaming Control Commission, to conduct a study on the feasibility of granting a video lottery operation license for a video lottery facility at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport; and requiring the Administration, on or before October 1, 2024, to report its findings and recommendations to the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Care Providers - Criminal History Records Checks and Abuse and Neglect Clearances - Requirements. Description: Requiring certain individuals to submit to a criminal history records check before the individual is authorized to have a position involving direct contact with children in a licensed child care center, registered family child care home, or registered large family child care home, subject to the availability of existing resources; requiring the State Department of Education to establish a dedicated unit to process certain criminal history records checks, subject to the availability of existing resources; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity – Tariffs, Distributed Energy Resources, and Electric Distribution System Support Services (Distributed Renewable Integration and Vehicle Electrification (DRIVE) Act). Description: Requiring a certain electric company to file certain time-of-use tariffs with the Public Service Commission by July 1, 2025; requiring a certain electric company to attempt to achieve a certain enrollment target for certain tariffs by January 1, 2028; authorizing the Commission to require the automatic enrollment of certain customers in a time-of-use tariff on an opt-out basis; requiring the Commission to certain adopt regulations on or before May 1, 2025; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Restorative Practices Schools - Comprehensive Plan. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to develop, by July 1, 2025, a comprehensive plan for the establishment of Restorative Practices Schools; requiring a county board of education to use the comprehensive plan if the county board chooses to establish a Restorative Practices School; and requiring the Department to report by December 1, 2025, to the Governor and the General Assembly on the comprehensive plan for the establishment of Restorative Practices in Schools.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Breast and Lung Cancer Screening - Coverage Requirements. Description: Including image-guided breast biopsy in the definition of "supplemental breast examination" for the purpose of certain provisions of law requiring insurers, health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to provide coverage for supplemental breast examinations; clarifying that coverage requirements for lung cancer screening apply to follow-up diagnostic imaging; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Assisted Living Programs - Assisted Living Referrers - Requirements and Prohibitions. Description: Establishing certain requirements for assisted living referrers, including requirements related to the maintenance of general liability insurance, criminal history records checks, and the provision of certain agreements and descriptions of services; prohibiting an assisted living referrer from requesting payment for a referral more than 2 years after the referral is made; requiring an assisted living referrer to comply with all applicable data privacy requirements on or after October 1, 2025; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Reservoir, Dam, or Waterway Obstruction Construction Permits - Conditions for Exemption. Description: Altering the conditions under which a person is exempt from obtaining a permit from the Department of the Environment to construct or repair a reservoir, dam, or waterway obstruction.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Clean Water Commerce Account - Contracts for the Purchase of Environmental Outcomes. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment, in entering into a certain contract under the Clean Water Commerce Account for the purchase of an environmental outcome, to allow for nonuniform payment schedules for certain purposes; and authorizing the Department to require a certain payment or certain financial protections for contracts of a certain size to ensure certain outcomes.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Extreme Risk Protective Orders - Review of Court Records. Description: Authorizing researchers affiliated with institutions of higher education who are conducting academic or policy research to review a court record related to a petition for an extreme risk protective order.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Applications - Notice. Description: Altering a certain notice requirement before the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore County may approve an application for an alcoholic beverages license; and authorizing the Board to fulfill the notice requirement by posting online notice of an application hearing for an alcoholic beverages license at least 14 days before the application hearing date.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Information Technology - Artificial Intelligence - Policies and Procedures (Artificial Intelligence Governance Act of 2024). Description: Requiring each unit of State government to conduct certain inventories and assessments by December 1, 2024, and annually thereafter; prohibiting the Department of Information Technology from making certain information publicly available under certain circumstances; prohibiting a unit of State government from deploying or using a system that employs artificial intelligence under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Manufacturers and Dealers - Delivery of Vehicles. Description: Establishing that certain requirements for motor vehicle manufacturers, distributors, and factory branches to deliver new motor vehicles to licensed dealers apply after receipt of an electronic order.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Manufacturers and Dealers – Standing of Dealer Associations. Description: Authorizing a vehicle dealer association, on behalf of itself, a vehicle dealer, or a group of vehicle dealers, to request an administrative hearing on certain matters.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Business Occupations and Professions - Security Guards - Use of Force Reporting, Standards, and Certifications. Description: Prohibiting a use of force report from including information that is prohibited from disclosure by State or federal law; requiring an employer of a security guard providing security guard services on the premises of a health care facility to report every 7 days to the Secretary of State Police on the number of code greens initiated for combative persons and code purples initiated for security-only responses; and altering the effective date of certain provisions of law relating to security guards.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Tourism Zones - Designation and Benefits. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county or municipality to designate, by law, an area within that political subdivision as a tourism zone under certain circumstances; providing that the designation of an area as a tourism zone may not preclude the area from also being designated as an arts and entertainment district; authorizing a county or municipality to exempt from the admissions and amusement tax gross receipts from certain admissions or amusement charges levied in a tourism zone; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation - Rehabilitation Practitioners - Licensed Social Workers. Description: Authorizing licensed social workers to register as a rehabilitation practitioner; and authorizing a licensed certified social worker-clinical to provide evaluation services for workers' compensation claims related to permanent impairments involving a behavioral or mental disorder.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: School Leadership Training Program - Alterations. Description: Altering the school leadership training program developed by the State Department of Education and the Accountability and Implementation Board to require that the State Superintendent, county superintendents, and the chair and vice chair of the State Board, a county board, and the Accountability and Implementation Board complete the training; combining two leadership trainings into a single training; and providing for the content of the school leadership training.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Public Education Campaign on Prostate, Lung, and Breast Cancer Prevention. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to develop and implement a 3-year public education campaign on prostate, lung, and breast cancer prevention that targets communities disproportionately impacted by prostate, lung, and breast cancer on or before December 1, 2026; requiring the Department to implement the public education campaign on or before January 1, 2027; requiring the Governor to appropriate, in certain fiscal years, certain funding to the Department for the public information campaign from the Cigarette Restitution Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity - Offshore Wind Projects - Alterations. Description: Requiring the Public Service Commission to open a revised Round 2 proceeding on June 1, 2024, to evaluate certain offshore wind projects; prohibiting the Commission from approving an application for an offshore wind project unless the application includes commitments for in-State expenditures and investments; requiring the Commission to develop a certain plan to include a schedule of offshore wind energy procurements and proposed amounts of offshore wind energy for procurement through 2031; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Artificial Intelligence - Study and Regulations. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to conduct a comprehensive study of the potential use of artificial intelligence in public schools; requiring the study to evaluate best practices for the safe, responsible, and ethical uses of artificial intelligence, including practices that protect the personal information of students and school personnel; and requiring the Department to report the results of the study to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2024, and to adopt regulations based on the study by June 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Maryland Consumer Protection Act - Trade or Commerce Violations. Description: Altering the applicability of the Maryland Consumer Protection Act to include certain unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practices in trade or commerce, including any economic activity within the State that involves or relates to any commodity or service.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health and Department of Aging - Earned Income Tax Credit - Distribution of Information and Training. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to develop a process for providing information about the availability of the State's earned income tax credits to individuals enrolled or participating in certain programs or services, or potential enrollees in certain programs, administered by the Maryland Department of Health; and requiring the Department of Aging to provide training to the Maryland Access Point network to increase awareness of the availability of the State's earned income tax credit.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Recordation of Instrument With False Information - Penalties and Actions to Quiet Title. Description: Prohibiting a person from recording a deed or other instrument that the person knows contains false information; establishing a 3-year limitation on when a prosecution for a violation of the Act may be commenced; establishing a fine not to exceed $500 for a violation of the Act; and authorizing a court to award certain costs and attorney's fees in an action to quiet title if the action or a defense to an action is based on the alleged recordation of a deed containing false information.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City Coordinated Youth Violence Review and Response Team. Description: Establishing the Baltimore City Coordinated Youth Violence Review and Response Team to examine and prevent violence against youth through intensive case management; requiring that the review team be provided with access to certain information and records; establishing certain closed meeting, confidentiality, and disclosure requirements for certain information and records; authorizing police records concerning a child to be divulged to the review and response team; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property – Holding Over – Expedited Hearing and Service of Summons for Active Duty Service Member. Description: Requiring a District Court to hold a hearing on a tenant holding over within 45 days after a landlord makes a complaint if the landlord or the landlord's spouse is on active duty with the United States military; and authorizing a private process server to serve a summons if the constable or sheriff fails to serve the summons within 10 days after the summons is issued by the court.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Wasted Food Reduction and Diversion Fund and Grant Programs - Established. Description: Establishing the On-Farm Organics Diversion and Recycling Grant Program in the Department of Agriculture to award grants to eligible entities for on-farm organics recycling and compost use, wasted food prevention, and food rescue; establishing the Wasted Food Reduction and Diversion Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund and requiring interest earnings of the Fund to be credited to the Fund; establishing the Wasted Food Reduction and Diversion Grant Program in the Department of the Environment; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Internet Gaming - Authorization and Implementation. Description: Authorizing the State Lottery and Gaming Control Commission to issue certain licenses to certain qualified applicants to conduct or participate in certain Internet gaming operations in the State; authorizing the Governor, on recommendation of the Commission, to enter into certain multijurisdictional Internet gaming agreements; providing that certain payments to certain former video lottery employees may not be subtracted from the calculation of a certain benefit; submitting the Act to a referendum; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Land Use - Southern Maryland Code Counties - Subdivision Regulations - Property Dedication and Fee. Description: Authorizing a Southern Maryland code county to provide in the county's subdivision regulations for a dedication of real property for recreation, or the payment of a fee in lieu of dedication, to be used by the county for the purchase, development, and improvement of real property for recreational facilities.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Body Altering Aesthetics Advisory Committee. Description: Establishing the Body Altering Aesthetics Advisory Committee within the Maryland Department of Health to study whether the current health occupations licensing and certification system adequately regulates the body altering aesthetics industry in the State; and requiring the Advisory Committee to submit interim findings by December 1, 2024, and a final report with any recommended regulatory or legislative changes by December 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Division of Parole and Probation – Private Home Detention Monitoring – Earned Compliance Credits. Description: Authorizing individuals under supervision by a private home detention monitoring agency to receive earned compliance credits; requiring a private home detention monitoring agency to provide a report of an individual's compliance to the Division of Parole and Probation during the monitoring period; and establishing certain minimum elements to be included in the report.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County - Alcoholic Beverages - Underage Employees. Description: Lowering, from 18 to 16 years of age, the minimum age of an individual that may be employed by a license holder in Allegany County.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services - Study on Location of Individuals Prior to and Following Incarceration. Description: Requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to conduct an annual study examining and comparing certain data regarding an individual's residence prior to incarceration and on release from a State correctional facility; and requiring the Department by October 1, 2025 and each October 1 thereafter, to report the results of the study to certain committees of the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Maryland Commission on Health Equity and Commission on Public Health - Revisions. Description: Requiring the Maryland Commission on Health Equity to develop and monitor the statewide health equity plan required under a cooperative grant funding agreement with the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation; requiring the Maryland Commission on Health Equity to coordinate with the Maryland Department of Health and the Health Services Cost Review Commission when establishing a certain advisory committee; and altering the reporting requirements for the Commission on Public Health.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development – Continuing the CORE Partnership Fund – Extension. Description: Repealing the termination of the Continuing the CORE Partnership Fund; and requiring the Governor to include an appropriation in the annual budget bill for fiscal year 2026 and each fiscal year thereafter of $50,000,000 to the Fund.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Appeals and Grievances Process - Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring carriers to report additional data on the number of members entitled to health care benefits under a policy, plan, or certificate and the number of clean claims for reimbursement processed by a carrier to Maryland Health Commissioner.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County Agricultural Preservation Advisory Board - Term Length - Alteration Ho. Co. 15-24. Description: Limiting the term of a member serving on the agricultural preservation advisory board in Howard County to 3 years; and authorizing members currently serving on the agricultural preservation advisory board in Howard County to complete their terms.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Hearing Aids for Adults - Coverage. Description: Requiring insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations that provide certain health insurance benefits under certain insurance policies or contracts to provide certain coverage for certain hearing aids for adults; authorizing a limit on the benefit payable of $1,400 per hearing aid every 36 months; and authorizing an insured or enrollee to choose a certain hearing aid and pay a certain amount for the hearing aid without financial or contractual penalty to the provider of the hearing aid.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Alcoholic Beverages - Monopoly of Liquor Control Board and Dispensary - Repeal. Description: Repealing the monopoly of the Liquor Control Board for Wicomico County and its dispensaries on the sale and distribution of certain liquor at wholesale in the county; authorizing the holders of certain alcoholic beverages licenses to purchase alcoholic beverages from a dispensary or a wholesaler; repealing the prohibition on delivery of certain liquor by certain wholesalers; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B Beer, Wine, and Liquor Licenses - Purchases From Licensed Wholesalers and Self-Distribution. Description: Authorizing a Class B beer, wine, and liquor license holder to purchase liquor for retail sale from a licensed wholesaler; and authorizing a Class B beer, wine, and liquor restaurant license holder that has been issued a Class 9 limited distillery license to sell certain products manufactured under the distillery license in a manner consistent with the underlying Class B license for on- and off-premises consumption.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Veterans' Day - Authorized Public School Holiday. Description: Authorizing public schools to designate Veterans' Day as a public school holiday.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Candidates for Village Board or Columbia Council in a Village of Columbia – Reports of Donations and Disbursements Ho. Co. 10–24. Description: Requiring each village community association for a village of Columbia to require each candidate for election to the village board or the Columbia Council who receives donations or makes disbursements to file reports of the donations and disbursements with the village community association; requiring each village community association to make the reports of donations and disbursements available to the public; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County - Payment in Lieu of Taxes Agreements - Moderate Income Housing Ho. Co. 8-24. Description: Authorizing certain owners of real property and the governing body of Howard County to enter into payment in lieu of taxes agreements for maintaining a certain number of moderate income housing units at the property; requiring the County Executive of Howard County to publish on the county's website the methodology used to calculate the negotiated payment amount under a payment in lieu of taxes agreement authorized under the Act and to reevaluate the methodology at least once every 5 years; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Gwynns Falls State Park - Focus Group, Advisory Committee, and Report. Description: Requiring the Department of Natural Resources and Baltimore City to convene focus group meetings on the establishment of the Gwynns Falls State Park with community members and stakeholders that reside or operate in the vicinity of the proposed State park; requiring the Department and Baltimore City to establish a stakeholder advisory committee; and requiring the Department to submit a report to the General Assembly by December 1, 2025, on properties suitable for inclusion in the State park and certain funding requirements.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Cosmetologists - Membership - Alteration. Description: Altering the membership of the State Board of Cosmetologists by adding one licensed esthetician and decreasing the number of consumer members from two to one.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Brewery and Distillery Licenses. Description: Establishing in Frederick County a Class DBR brewery license and a Class DDS distillery permit; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue to the holder of a certain brewery license a Class DBR license to sell certain amounts of beer for on-premises consumption; authorizing the Board to issue to the holder of a certain distillery license a Class DDS permit to sell certain amounts of alcoholic beverages for on-premises consumption; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - School Employee Antibias Training - Requirements. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to develop guidelines for an antibias training program for school employees; requiring each county board of education to offer training based on the guidelines;  requiring each county board, every other year, to provide antibias training to each public school employee whose job duties include frequent interaction with students; requiring that antibias training be job-embedded, paid professional development training that is provided during nonteaching time; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Noncompete and Conflict of Interest Clauses for Veterinary and Health Care Professionals and Study of the Health Care Market. Description: Applying to certain veterinary and health care professionals certain provisions of law stating that certain noncompete and conflict of interest provisions in certain employment contracts are null and void as being against the public policy of the State; establishing certain prohibitions regarding noncompete and conflict of interest provisions for certain health care employment contracts and similar documents and agreements; and requiring the Maryland Health Care Commission to study certain issues related to the health care market in the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - Public School Construction - Funding and Administration. Description: Establishing that the State share of eligible costs for certain school construction projects that meet certain criteria is 100%; repealing the provision of law that would have repealed the School Safety Grant Program on June 30, 2026; reducing the appropriation for the Nancy K. Kopp Public School Facilities Priority Fund to $70,000,000 annually beginning in fiscal 2027; altering the uses of the Fund, giving the highest priority to schools with a severe facility issue; establishing the Workgroup on the Assessment and Funding of School Facilities; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electric System Planning - Scope and Funding. Description: Altering the scope of certain policy goals with regard to energy systems; requiring the Public Service Commission to report on certain projects relating to certain goals; altering the scope of certain funds that may be used for certain projects; requiring the Commission to adopt regulations to require investment in certain demand-side reliability and efficiency improvement methods; requiring that certain regulations adopted and orders issued by the Commission by December 31, 2025, be developed in a certain manner; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Substance Use Disorder Treatment and Recovery Levels of Care - Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to conduct a certain study on linkages between levels of care within the substance use disorder treatment and recovery continuum of care; and requiring the Department to report the results of the study and make recommendations on improvements to existing discharge and linkage requirements to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Civil Rights - Discrimination Based on Protected Characteristics and Reproductive Freedom. Description: Altering certain provisions of law prohibiting discrimination based on certain protected characteristics to include prohibitions on discrimination based on sexual orientation, gender identity, race, religious beliefs, marital status, and disability; and withdrawing and repealing Chapter 244 of the Acts of the General Assembly of 2023.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County – State’s Attorney’s Office Personnel – Application of County Personnel Laws and Collective Bargaining MC 12–24. Description: Establishing the right of certain employees of the Office of the State's Attorney in Montgomery County to organize and collectively bargain in accordance with certain personnel law governing county employees; establishing that employees of the Office of the State's Attorney are subject to the county merit system law and personnel regulations; establishing certain requirements related to collective bargaining for employees of the Office; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Drunk and Drugged Driving - Points Assessments. Description: Imposing assessments of 12 points for certain subsequent drunk and drugged driving violations.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Residential Property – Assignment of Contracts of Sale – Disclosure Requirements and Rescission. Description: Authorizing a seller and buyer of certain residential property to rescind a contract of sale without penalty at any time before closing if a certain seller does not provide a certain notice; establishing that a buyer is entitled to a refund of any deposit paid for the purchase of residential real property under certain circumstances; requiring that a contract of sale comply with the requirements of the Act; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Dorchester County - Definition of Public School Employee - Alteration. Description: Altering the definition of "public school employee" to include supervisory noncertificated employees in Dorchester County for purposes of collective bargaining.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cybersecurity - Office of People's Counsel, Public Service Companies, Public Service Commission, and Maryland Cybersecurity Council. Description: Authorizing the Office of People's Counsel to retain or hire experts in the field of cybersecurity; requiring certain public service companies to engage with a third party to conduct an assessment that analyzes certain critical software; requiring certain regulations adopted by the Public Service Commission to include cyber resilience; and defining "critical infrastructure" for certain provisions relating to the Maryland Cybersecurity Council.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Blueprint for Maryland's Future - Alterations. Description: Authorizing the State Department of Education to award funding for a new Judy Center or Family Support Center for planning and development under a certain circumstance; requiring the State Board to approve certain specifications for teachers and administrators relating to time spent in the classroom and time spent on other teacher activities; altering certain requirements relating to student-to-classroom personnel ratios and funding timelines for the Prekindergarten Expansion Grant Program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development - West North Avenue Development Authority - Alterations. Description: Altering the administration and membership of the West North Avenue Development Authority; specifying the powers and duties of the Authority, subject to certain limitations; exempting the Authority from certain provisions of law; requiring the Authority to take certain actions regarding the finances of the Authority; exempting the Authority from certain taxation or assessments under certain circumstances; establishing the West North Avenue Development Authority Fund to be used for administrative purposes; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Human Services - Electronic Benefits Transfer Cards - Restoration of Benefits. Description: Requiring, subject to a certain provision of law, the Department of Human Services to reimburse a beneficiary for any benefits lost due to the fraudulent use of the beneficiary's Electronic Benefits Transfer card and restore the benefits without further action from the household; and requiring the Department to establish a workgroup to study and make recommendations to the General Assembly by December 1, 2024, on a dedicated funding stream for the restoration of stolen benefits from certain assistance programs.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Emergency Services - Funding. Description: Increasing the motor vehicle registration emergency medical system surcharge for certain motor vehicles; providing for the distribution of revenues derived from the surcharge; altering certain provisions of law related to the Maryland Trauma Physician Services Fund; increasing the fines for certain violations related to driving while impaired; requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2026, to include an annual appropriation to the Senator William H. Amoss Fire, Rescue, and Ambulance Fund of at least $16,500,000; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County Public Schools - Differences in Capital Budget Proposals - Report Ho. Co. 16-24. Description: Requiring the Howard County Board of Education, under certain circumstances, to publish on the website of the Howard County public school system a report that details the differences between the Howard County Superintendent of Schools' proposed capital budget and the capital budget approved by the Howard County Board of Education and the detailed rationale for each difference; requiring the Howard County Board of Education to submit the report to the General Assembly; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Early Childhood Education - Publicly Funded Prekindergarten Programs - Alterations. Description: Altering staff qualifications in eligible prekindergarten programs; authorizing a county board to apply for funding to lease space for  prekindergarten programs; establishing an early childhood educator career ladder; requiring the Department of Education to establish prekindergarten provider hubs; requiring the Department to distribute a list of eligible private prekindergarten providers; requiring the Governor to appropriate in fiscal year 2026 an amount that is at least equal to the amount appropriated in fiscal year 2024; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County Task Force to Study Revenue Options for School Capital Needs Ho. Co. 18-24. Description: Establishing the Howard County Task Force to Study Revenue Options for School Capital Needs to identify capital needs of Howard County Public Schools and study options for closing any identified funding gaps; requiring the Howard County Council to submit a resolution to the Howard County Delegation to the General Assembly if the county council makes a certain determination; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Howard County members of the House of Delegates and the Senate by October 31, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Arts Incubator Workgroup - Established. Description: Establishing the Arts Incubator Workgroup to study how arts and cultural institutions can support local artists; requiring the Workgroup to submit to the Governor and the General Assembly by January 1, 2025, a preliminary report on its findings, including research, case studies, and examples of approaches used to support artists in other areas; and requiring the Workgroup to submit a final report by October 1, 2025, with recommendations on any necessary budget, facilities, or in-kind services to support local artists.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Soil Conservation Districts - Small Ponds - Plan Review Fees. Description: Authorizing a soil conservation district to recommend a fee system to cover the cost of reviewing plans for small ponds; establishing that any fees collected under the Act shall be supplemental to county and State funds; requiring a soil conservation district, in developing a fee system for small pond plans, to determine for the succeeding year the reasonable cost of reviewing the plans; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Professional and Volunteer Firefighter Innovative Cancer Screening Technologies Program - Funding. Description: Authorizing the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2025, to include at least $500,000 in the annual budget for the Professional and Volunteer Firefighter Innovative Cancer Screening Technologies Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, Speech-Language Pathologists, and Music Therapists - Appointment of Members. Description: Requiring the Governor to appoint the licensed audiologist members to the State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, Speech-Language Pathologists, and Music Therapists from a list submitted by the Maryland Academy of Audiology rather than by the Board.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Frederick County - Juveniles - Truancy Reduction Pilot Program. Description: Authorizing the Circuit Administrative Judge of the Sixth Circuit to establish a Truancy Reduction Pilot Program in the juvenile court in Frederick County.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Uninsured Driving Penalties - Funding for the Maryland Automobile Insurance Fund, Driver Education, and Transportation to Field Trips. Description: Altering the penalty for failing to maintain certain required security for certain motor vehicles and the distribution of the revenue derived from the penalties; establishing the Driver Education in Public High Schools Grant Program to provide grants to public high schools and nonprofit organizations to assist public schools in offering driver education courses; establishing the State-Aided Institutions Field Trip Grant Program to assist public schools in transporting students to field trips at State-aided educational institutions; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development – Cyber Maryland Fund and Program – Alterations. Description: Requiring the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to administer the Cyber Maryland Fund and Program; authorizing the Fund to be used for administrative expenses of the Program, including hiring staff, consultants and other professionals as necessary to implement, maintain, and administer the Program and the Fund; and requiring the Corporation to adopt certain standards.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Entertainment Council - Alterations. Description: Reestablishing the Maryland Entertainment Council to be the Maryland Entertainment Industry Council within the Department of Commerce to assess the State's existing assets, study certain existing State programs, agencies, and offices, and make recommendations on the development of a strategic plan for Maryland's future in the entertainment industry; and requiring the Council to submit an annual report by January 1 each year and a report of certain recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery - Student Information. Description: Requiring public schools in the State to notify students taking the ASVAB and parents or guardians of students taking the ASVAB of the option to prohibit the release of a student's ASVAB test scores to military recruiters; and repealing the requirement that certain schools provide certain notice to certain individuals regarding the release of student information and ASVAB test scores.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners - Scope of Practice, Reinstatements, and Examinations by Health Care Providers. Description: Altering the definition of "practice massage therapy" to include, subject to certain education and training requirements, instrument-assisted soft tissue manipulation techniques that enhance or imitate manual techniques; altering the circumstances under which the State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners is required to reinstate a license or registration; and requiring the Board to require a licensee or an applicant to submit to an examination by a health care provider under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners - Aiding or Abetting Unauthorized Practice - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a person from aiding or abetting the unauthorized practice of massage therapy; and providing penalties for a first violation of the Act of a fine of up to $5,000 or imprisonment not to exceed 1 year and for a subsequent offense, a fine of up to $20,000 per day or imprisonment not to exceed 5 years.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Kinship Care. Description: Altering the definition of "relative" to mean an individual who is a kinship caregiver for purposes of provisions of law relating to children in need of assistance; altering provisions of law relating to the kinship care program in the Department of Human Services and certain procedures for the placement of children in need of out-of-home placement.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Office of Legislative Audits - Performance Audits. Description: Altering the frequency of certain performance audits of the Board of Liquor License Commissioners for Baltimore City to once every 6 years instead of 4 years, and the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County to at least once every 6 years instead of 3 years that are required to be conducted by the Office of Legislative Audits.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Campaign Finance Activities - State Treasurer. Description: Prohibiting, during a regular session of the General Assembly, the State Treasurer and a person acting on behalf of the State Treasurer, as to a candidate for federal, State, or local office or certain campaign finance entities, from receiving a contribution, conducting a fund-raising event, soliciting a contribution, or depositing or using any contribution of money that was not deposited prior to the session.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation - Major Change in Bus Service - Publication on Website. Description: Altering the information that the Maryland Transit Administration is required to publish on its website before holding a public hearing on a major service change to include certain demographic information, a summary of any publicly available minutes, records, or documents related to the service change, and a brief statement explaining the reason for the service change; and requiring the Administration to distribute the report to certain officials and entities, including each member of the General Assembly whose district would be impacted.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore Regional Water Governance Model Workgroup - Established. Description: Establishing the Baltimore Regional Water Governance Model Workgroup to study the regional water governance approach in the Baltimore region; requiring the Governor to include an appropriation of $500,000 in the annual budget bill for the Workgroup; and requiring the Workgroup to report, on or before June 30, 2027, its findings to the Mayor of Baltimore City, the County Executive of Baltimore County, the Governor, and the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Forest Conservation Act – Modifications. Description: Altering the definition of "qualified conservation" for purposes of provisions of law related to forest mitigation banks; requiring the Department of Natural Resources to update a certain model local government ordinance by July 1, 2025, and adopt certain regulations relating to forest conservation on or before July 1, 2026; providing that a solar voltaic facilities granted a certificate of public convenience and necessity before July 1, 2023, may not be subject to certain afforestation requirements; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Bay Restoration Fund - Use of Funds - Municipal Wastewater Facilities - Sunset Repeal. Description: Repealing the termination date for certain provisions of law that expand the authorized uses of the Bay Restoration Fund to include certain costs associated with the connection of a property using an on-site sewage disposal system to a certain existing municipal wastewater facility.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property Assessments - Notice of Change in Value or Classification - Time Period. Description: Increasing, for taxable year 2024, the time period after which a failure to send a notice of change in value or classification creates an irrebuttable presumption that the prior value or classification of certain real property has not changed.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Children's Health Program - Eligibility and Administration. Description: Altering the eligibility requirements for the Maryland Children's Health Program; and repealing the requirement that the Program be administered, based on the family income of eligible individuals, through the Maryland Medical Assistance Program and managed care organizations or the MCHP premium plan.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Horse Racing - Racing Facility Ownership and Construction - Racing Operations. Description: Altering the location, type, and ownership of horse racing facilities that the Maryland Stadium Authority is authorized to finance; increasing the amount of debt that the Maryland Stadium Authority may issue for certain purposes in connection with certain racing facilities; requiring the Maryland Thoroughbred Racetrack Operating Authority to prepare certain financial statements; requiring the Authority to submit a copy of any lease of the Pimlico racing facility to the Legislative Policy Committee for review and comment; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Stadium Authority - Camden Yards Football Sports Facility Special Funds - Established. Description: Establishing the Camden Yards Football Sports Facility Capital Works Fund and the Camden Yards Football Sports Facility Emergency Repair Fund as special, nonlapsing funds to be administered by the Maryland Stadium Authority; providing that the purpose of the funds is to enable the Authority to pay all expenses related to capital improvements and repairs at the Camden Yards football sports facility; and requiring the transfer of certain amounts from a certain source into the funds.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Protecting Opportunities and Regional Trade (PORT) Act. Description: Establishing the Fallen Transportation Workers Scholarship Program and the Fallen Transportation Workers Scholarship Fund; authorizing the Secretary of Labor to exempt an individual from the requirement to be actively seeking work for unemployment insurance benefits eligibility; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor and the Department of Commerce to establish certain temporary relief programs to provide assistance to individuals and certain entities impacted by a certain closure of the Port of Baltimore; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity and Gas - Retail Supply - Regulation and Consumer Protection. Description: Altering a certain charge that may be assessed to a public service company; providing for the recovery of certain costs through rates; establishing an energy salesperson license for certain persons that offer or sell electricity supply agreements or gas supply agreements to customers in the State; establishing an energy vendor license for certain persons that provide energy sales services in the State; prohibiting a certain electricity supplier from marketing electricity as green power unless certain conditions are met; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile Law - Child in Need of Supervision - Mandatory Petition (NyKayla Strawder Memorial Act). Description: Requiring an intake officer to file a petition alleging that a child under the age of 13 years is either delinquent or a child in need of supervision if the child is alleged to have committed an act that results in the death of a victim; and requiring a law enforcement officer to forward a complaint alleging that a child under the age of 13 years committed an act that resulted in the death of a victim to the Department of Juvenile Services for appropriate action.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victims' Rights - Notification of Release From Confinement (Jaycee Webster Victims' Rights Act). Description: Requiring a certain commitment unit to include in a notification given to a victim, victim's representative, or witness regarding the release from confinement of a sentenced defendant or child respondent the name and telephone number of the lead victim services employee of the State's Attorney's office of the county in which the sentenced defendant or child respondent was prosecuted.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Credit for Dwelling House of Disabled Veterans - Alterations. Description: Altering eligibility for a certain property tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax on the dwelling house of certain disabled veterans to include individuals who have been declared by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to have a nonpermanent service-connected disability of 100% that results from blindness or any other disabling cause that was not caused or incurred by misconduct of the veteran; altering the criteria for determining the amount of the credit; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Law Enforcement Agencies - Positive Community Feedback. Description: Adding positive community feedback that was not solicited by the police officer who is the subject of the feedback to the list of records that are not considered personnel records for certain purposes; requiring the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to develop a process for citizens to submit positive community feedback; requiring each law enforcement agency to adopt the uniform citizen positive community feedback process; requiring a law enforcement agency to maintain a certain record; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Nonprofit Organizations. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County to issue a Class C (fraternal/sororal/service organization) alcoholic beverages license for use by an independent and nonprofit fraternal or sororal organization that meets certain requirements.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Expungement - Vendor Contracts. Description: Requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to include system upgrades required to allow for automated expungement of charges and partial expungement of charges in any vendor contracts being negotiated at a certain time.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Maryland Pediatric Cancer Fund and Commission. Description: Altering the use of the Maryland Pediatric Cancer Fund to require that the Fund be used only for pediatric cancer research instead of only for pediatric cancer research, prevention, and treatment and to allow funds from the Fund to be used for administrative expenses; and establishing the Pediatric Cancer Research Commission to oversee the award of competitive grants from the Fund and to develop criteria and a process for reviewing grant applications.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Tourism Zones - Designation and Benefits. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county or municipality to designate, by law, an area within that political subdivision as a tourism zone under certain circumstances; providing that the designation of an area as a tourism zone may not preclude the area from being designated as an arts and entertainment district; authorizing a county or municipality to exempt from the admissions and amusement tax gross receipts from certain admissions or amusement charges levied in a tourism zone; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cooperative Housing Corporations - Dispute Settlement. Description: Altering procedures for the dispute settlement mechanism under the Maryland Cooperative Housing Corporation Act and applying the mechanism to any complaint or demand formally arising on or after October 1, 2023, with a certain exception.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Campaign Finance - Draft Committees and Exploratory Committees. Description: Applying certain campaign finance requirements for a political committee to draft committees and exploratory committees; establishing requirements and prohibitions for draft and exploratory committees relating to the establishment of the committees, receipt of funds, and permissible disbursements; requiring an authorized candidate campaign committee that results from the draft committee or exploratory committee to make any equipment purchases from the draft committee or exploratory committee at the fair market value of the equipment; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Crimes Relating to Animals - Conviction and Sentencing. Description: Establishing that each domestic or farm animal harmed in a violation of a prohibition against animal cruelty is a separate offense and shall be deemed an individual victim for purposes of the sentencing guidelines stacking rule; and establishing that a conviction for a crime relating to animals may not merge with a conviction for any other crime based on the act establishing the violation and that a sentence imposed may be separate from and consecutive to or concurrent with a sentence based on the act establishing a violation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Pharmacists - Administration of Vaccines. Description: Authorizing a pharmacist to order and administer certain vaccinations to individuals in certain age groups if certain requirements are met; altering the vaccinations that a pharmacist can administer to individuals who are at least 3 years old; and altering the circumstances under which a pharmacist may administer certain vaccinations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Failure to Pay Rent Proceedings - Shielding of Court Records. Description: Requiring the District Court to shield all court records within 60 days after the final resolution of a failure to pay rent proceeding that did not result in a judgment of possession; authorizing the District Court, on motion of a tenant, to shield all court records relating to a failure to pay rent proceeding that results in a judgment of possession under certain circumstances; requiring the Maryland Judiciary to develop and publish on its website a certain form; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Cox Creek Citizens Oversight Committee - Alterations. Description: Altering the membership of the Cox Creek Citizens Oversight Committee; and requiring the Committee to monitor and provide input and feedback to the Maryland Port Administration regarding the management of dredged material at the Cox Creek Dredged Material Containment Facility, advise the Administration of certain complaints, and make recommendations to the Administration on the potential impact that activities at the Facility may have on nearby communities and natural resources.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Public High School Athletic and Physical Education Facilities - Study. Description: Requiring the Interagency Commission on School Construction to conduct a comprehensive study analyzing the current condition of public high school athletic and physical education facilities in the State and to report to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2024; and requiring the Prince George's County Board of Education and the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission, by December 1, 2024, to meet to discuss potential partnerships to upgrade public high school athletic and physical education facilities in the county.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Board of License Commissioners. Description: Requiring the Governor, rather than the Mayor and the President of the City Council of Baltimore City, to appoint the members of the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City with the advice and consent of the Senate; authorizing the Governor, rather than the Mayor and the President of the City Council of Baltimore City, to remove a member of the Board for certain infractions; requiring certain members of the Board to be residents of the City or to have served in City government for a minimum of 5 years immediately preceding the appointment; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Orphans’ Court Judges – Elections. Description: Requiring that candidates for judge of the orphans' court appear on the ballot without party designation.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax Credit - Disabled or Fallen Law Enforcement Officer or Rescue Worker - Alterations. Description: Altering, for purposes of a certain property tax credit for a certain dwelling, the definition of "fallen law enforcement officer or rescue worker" to include disabled law enforcement officers or rescue workers who have died regardless of the cause of death; authorizing, under certain circumstances, the amount of the credit for a dwelling owned by a disabled or fallen law enforcement officer or rescue worker or the surviving spouse or cohabitant to be in the same proportion as the property tax credit initially granted for the dwelling; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Manslaughter by Vehicle or Vessel - Increased Penalties (Jamari's Law). Description: Increasing the maximum period of imprisonment for a first conviction for manslaughter by vehicle or vessel from 10 years to 20 years and for a second or subsequent conviction, or having been previously convicted for certain other crimes, from 15 years to 30 years.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cosmetology Licensure Compact. Description: Entering into the Cosmetology Licensure Compact; establishing criteria for participating states; authorizing an individual practicing cosmetology to practice in a party state under certain circumstances; establishing the Cosmetology Licensure Compact Commission and its duties and powers; and providing for the amendment of and withdrawal from the Compact.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: General Assembly - Special Election to Fill a Vacancy in Office. Description: Requiring that a special election be held at the same time as the regular statewide primary and general elections that are held in the second year of a term to fill a vacancy in the office of Delegate or Senator in the General Assembly if the vacancy occurs before a certain date.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland Agricultural and Resource-Based Industry Development Corporation - Loans. Description: Altering a certain loan program to authorize the Maryland Agricultural and Resource-Based Industry Development Corporation to provide loans not exceeding $10,000 for each seasonal full-time job; expanding eligibility for the Maryland Watermen's Microloan Program within the Corporation to include, starting July 1, 2025, individuals who are residents of the State and hold a commercial fishing license to catch finfish, crabs, clams, or oysters issued by the Potomac River Fisheries Commission; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: More Opportunities for Career–Focused Students Act of 2024. Description: Requiring each public high school to inform students of certain employment and skills training opportunities in the same manner the school informs students of postsecondary educational options; requiring, when informing certain students about certain career opportunities, each public high school to highlight opportunities in high-skilled careers that do not require completion of a college degree and are in high demand; and requiring a county board to assist public high schools in completing the requirements of the Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Jury Service - Disqualification. Description: Providing that a person who has been convicted of a crime punishable by imprisonment exceeding 1 year and is currently serving the sentence imposed for the conviction, including a term of parole or probation, or has been convicted of a crime involving or relating to perjury, witness intimidation, jury intimidation, bribing a public employee or juror, fraud, or a related crime is not qualified for jury service.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program - State Supplement. Description: Lowering the minimum age from 62 to 60 years old that a member of a household must be for eligibility for a State-provided supplemental benefit under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; and increasing the amount of the supplemental benefit that the State must provide from $40 to $50.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Investigation of Suspected Homicide - Reporting. Description: Requiring the Department of State Police, on or before December 31 each year, to post on its website and submit to the Governor and the General Assembly a report detailing, for the preceeding calendar year, the number of investigations completed by the Department of deaths of incarcerated individuals suspected to be homicides that occur while the incarcerated individuals are in the custody of the Division of Correction and the number of cases referred to the Department for prosecution following an investigation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wage Payment and Collection - Pay Stubs and Pay Statements - Required Information. Description: Requiring that a notice of the pay rate, regular paydays, and leave benefits provided to an employee at the time of hiring be written; requiring that the statement regarding earnings required to be provided to employees by employers be written on the physical pay stub or online pay statement and include certain information; requiring the Commissioner of Labor and Industry to create and make available to an employer at no charge a pay stub template that may be used by an employer to meet the requirements of the Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Consumer Reporting Agencies - Information in Consumer Credit Reports. Description: Altering the items of information that a consumer reporting agency is prohibited from including in a consumer credit report.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Horse Riding - Helmet Requirement for Minors. Description: Prohibiting an adult from allowing certain minors to ride a horse, donkey, mule, or pony on a highway, a public horse-riding path, or the grounds of a certain facility unless the minor is wearing a properly secured helmet that meets or exceeds certain standards; exempting a minor who is receiving therapy services from a licensed medical provider and for whom the use of an alternative helmet is necessary, appropriate, and in compliance with certain guidelines for alternative helmet use; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - B-D-7 Licenses - Hours of Sale. Description: Altering a geographic boundary in the 45th alcoholic beverages district of Baltimore City within which a holder of a B-D-7 beer, wine, and liquor license must operate in accordance with certain hours.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums - Sales Contracts - Asbestos Disclosure. Description: Establishing the unenforceability of contracts for the sale of condominium units that do not contain a statement by the vendor or the unit owner as to whether the vendor or owner has actual knowledge of the presence of asbestos in the condominium, including a description of the location of the asbestos, whether abatement has been performed in the condominium, and the date of any abatement.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Relations - Commission on Civil Rights - Appeal of Final Orders. Description: Providing that a certain final order of the Commission on Civil Rights on a complaint alleging a discriminatory act is appealable in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Renewal. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County to extend the deadline by which a holder of an alcoholic beverages license must file an application for renewal; and extending the expiration date for certain licenses issued by the Board to July 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Disabled Veteran Registration Plates - Issuance. Description: Authorizing the Motor Vehicle Administration to issue certain special disabled veteran registration plates to disabled veterans who are between 50% and 99%, inclusive, service-connected disabled as designated or classified by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs; prohibiting the Administration from charging certain persons the fee required for replacement registration plates under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Evidence - Wiretapping and Electronic Surveillance - Fair Housing Testing. Description: Providing that it is lawful for a person to intercept an oral communication if the person is working as a fair housing tester for a fair housing testing program operated by the federal government, the State, a local government, or a nonprofit civil rights organization under certain circumstances; and providing that the contents of an intercepted oral communication may be used only for the purpose of enforcing federal, State, or local fair housing laws.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Care of Infants After Discharge (Safe Sleep Act of 2024). Description: Requiring a hospital to take certain actions relating to the care of infants as soon as practicable before the hospital discharges an infant after the birth of the infant, including providing oral and written educational resources to the parent or legal guardian on how to provide a safe sleep environment and providing a list of resources available for an infant's parent or legal guardian; requiring each hospital, by January 1, 2025, to establish a process for providing and confirming the receipt of the educational resources; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Child Pornography - Prohibitions and Penalties. Description: Prohibiting a person from possessing more than 100 images of certain child pornography or possessing images of certain child pornography depicting a minor or an individual indistinguishable from an actual minor younger than 13 years of age; providing that a person who violates the Act is guilty of a felony and on conviction is subject to imprisonment not exceeding 10 years; and providing that a sentence under the Act may be separate from and consecutive to or concurrent with a sentence imposed for certain other crimes.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Issuance of License Near a Place of Worship or School. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County to issue an alcoholic beverages license for an establishment that is within 500 feet of a place of worship or 1,000 feet of a school building if a license of the same class had been issued and was held by the same person seeking the new license and was in effect for the establishment before the place of worship or school building was built.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Board of Community College Trustees - Membership Alterations and Appointment Requirements. Description: Increasing by two members the membership of the Board of Community College Trustees for Anne Arundel County; and requiring the Governor to consider the geographic and ethnic representation of Anne Arundel County when making appointments to the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation - Major Change in Bus Service - Publication on Website. Description: Altering the information that the Maryland Transit Administration is required to publish on its website before holding a public hearing on a major service change; requiring the information to be posted on the Administration's website with a visible link identifying the proposed service change on the primary page for the routes, lines, or any corresponding paratransit service area; and requiring the Administration to distribute a certain report on proposed major service changes to certain officials.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Pregnancy and Postpartum Support (Prevention of Forced Infant Separation Act). Description: Requiring the Division of Correction to allow a certain pregnant woman and a certain woman who recently gave birth to transfer to the prerelease unit for women for up to 1 year following the birth; establishing the Healthy Start Bonding Program to facilitate strong bonds between incarcerated women and their children; and requiring the Division to allow liberal visitation between certain individuals and certain children under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tobacco Tax Stamp Refunds - Loss Due to Theft. Description: Authorizing a claimant who buys tobacco tax stamps to receive a refund for tobacco tax stamps affixed to stolen property; requiring the claimant to provide the Comptroller with certain documentation when making a claim for a refund; and providing for a fine for making a false claim of double the amount of any tax refund received in addition to any other authorized penalties.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Uniform Transfers to Minors Act - Transfers as Custodian for the Benefit of a Minor - Authorization of Court. Description: Increasing, from in excess of $10,000 to in excess of $25,000, the threshold amount for certain transfers by a personal representative, trustee, or conservator as a custodian for the benefit of a minor to require authorization by a court.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Continuing Care Retirement Communities - Transparency, Grievances, and Unit Reoccupancy. Description: Requiring a provider to post the provider's most recent disclosure statement on the provider's website; altering the number of times providers are required to hold a meeting open to all of the provider's  subscribers each year; requiring an authorized officer of a provider to provide a summary of certain grievance information at certain meetings; requiring the Department of Aging to collect certain information about internal grievances; requiring a provider to submit  certain reports to a subscriber under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Baltimore County School Board Nominating Commission - Publishing and Meetings Requirements. Description: Requiring the Baltimore County School Board Nominating Commission to publish the names of the candidates for appointment to the Baltimore County Board of Education on the Commission's website before interviewing the candidates; requiring meetings of the Commission that involve action on a candidate for appointment to the county board to be public; and requiring certain meetings of the Commission to be held without the public in attendance and recorded, and for the recording to be provided within 48 hours of receiving a certain request.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Appointment of Personal Representative - Objections. Description: Authorizing only an interested person or unpaid claimant, rather than any person, to file an objection to the appointment of a personal representative of an estate of a decedent.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Teacher Degree Apprenticeship. Description: Establishing the Teacher Apprenticeship Startup Grant Program in the Maryland Department of Labor to provide high school and college students and career changers opportunities to begin a career in education; requiring a sponsor particpating in a teacher apprenticeship program to establish of an apprenticeship that develops certain career paths and to pay apprentices certain compensation; authorizing the Department to award up to $225,000 to a sponsor to develop and launch a teacher apprenticeship program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Limited Worker Cooperative Associations - Authorization (Maryland Limited Cooperative Association Act). Description: Authorizing the formation of limited worker cooperative associations; and establishing rules and procedures for the formation, governance, conversion, and dissolution of limited worker cooperative associations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Commission on Veterans and Military Families. Description: Establishing the Maryland Commission on Veterans and Military Families to study and make recommendations for developing and implementing a statewide strategic plan to make Maryland the best state for veterans and military families, including legislative and budgetary recommendations; and requiring the Commission to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Abuse and Neglect - Reports and Records - Disclosure. Description: Requiring a local director of a local department of social services or the Secretary of Human Services to disclose certain reports and records of child abuse and neglect within 30 days after receiving a request if certain conditions are met; requiring the Secretary to notify the State's Attorney's office of a request to disclose certain reports and records of child abuse and neglect; requiring the State's Attorney's office to be given 30 days during which the office is authorized to redact certain portions of the reports and records; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Development Administration - Live Near Your School Program - Extension. Description: Extending the termination date for the Live Near Your School program and a related homebuyer program from September 30, 2024, to September 30, 2030.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workforce Development and Adult Learning – Leasing Training Program – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Leasing Training Program in the Maryland Department of Labor to train, prepare, and connect job seekers with careers in the residential rental housing industry; requiring the Division of Workforce Development and Adult Learning to administer the Program and award annually $250,000 in grants to eligible designated partnerships; authorizing the Governor to include a $250,000 appropriation in the annual budget bill for each of fiscal years 2026, 2027, and 2028 for the Program; requiring a certain report by January 1 each year; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Places of Public Accommodation - Motion Picture Houses - Captioning. Description: Requiring all motion picture houses to offer closed movie captioning for each screening of a certain motion picture; and requiring, if a motion picture is produced and available to motion picture houses with open movie captioning, a place of public accommodation that controls, operates, owns, or leases a motion picture house with eight or more screens in the State to provide open movie captioning for at least two screenings for each motion picture it screens each week for the first 3 weeks after a motion picture premieres in the motion picture house.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Interagency Food Desert Advisory Committee - Food Desert Study. Description: Requiring, on or before November 30, 2024, Interagency Food Desert Advisory Committee to conduct a study and make recommendations on reducing the number of food deserts in the State and to submit a report of its findings and recommendations to the Senate Committee on Education, Energy, and Environment, the Senate Finance Committee, and the House Environment and Transportation Committee.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Organized Retail Theft. Description: Providing that multiple thefts committed by the same person in multiple counties under one scheme or continuing course of conduct may be joined and prosecuted in any county in which any of the thefts occurred; prohibiting one or more persons from committing a series of thefts from retail merchants over the course of 90 days with an aggregate value exceeding $1,500; providing that a person who commits organized retail theft is guilty of a felony; providing that a conviction under the Act merges with a certain other conviction; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: University of Baltimore - Schaefer Center for Public Policy - Funding and Staffing Requirement. Description: Requiring the Governor, for each of fiscal years 2025 through 2027, to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $1,500,000 to the Schaefer Center for Public Policy at the University of Baltimore; requiring the Schaefer Center, in consultation with the Department of Legislative Services and with assistance from the staff of the State agencies represented on the Apprenticeship 2030 Commission, to provide staff for the Commission; and altering the report date of the Commission from December 1, 2023, to December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Social Work Examiners - Board Membership and Certified Social Worker Licenses. Description: Altering the membership of the State Board of Social Work Examiners; and repealing obsolete references to certified social worker licenses.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Statutory Liens - Motor Vehicles Towed or Removed From Parking Lots. Description: Establishing that a certain person has a lien on a motor vehicle towed or removed from a privately owned parking lot for charges incurred for any towing, recovery, storage, or notice provided under certain circumstances; establishing that the lien created under the Act shall be extinguished if the motor vehicle is reclaimed and the charges giving rise to the lien are paid by certain persons or entities; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Police Auxiliary and Reserve Volunteers. Description: Increasing, from $5,000 to $7,000, a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for an individual who is a qualifying police auxiliary or reserve volunteer; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2023.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employees - Parental Bereavement Leave. Description: Providing that certain State employees are entitled to use up to 10 days of parental bereavement leave with pay within 60 days after the death of the employee's child; providing that certain State employees are entitled to use up to 60 days of parental bereavement leave with pay within 60 days after the employee experiences a stillbirth or the death of the employee's infant; and prohibiting certain State entities from requiring State employees entitled to parental bereavement leave under the Act to use any other paid leave available to the employee.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Petition to Reduce Sentence. Description: Authorizing an individual who is serving a term of confinement to petition a court to reduce the sentence under certain circumstances; limiting the number of petitions that an individual may file to two; and establishing procedures for a proceeding under the Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Protection of Identity of Minor Victim. Description: Providing that a court or a party in a criminal or juvenile delinquency case may not disclose or allow inspection of an electronic or paper court filing, including a charging document, to a nonparty to the case unless the court or the party disclosing or allowing inspection of the filing redacts all identifying information relating to a minor victim that appears in the filing, unless the court finds by clear and convincing evidence that there is good cause to order otherwise.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Sexual Solicitation of a Minor Through Child Pornography - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting an individual from knowingly and with a certain intent soliciting a minor or law enforcement officer posing as a minor to engage in certain prohibited sexual acts with the minor by a certain means.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup to Study the Fiscal and Operational Viability of Public-Private Partnerships for Calvert County Public Schools. Description: Establishing a Workgroup to Study the Fiscal and Operational Viability of Public-Private Partnerships for Calvert County Public Schools; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Board of Calvert County Commissioners, the Calvert County Board of Education, the Interagency Commission on School Construction, and the Calvert County Delegation to the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Recounts – Procedures. Description: Requiring a petitioner for a recount to select the method for conducting the recount; limiting the methods from which the selection must be made; requiring a local board of elections to preserve and store certain voter-verifiable paper records in a certain manner and count the voter-verifiable paper record in a manual recount after a certain review; and establishing the process for an automated recount.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Orphans' Court Judges - Restriction on Practicing Law. Description: Altering a prohibition on judges of the orphans' court acting as attorneys to prohibit a judge of the orphans' court from acting as an attorney in matters related to the administration of an estate or a guardianship of a minor within the jurisdiction of the court in any county or Baltimore City, or the preparation of an estate plan or estate planning documents that might come within the jurisdiction of the court in any county or Baltimore City following the death of any individual.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health - Newborn Screening Program - Implementation of Testing. Description: Repealing a certain requirement related to the inclusion of a core condition in the system for newborn screening; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to implement testing for a core condition listed in the Recommended Uniform Screening Panel within 1 year and 6 months after the core condition is added to the Panel; requiring the Department to implement testing for Krabbe leukodystrophy within 1 year after the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services issues a recommendation to add screening of the condition to the Panel; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Drunk Driving Offenses - Expungement and the Ignition Interlock System Program. Description: Authorizing a person to file a petition for expungement of certain records relating to a probation before judgment for driving while impaired or driving while under the influence; and requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to require certain persons who are convicted of, or granted certain probation for, certain drunk driving offenses to participate in the Ignition Interlock System Program for certain periods of time.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Legally Protected Health Care - Gender-Affirming Treatment. Description: Altering the definition of "legally protected health care" to include certain gender-affirming treatment, including medications and supplies, for the purposes of certain provisions of law that prohibit health occupations disciplinary actions and certain actions in criminal and civil proceedings and the use of certain resources in furtherance of certain investigations and proceedings related to legally protected health care.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Provision of Maryland Youth Crisis Hotline Telephone Number - Alteration. Description: Altering the requirement that each county board of education provide certain students with the telephone number of the Maryland Youth Crisis Hotline by instead requiring that each county board of education provide certain students with the telephone number of the 988 Suicide and Crisis Lifeline.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Property Sales - Contract Disclosures - Superfund Sites. Description: Requiring the seller of residential real property located within 1 mile of a National Priorities List (NPL) Superfund site to include a certain addendum, written in conspicuous type, to the contract for the sale of the property; requiring the addendum to provide notice that within 5 days after signing and dating the contract of sale and on written notice to the seller, the buyer may void the contract and is eligible to receive a full refund of any money paid to the seller; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation - WMATA Operating Assistance - Alteration (Maryland Metro Funding Act of 2024). Description: Repealing, for certain fiscal years, the requirement that the Secretary of Transportation withhold 35% of the State's share of annual operating grants for the Washington Suburban Transit District if the State's operating assistance provided in the approved Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority budget increases by more than 3% over the total operating assistance provided in the prior fiscal year; and requiring the Secretary to withhold 35% of the State's share of grants for the District under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Indecent Exposure Within the Presence of a Minor. Description: Prohibiting a person from committing the common law crime of indecent exposure; prohibiting a person from, with prurient intent, committing the common law crime of indecent exposure when the person knows or reasonably should know that a minor is present and the minor is at least 2 years old and is more than 4 years younger than the person; and establishing a penalty of imprisonment not exceeding 5 years or a fine not exceeding $10,000 or both on a conviction for the crime of indecent exposure in the presence of a minor.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services – Medical Parole – Life Imprisonment. Description: Repealing provisions relating to gubernatorial approval of a decision of the Maryland Parole Commission to grant medical parole to an inmate serving a sentence of life imprisonment.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employee Rights and Protections - Personnel Actions and Harassment - Investigation of Complaints. Description: Increasing, from 30 days to 60 days, the time period during which an investigation must be conducted and a written decision must be issued regarding a complaint filed by an applicant or employee alleging discrimination or harassment by an employer; and authorizing an extension of the time period by up to an additional 30 days if the applicant or employee who filed the complaint provides written authorization to the equal employment officer investigating the complaint.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Port of Baltimore - Renaming. Description: Renaming the Port of Baltimore to be the Helen Delich Bentley Port of Baltimore.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Correctional Ombudsman - Establishment and Funding. Description: Establishing the Office of the Correctional Ombudsman; authorizing the Justice Reinvestment Oversight Board to make a recommendation for the distribution of money from the Performance Incentive Grant Fund to the Office for fiscal year 2025 only; requiring the Office to conduct investigations, reviews, and assessments of administrative acts taken by the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services, by the Department of Juvenile Services, or in relation to individuals confined by either department; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup to Study Funding for the Westernport Wastewater Treatment Facility - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Workgroup to Study Funding for the Westernport Wastewater Treatment Facility to identify and examine existing funding sources that support the Facility and study whether increased funding could enhance operations at the Facility, the funding sources of comparable facilities in the region, and available and potential federal, State, and local funding sources for the Facility; and requiring the Workgroup to report, on or before December 1, 2024, its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Marriage Ceremony - Designation of Deputy Clerk. Description: Transferring, from the county administrative judge of the circuit court for the county to the clerk of the circuit court for the county, the authority to designate a deputy clerk to perform a marriage ceremony.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Taxes - Authority of Counties to Establish a Subclass and Set a Special Rate for Vacant and Abandoned Property. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county to establish, by law, a subclass of real property consisting of vacant lots or improved property cited as vacant and unfit for habitation or other authorized use on a housing or building violation notice and to set a special property tax rate for certain vacant lots or improved property cited as vacant and unfit for habitation or other authorized use; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Driver's Licenses - Suspension for Child Support Arrearages - Exception. Description: Establishing a certain exception to the authority of the Child Support Administration to notify the Motor Vehicle Administration of an individual's child support arrearages for the purpose of suspending the individual's driver's license or privilege to drive if the obligor's income is at or below 250% of the federal poverty guidelines; and authorizing the Child Support Administration to consider certain information in determining the income of an obligor under the Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Teachers' Retirement and Pension Systems - Reemployment. Description: Clarifying a certain exemption from a certain reemployment offset for retirees of the Teachers' Retirement System and Teachers' Pension System who are reemployed by a local school system under certain conditions; and providing for the retroactive application of the Act to certain retirees who were reemployed by the Harford County Board of Education.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Medical Records - Fees - Attorneys Representing Patients. Description: Adding an attorney representing a patient to the list of individuals to whom a health care provider is prohibited from charging a fee for providing copies of a medical record that will be used for the purpose of filing a claim regarding or appealing a denial of Social Security disability income or Social Security benefits.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Property - Affordable Housing Land Trusts - Authority to Establish Condominium Regimes. Description: Authorizing a condominium regime to be established on certain land owned by an affordable housing land trust.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Access to Counsel in Evictions Program - Mandated Reports. Description: Altering the information relating to the Access to Counsel in Eviction Program required to be reported by the Maryland Legal Services Corporation each year to include the number of cases in which an individual was provided legal representation, the amount paid to attorneys for each case managed, the geographic distribution of cases, the disposition of cases decided, the amount of certain funds allocated to each designated organization, and the number of individuals provided legal representation for multiple cases.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Comprehensive Flood Management Grant Program - Funding for Underserved and Overburdened Communities. Description: Requiring at least 40% of funding provided under the comprehensive flood management grant program to be used for projects located in or directly benefiting underserved or overburdened communities; and authorizing the Governor to include in the annual State budget an appropriation of up to $20,000,000 for the comprehensive flood management grant program in fiscal year 2026 and each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Towing or Removal – Insurer of Record – Electronic Notification. Description: Authorizing a person who undertakes the towing or removal of a vehicle from a parking lot to notify the insurer of record electronically if that form of notice is agreed to by the tower and the insurer of record in a certain manner.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Office of Legislative Audits - Performance Audits. Description: Altering the frequency of certain performance audits of the Board of Liquor License Commissioners for Baltimore City to once every 6 years instead of 4 years, and the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County to at least once every 6 years instead of 3 years that are required to be conducted by the Office of Legislative Audits.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Workgroup on Health and Wellness. Description: Establishing a Workgroup on Health and Wellness in Prince George's County to review and evaluate health and wellness practices, programs, services, and resources in Prince George's County and make recommendations regarding best practices in health and wellness community programming in the county; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Prince George's County Executive, the Chair of the Prince George's County Council, the Governor, and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Noise Abatement Monitoring Systems - Pilot Program. Description: Establishing a pilot program to authorize the use of noise abatement monitoring systems in Montgomery County and Prince George's County to enforce certain motor vehicle noise requirements; requiring a county that authorizes a program of noise abatement monitoring systems to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2025, on the effectiveness, performance, appropriate locations, costs and revenues, and citations issued in relation to the program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Military Records - Recordation and Inspection. Description: Altering certain provisions of law relating to the recordation and inspection of certain military records kept by the clerk of a circuit court to authorize the clerk to keep an electronic record instead of a book to record and index the discharge papers of a person who has served in the uniformed services of the United States and require the clerk to deny inspection of the electronic record except under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Schools - Alterations. Description: Altering certain requirements for community schools and community school coordinators; requiring the Director of Community Schools to create a common needs assessment tool and an evaluation form; requiring a community school coordinator to complete an evaluation and a needs assessment in a certain manner; authorizing the State Department of Education to provide comments to community school coordinators on implementation plans; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Termination of Residential Lease - Limitation of Liability for Rent. Description: Limiting a tenant's liability for rent under a residential lease to not more than 2 months' rent after the date on which the tenant vacates a leased premises if a physician or psychologist completes a form specifying that the tenant has a mental disorder that causes the continued habitation of the leased premises to be unfeasible or unsustainable and requires the tenant to move to a home, facility, or institution to obtain a higher level of care than can be provided at the leased premises and the tenant vacates the leased premises.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Interested Person - Definition. Description: Altering the definition of "interested person" for purposes of provisions of law governing the estates of decedents, guardians of persons and property, trusts, and powers of attorney.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education – Coaches – Mental Health Training. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to develop guidelines for public schools and the Maryland Higher Education Commission to develop guidelines for public institutions of higher education to train coaches to recognize indicators of mental illness and behavioral distress in students who participate in athletic programs in public schools and public institutions of higher education; requiring public schools and public institutions that offer athletic programs to provide a certain mental health training to coaches; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Waterway Incident Notification System (WINS) - Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Emergency Management to study issues and factors regarding the feasibility of establishing a Waterway Incident Notification System (WINS) to notify members of the public of certain waterway emergencies; and requiring the Department to submit to the Governor and the General Assembly an interim report of its findings and recommendations on or before December 1, 2024, and a final report on or before December 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Physician Assistants - Revisions (Physician Assistant Modernization Act of 2024). Description: Requiring that a physician assistant have a collaboration agreement, rather than a delegation agreement, in order to practice as a physician assistant; altering the scope of practice of a physician assistant; altering the education required for licensure as a physician assistant; authorizing physician assistants employed by the federal government to perform certain functions during a certain disaster; and requiring the State Board of Physicians to review and update the list of advanced duties for physician assistants.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Green and Renewable Energy for Nonprofit Organizations Loan Program and Fund. Description: Establishing the Green and Renewable Energy for Nonprofit Organizations Loan Program in the Maryland Energy Administration to provide financial assistance in the form of no-interest loans to nonprofit organizations for the planning, purchase, and installation of qualifying energy systems; establishing the Green and Renewable Energy for Nonprofit Organizations Loan Fund; authorizing, in fiscal year 2026, the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $5,000,000 for the Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: County Boards of Education - Bid Advertisement Threshold and Electronic Posting of Hearing Notices and Bid Advertisements. Description: Requiring county boards of education to post certain hearing notices and bid advertisements on the websites of certain local school systems; increasing the threshold amount of costs of school buildings, improvements, supplies, and equipment that require county boards to advertise for bids from $25,000 to $100,000; and updating the reference to the State's centralized procurement platform on which county boards may advertise for bids for school buildings, improvements, supplies, or equipment.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Notice of Utility Bills in Residential Leases - Gas and Electric Services. Description: Adding gas and electric utility services to the types of services for which landlords of buildings that contain six or more units are required to provide a written notice to a tenant, at the initiation of a lease and each term thereafter, providing the total utility costs billed to the landlord in the immediately preceding year for utility services, disaggregated by utility type; and applying certain requirements relating to payment of utility services to landlords of buildings that contain five or fewer residential dwelling units.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Support - Suspension of Driver's Licenses. Description: Altering provisions of law relating to the authority of the Child Support Enforcement Administration to notify the Motor Vehicle Administration of an individual's child support arrearages for the purpose of suspending the individual's driver's license or privilege to drive under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners in Optometry - Criminal History Records Checks. Description: Requiring an applicant for a license to practice optometry and certain applicants for the renewal of a license to submit to a criminal history records check obtained from the Criminal Justice Information System Central Repository of the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services; and providing that information obtained from the Central Repository is confidential, may not be redisseminated, and shall be used only for licensing purposes.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture – Pollinator Habitat Plan – Requirements for State Highway Administration. Description: Requiring the State Highway Administration's pollinator habitat plan to include policies and procedures regarding the use of pollinator habitat areas along State highways; requiring the Administration to track and evaluate federal programs that provide funding for pollinator habitats, native plants, and invasive species control and to apply for any funding that the Administration determines appropriate and beneficial to pollinator habitats; requiring the Administration to update the plan by October 1 each year; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public and Nonpublic Schools - Bronchodilators - Use, Availability, Training, and Policies. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, in consultation with certain groups, to develop training for certain school personnel to identify symptoms of anaphylaxis, asthma, and respiratory distress in students; requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in consultation with county boards, and authorizing nonpublic schools to establish a policy to obtain, administer, and train school personnel to administer in emergency situations bronchodilators to a student who is determined to be, or is perceived to be, experiencing certain symptoms; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Qualifying Nonprofit Organizations - Training and Reentry Services - Funding. Description: Authorizing the Governor to include an appropriation of $1,000,000 in the annual budget bill for fiscal years 2026 through 2028 to provide operating grants to certain qualifying nonprofit organizations for the purpose of providing training in automotive repair to incarcerated or formerly incarcerated individuals; and requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to administer the grant funds.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Facial Recognition Technology - Requirements, Procedures, and Prohibitions. Description: Establishing requirements, procedures, and prohibitions relating to the use of facial recognition technology by a law enforcement agency; requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to  develop and administer a training program regarding the use of facial recognition technology on or before June 30, 2026; requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention and Policy, on or before October 1 each year, to report to the General Assembly information reported by law enforcement agencies using facial recognition technology; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Prompt Payment of Suppliers. Description: Providing that certain provisions requiring prompt payments for State procurement contracts apply to payments owed by a contractor to a supplier.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Inmate Employment - Agricultural Work. Description: Repealing the authority of the Division of Correction to arrange for inmates not needed or being used by the State Highway Administration to perform emergency road work to be employed in agricultural work during any part of the year at a camp in Queen Anne's County or any other county with a similar camp.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Law Enforcement - Wellness Checks - Requirements (Gabriel's Law). Description: Requiring a law enforcement agency that receives a certain request for a wellness check of an individual to conduct a wellness check of the individual within a reasonable amount of time after receiving the request under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Public School Employees Property Tax Credit and Office of Integrity and Compliance PG 503-24. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Prince George's County to grant, by law, a property tax credit against the county property tax imposed on dwellings that are owned by certain eligible employees of the Prince George's County Public School System; requiring the Prince George's County government to submit a certain report concerning the credit to certain persons on or before a certain date; providing that the Office of Integrity and Compliance is an independent unit within the school system; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Personnel - Collective Bargaining - Supervisory Employees. Description: Providing collective bargaining rights to certain supervisory State employees; and requiring that certain supervisory State employees who are not confidential employees have separate bargaining units.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Preferred Provider Requirements - Waiver. Description: Authorizing the Pricing and Selection Committee for Preferred Providers to grant a waiver from a certain requirement to use a certain preferred provider for the procurement of supplies and services under certain circumstances; requiring the Committee to review a certain request for a certain waiver to the State or a State aided or controlled entity under certain circumstances; and requiring Maryland Correctional Enterprises to report the length of time between each order and delivery of supplies and services for each fiscal year.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Soil Conservation Districts - Small Ponds - Plan Review Fees. Description: Authorizing a soil conservation district to recommend a fee system to cover the cost of reviewing plans for small ponds; establishing that any fees collected under the Act shall be supplemental to county and State funds; requiring a soil conservation district, in developing a fee system for small pond plans, to determine for the succeeding year the reasonable cost of reviewing the plans; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Service Agencies - Reimbursement - Personal Assistance Services (Homecare Worker Rights Act of 2024). Description: Authorizing the Maryland Department of Health to reimburse a residential service agency for personal assistance services only if the personal assistance services are provided by an individual classified as an employee.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Aging - Caregiver Expense Grant Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Caregiver Expense Grant Program in the Department of Aging to award grants to certain caregivers for up to 30% of the qualified expenses that exceed $2,000 paid or incurred by the caregiver to provide care or support to certain qualified family members; and authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of up to $5,000,000 to the Program.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Housing Innovation Pilot Program and Housing Innovation Fund - Establishment (Housing Innovation Pilot Program Act of 2024). Description: Establishing the Housing Innovation Pilot Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development to create opportunities for the State's public housing authorities and county governments to increase the volume of housing production and to reward counties pursuing innovative solutions to the problem of housing scarcity; establishing the Housing Innovation Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund; requiring the Department to prioritize funding for projects that do not use low-income housing tax credit equity or tax-exempt volume cap; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: University System of Maryland - Board of Regents - Membership. Description: Requiring that certain appointing officials in making appointments to the Board of Regents of the University System of Maryland ensure that one member of the Board is a graduate of a historically Black college or university in the University System of Maryland; and applying the Act only after the next vacancy occurs on the Board of Regents after July 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums - Common Elements - Clean Energy Equipment. Description: Authorizing the board of directors of a condominium, by a majority vote, to grant leases in excess of 1 year or similar interests affecting the common elements of the condominium for the installation and use of leased clean energy equipment.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Northern Snakehead - Common Name. Description: Establishing the common name of the northern snakehead as the "Chesapeake Channa".
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Maryland Economic Development Commission – Alterations. Description: Altering certain requirements relating to industry representation on the Maryland Economic Development Commission and the purpose of the Commission; repealing a requirement that the Office of International Trade make a certain report to the Commission; and repealing a requirement that the Maryland Tourism Development Board submit certain plans to the Commission.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services - Paramedics - Immunization Administration - Effective Date. Description: Delaying the effective date to January 1, 2030, of certain provisions of law that repeal the authority of paramedics to administer influenza and COVID-19 immunizations under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Advisory Council and Commission on Behavioral Health Care Treatment and Access - Alterations. Description: Altering the membership and terms of members of the Behavioral Health Advisory Council; altering the membership of the Commission on Behavioral Health Care Treatment and Access; requiring the Commission, in coordination with the Council, to make recommendations regarding the continuation of the State's behavioral health carve-out and the financing structure and quality oversight necessary to integrate somatic and behavioral health services and ensure compliance with the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Military Installation Council - Membership. Description: Altering the membership of the Maryland Military Installation Council to include the Maryland Secretary of Labor or a designee, the State Superintendent of Schools or a designee, and the President of the Military Alliance Council of Charles County; and increasing the number of members selected by the Governor from 5 to 6 and requiring that at least one is a spouse of a service member.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Small, Minority, and Women-Owned Businesses Account - Alterations. Description: Altering the type of financial assistance that may be provided by eligible fund managers who receive grants from the Small, Minority, and Women-Owned Businesses Account in the Department of Commerce.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation - Failure to Insure - Penalties. Description: Increasing, from $10,000 to $25,000, the cap on penalties for an employer's failure to secure required workers' compensation insurance or comply with an order of the State Workers' Compensation Commission regarding an employer's failure to secure required workers' compensation insurance.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Conformity With Federal Law. Description: Conforming provisions of State health insurance law with existing federal requirements, including by updating effective dates for federal regulations, clarifying federal consumer protection regulations resulting from changes to the federal No Surprises Act, altering the material errors that trigger special enrollment periods, and authorizing the Maryland Health Benefits Exchange to adopt an expanded open enrollment period under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Senior Prescription Drug Assistance Program – Sunset Extension. Description: Extending to December 31, 2030, the termination date of the Senior Prescription Drug Assistance Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health – Public Health Services and Protections – Revisions. Description: Repealing the exceptions that allow the sale, distribution, or purchase of tobacco products, tobacco paraphernalia, and electronic smoking devices to or for certain individuals who are active duty members of the military; authorizing the Maryland Department of Health to reallocate from one county to another county certain projected unspent grant funding relating to cancer to address certain funding needs; altering the duties of the State Council on Child Abuse and Neglect; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations Boards – Reciprocal Licensure and Certification. Description: Authorizing certain health occupations boards to adopt regulations establishing reciprocity for individuals licensed or certified in another state.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Environmental Health Specialists – Quorum, Examination, and Apprenticeships. Description: Clarifying that a quorum of the State Board of Environmental Health Specialists consists of a majority of appointed members; altering the circumstances under which an applicant for licensure is qualified to take the examination by adding completion of an apprenticeship approved by the Board as an alternative to obtaining experience in an environmental health specialist-in-training program; and authorizing the Board to approve an examination provider to administer the examination.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Acupuncture Board – Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Acupuncture Board in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2030, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cemeteries - Burial-Transit Permits - Required Information. Description: Requiring a person in charge of a cemetery to write on a burial-transit permit, the date of final disposition, the name and physical address of the cemetery, the burial, inurnment or scattering section and the lot and space number, or if the body or fetus was cremated and a certain authorizing agent takes control of the cremains, the name and address of the authorizing agent and the authorizing agent's relationship to the deceased or fetus.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Occupational Safety and Health Advisory Board – Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the Occupational Safety and Health Advisory Board in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to June 1, 2034, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Attendant Care Program - Ongoing Additional Supports. Description: Altering the purpose of the Attendant Care Program to include the provision of financial assistance for ongoing additional supports that increase an eligible individual's independent performance of essential daily living activities and is requested by an eligible individual.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange - Qualified Health Plans - Dental Coverage. Description: Repealing a certain provision of law providing that a qualified health plan is not required under certain circumstances to provide essential benefits that duplicate the minimum benefits of qualified dental plans; and repealing the authority of the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to require children enrolling in a qualified health plan to have essential pediatric dental benefits required by the federal Secretary of Health and Human Services.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Penalties - Unauthorized Insurers, Insurance Producers, and Public Adjusters. Description: Altering the maximum civil penalty to which an unauthorized insurer or person that violates certain provisions of State insurance law is subject for each violation; and altering the maximum civil penalty that the Maryland Insurance Commissioner may impose, in addition to suspending or revoking the license, on the holder of an insurance producer license or a public adjuster licensee for each violation of State insurance law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Hearing Representation. Description: Requiring the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to allow corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, and sole proprietorships that are small employers to be represented by certain authorized individuals rather than an attorney in certain hearings held by the Commissioner.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Insurance – Protections After Loss or Damage to Property. Description: Prohibiting a public adjuster, or anyone acting on behalf of a public adjuster, from soliciting or attempting to solicit a client during the progress of a loss-producing occurrence or between the hours of 8:00 p.m. and 8:00 a.m.; requiring a public adjuster to provide notice to the Maryland Insurance Commissioner if the public adjuster enters into a public adjuster contract within 72 hours after the loss giving rise to an insurance claim; altering the statements that are required to be included in a public adjuster contract; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Employee Relations Act - Alterations. Description: Altering certain provisions of the Public Employee Relations Act, including adding the definition of interested employee organization, altering the timing of exclusive representative access to new employees, clarifying the responsibilities of certain deputy directors, and clarifying the process for certain investigations of unfair labor practices.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Work Search Requirement - Exemption for Federal Civilian Employees During a Federal Government Shutdown. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of Labor to exempt a federal civilian employee who has been furloughed from the requirement to be actively seeking work for unemployment insurance benefits eligibility if, during the furlough, the employee remains able to work, available for work, and work-attached.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sustainable Growth Subcabinet and Repeal of the Office of Smart Growth. Description: Repealing the Office of Smart Growth; repealing the position of Special Secretary of Smart Growth; renaming the Smart Growth Subcabinet to be the Sustainable Growth Subcabinet; and altering the membership and duties of the Subcabinet.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board for Certification of Residential Child Care Program Professionals - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board for Certification of Residential Child Care Program Professionals in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2030, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Dietetic Practice – Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Dietetic Practice in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act by extending to July 1, 2030, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Occupational Therapy Practice – Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Occupational Therapy Practice in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act by extending to July 1, 2030, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners in Optometry – Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Examiners in Optometry in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2030, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners of Psychologists - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Examiners of Psychologists in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2030, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Social Work Examiners - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Social Work Examiners in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act by extending to July 1, 2030, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; and requiring the Board, by December 1, 2024, to report to certain committees of the General Assembly information from the preceding 6-month period on processing times for license issuance and renewal, complaint resolution times, and the rate of compliance with certain requirements.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Professional Counselors and Therapists - Behavior Analyst Advisory Committee - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the Behavior Analyst Advisory Committee within the State Board of Professional Counselors and Therapists in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2026, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Committee.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Clean Indoor Air Act - Revisions. Description: Prohibiting vaping in certain indoor areas and places of employment and certain mass transportation; requiring that certain signs be posted and maintained in a certain manner in certain indoor areas and certain public entrances; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to convene a workgroup to study the issuance of alcoholic beverages licenses to tobacconists and report its findings on or before July 1, 2025; and prohibiting a local alcoholic beverage license from being issued to a tobacconist from July 1, 2024, to July 1, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Community Health Resources Commission – Sunset Extension and Program Evaluation. Description: Adding the Maryland Community Health Resources Commission to the governmental activities and units subject to the Maryland Program Evaluation Act; and extending the termination date to June 30, 2035, for certain provisions of law related to the Commission.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Libraries - Regional Resource Centers - Governing Board Membership. Description: Increasing, from one member to two members, the number of public members from each area served by the participating library systems on the governing board for each regional resource center.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: County Public Libraries - Minors, Children, and Teens - Prohibited Practices. Description: Prohibiting a county public library from charging a fine for overdue library materials borrowed by a minor or intended for children or teens; prohibiting a county public library from charging a reserve fee for library materials reserved by a minor or intended for children or teens; prohibiting a county public library from prohibiting the borrowing of library materials by a minor or the borrowing of library materials intended for children or teens because of previous overdue library materials; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Division of Pretrial Detention and Services - Facilities. Description: Altering the composition and authority of the Division of Pretrial Detention and Services within the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services; altering the authority of the Commissioner of the Division; establishing the Youth Detention Center in the Division; establishing the facility administrator and authorizing assistant facility administrators for the Youth Detention Center; and repealing authorization for the Baltimore City Detention Center.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - 9-1-1 Trust Fund - Alterations. Description: Altering the 9-1-1 Trust Fund to authorize the use of certain allocated funds for the payment of the salary of certain personnel.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources - Pay-For-Success Contracts - Procurement Exemption. Description: Exempting pay-for-success contracts negotiated or entered into by the Department of Natural Resources from certain provisions of the General Procurement Law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Motor Vehicle Insurance Companies - Requirements. Description: Requiring motor vehicle insurance companies to participate in the Administration's online verification program for vehicle insurance policies for law enforcement and administrative purposes; and requiring motor vehicle insurance companies to provide certain customer information details.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Volunteer Company Assistance Fund - Alterations. Description: Transferring certain duties relating to the Volunteer Company Assistance Fund from the Military Department to the Maryland Department of Emergency Management.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physical Therapy Examiners - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Physical Therapy Examiners in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act by extending to July 1, 2030, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of General Services - State Buildings and Facilities - Energy Conservation and Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions. Description: Altering the State's goals for reducing energy consumption in State buildings; requiring the Maryland Green Building Council to update the High Performance Green Building Program to ensure that the Program aligns with certain greenhouse gas emissions reduction goals; requiring the Department of General Services to identify State-owned facilities that are potential candidates for energy performance contracts; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Maryland State Parks - Funds and Plan Alterations. Description: Extending the date by which the Park System Critical Maintenance Fund must be expended to July 1, 2029; authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to expend up to $400,000 from the Park System Critical Maintenance Fund for a project that addresses critical maintenance concerns without prior approval of the Department of General Services; authorizing the Park System Capital Improvements and Acquisition Fund to be used for State projects on lands managed by the Department of Natural Resources for public purposes; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Division of Parole and Probation - Criteria for Earned Compliance Credit - Exception for Supervision Fees. Description: Altering a certain condition regarding the payment of certain restitution, fines, and fees that a certain supervised individual must satisfy to accrue certain earned compliance credit while under the supervision of the Division of Parole and Probation in the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Barbers - Sunset Extension and Report. Description: Continuing the State Board of Barbers in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2027, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; and requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to submit a report to the Joint Audit and Evaluation Committee on or before July 1, 2025, with information regarding the Board as determined by the Committee.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Charitable Organizations - Late Fees and Registration - Suspension and Cancellation Requirements. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of State to suspend payment of certain late fees assessed to certain charitable organizations under certain circumstances; and authorizing the Secretary of State to cancel a charitable organization's registration or reinstate a charitable organization's canceled registration under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Cosmetologists - Sunset Extension and Report. Description: Continuing the State Board of Cosmetologists in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2027, the termination provisions relating to certain statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; and requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to submit a certain report to the Joint Audit and Evaluation Committee on or before July 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Immediate Vesting. Description: Providing that an individual serving as the State Superintendent of Schools shall immediately vest in the State Retirement and Pension System.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Administration and Local Health Departments - Death Certificates - Issuance of Copies. Description: Authorizing the Motor Vehicle Administration and local health departments to access electronically from the Maryland Department of Health a copy of a death certificate and, on request, provide any person authorized by regulations with a certified or abridged copy of a death certificate; and authorizing the Administration and local health departments to set and collect a fee for processing and issuing death certificates, subject to certain limitations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Chesapeake and Atlantic Coastal Bays Critical Area Program - Enforcement. Description: Altering the enforcement and after-the-fact application approval procedures required as minimum elements of a local jurisdiction's Chesapeake and Atlantic Coastal Bays Critical Area Program to apply to all critical area violations; repealing the 30-day waiting period with which the Chair of the Critical Area Commission for the Chesapeake and Atlantic Coastal Bays must comply before referring certain enforcement matters to the Attorney General; and expanding the authority of the Attorney General to take certain equitable actions.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Adult Protective Services - Review Boards - Membership and Terms. Description: Altering provisions relating to the membership of, and the terms of members appointed to, adult public guardianship review boards.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Revisions. Description: Altering the information that clerks of the circuit court for each county and administrative clerks for each District Court are required to report to the State Administrator of Elections to include the names and addresses, if available, of individuals convicted of a felony in the respective court and sentenced to imprisonment with commitment papers; requiring the State Board of Elections to adopt regulations establishing an appeals process regarding certain requests to use public buildings as early voting centers; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State and Local Correctional Facilities - Operation of Unmanned Aircraft - Image Recording and Delivery of Contraband. Description: Prohibiting a person from intentionally operating an unmanned aircraft over a correctional facility to record images of the facility without the authorization of the managing official of the correctional facility or the Secretary of Public Safety and Correctional Services; prohibiting a person from using an unmanned aircraft to deliver contraband to a person detained or confined in a place of confinement; and requiring a correctional facility to post signage warning of the prohibitions in a visible area on the exterior of the property.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charter Counties - Comprehensive Plans - Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing. Description: Altering requirements for the housing element of a charter county's comprehensive plan to include requirements related to affirmatively furthering fair housing; requiring the housing element of a comprehensive plan that is enacted or amended on or after January 1, 2025, to include an assessment of fair housing to ensure that the county is affirmatively furthering fair housing; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Special Registration Plates - Gold Star and Next of Kin Families. Description: Authorizing the recipient of a U.S. Department of Defense Next of Kin lapel button to apply for special registration plates; and waiving the initial vehicle registration fee associated with special registration plates issued to the recipient of a Gold Star or a Next of Kin lapel button.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Driver's Licenses, Learner's Instructional Permits, and Identification Cards. Description: Exempting certain applicants for identification cards who present certain documentation from the issuance fee for the identification card; extending the term of certain learner's instructional permits from 180 days to 1 year after the date of issuance; and establishing that certain driver's licenses issued to certain holders by the Motor Vehicle Administration remain in full force and effect during an absence from the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Notarial Acts - Protest Form Requirement - Repeal. Description: Repealing the requirement that a notary public use a certain protest form.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Submerged Aquatic Vegetation - Alteration or Removal Requirements. Description: Authorizing certain persons to alter certain submerged aquatic vegetation in a certain manner and in accordance with certain requirements; authorizing a public utility company or telecommunications carrier to alter certain submerged aquatic vegetation in a certain manner and in accordance with certain requirements; and altering certain requirements related to the alteration or removal of certain submerged aquatic vegetation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Homeowners' Property Tax Credit - Application - Attestation of Gross Income. Description: Authorizing an applicant for the homeowners' property tax credit to attest to gross income on an application in lieu of providing an income tax return to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation under certain circumstances; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Sale, Barter, or Exchange of Mounted Specimens From Decedent's Estate. Description: Authorizing the sale, barter, or exchange of a legally acquired mounted specimen of a game bird, excluding a migratory game bird, or game mammal from a decedent's estate and the specimen is part of the personal property being liquidated or distributed.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Registration - Fee Due to Outstanding Warrant - Repeal. Description: Repealing the fee required to be assessed by the Motor Vehicle Administration against an applicant for registration of a motor vehicle who had previously been refused due to an outstanding warrant.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Homeowners' and Homestead Property Tax Credits - Application Filing Deadline - Extension. Description: Authorizing the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to accept an application for the homeowners' property tax credit submitted by a certain homeowner within 3 years after April 15 of the taxable year for which the credit is sought if the homeowner is enrolled in the Homeowner Protection Program; and providing for the calculation of the homestead property tax credit for certain homeowners under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of State Police - Professional Occupations - Application Process. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of State Police to determine the manner and format for applications for certification as a private detective, security guard, security systems technician, and railroad police officer and for a license to provide security guard services; altering the application requirements related to security guard agency, private detective agency, and security systems agency licenses and commercial general liability insurance; requiring an applicant for a special police commission to submit two sets of fingerprints; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Individual Tax Preparers - Sunset Extension and Report. Description: Continuing the State Board of Individual Tax Preparers in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2027, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; and requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to submit a certain report to the Joint Audit and Evaluation Committee on or before July 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Department of Assessments and Taxation - Office of the Director - Administrative Expenses. Description: Increasing from 5% to 15% the percentage of the administrative expenses of the Office of the Director of the State Department of Assessments and Taxation that the Department may pay from a certain fund.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Certified Local Farm and Fish Program - Annual Waiver Reports - Alterations. Description: Altering the annual deadline, from July 31 to October 31, for the Office for the Certified Local Farm and Fish Program to submit to the Board of Public Works a report of waivers requested and waivers granted under the Certified Local Farm and Fish Program; and altering the annual deadline, from October 1 to December 31, for the Board of Public Works to submit to certain standing committees a copy of a record of information regarding any waivers requested under the Certified Local Farm and Fish Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Persons Doing Public Business - Disclosure Requirements. Description: Requiring a person to file a registration statement with the State Board of Elections within a certain time period after the award of a contract that causes the person to be doing public business; requiring persons doing public business to update information on beneficial ownership included in the registration statement in accordance with regulations adopted by the State Board; altering the time at which a person doing public business is required to file a certain initial statement with the State Board; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Deputy Secretary of State - Title. Description: Altering the title of the Assistant Secretary of State to be "Deputy Secretary of State".
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Planning - Inventory Responsibilities. Description: Repealing a requirement that the Department of Planning prepare and periodically revise inventory lists of the natural resources of the State and certain public works and facilities.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board for Professional Land Surveyors - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board for Professional Land Surveyors in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2027, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; and requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to submit a certain report to the Joint Audit and Evaluation Committee on or before July 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board for Professional Engineers - Engineer Members - Qualifications. Description: Reducing from 12 to 10 the number of years that an engineer member of the State Board for Professional Engineers must have practiced engineering.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Electricians - Licensing - Penalties. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Electricians to impose a civil penalty of up to $5,000 instead of or in addition to reprimanding a licensee or suspending or revoking a license for certain violations; requiring the Board to consider certain factors to determine the amount of a penalty imposed under the Act; and requiring by October 1, 2024, the Board to submit to certain committees of the General Assembly a report, covering years 2018 through 2023, on the Board's practices and processes for the timely resolution of complaints against licensees.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Coast Smart Council - Duties and Authority. Description: Altering the duties of the Coast Smart Council to include the development of eligibility criteria, standards, and procedures for categorical exemptions from the application of the Coast Smart requirements for proposed capital projects that have been designed to include adaptation and resiliency features to prevent or mitigate damage to the maximum extent practicable; and authorizing the Council to recommend certain regulations for adoption by the Secretary of Natural Resources.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Wildland Areas - Belt Woods Wildland. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources, with prior approval of the Maryland Historical Trust and after an internal departmental review, to authorize within the Belt Woods Wildland archeological inventories, studies, and research that involve surface examination or limited subsurface sampling, salvage and excavation of archeological sites, and stabilization and restoration of historic structures existing as of December 1, 1985; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Aquaculture - Placement of Shellfish, Bags, Nets, and Structures on Submerged Aquatic Vegetation - Extension. Description: Extending to June 30, 2027, the authorization of a leaseholder of certain aquaculture leases to, with prior written approval from the Department of Natural Resources, place shellfish, bags, nets, and structures on submerged aquatic vegetation, subject to certain requirements; and requiring, on or before June 1, 2025, and each June 1 for the next 2 years thereafter, the Department to report certain information to the Aquaculture Coordinating Council, the Chesapeake Bay Program, and the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commercial Northern Snakehead License - Gear. Description: Repealing certain buffer zones within which a commercial northern snakehead licensee may not fish using bowfishing gear; and requiring a licensee who fishes for northern snakehead to comply with Department of Natural Resources regulations governing the use of gear.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Aquaculture - Definition of Shellfish - Alteration. Description: Altering the definition of "shellfish" as it relates to certain provisions of law governing aquaculture to include live bivalves and bivalve shells.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources - Maryland Geological Survey Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Geological Survey Fund to finance certain direct and indirect costs, including long-term budgeting and planning for survey projects, procurements, and equipment purchases; establishing the Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund in the Department of Natural Resources; and requiring interest earnings of the Fund to be credited to the Fund.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Board of Boiler Rules - Membership, Sunset Extension, and Report. Description: Altering the membership of the Board of Boiler Rules to include a representative with at least 10 years of experience in constructing, installing, and repairing boilers and pressure vessels; extending the termination date for the Board to July 1, 2029; and requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to submit a certain report to the Joint Audit and Evaluation Committee on or before July 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Just Community Designation. Description: Authorizing the Governor, on the recommendation of the Secretary of Housing and Community Development, to designate certain areas as Just Communities based on certain criteria; and providing for the prioritization of State funding for Just Communities to increase racial, economic, and health equity in the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Planning - State Repository and Clearinghouse for Federal and State Financial and Technical Assistance. Description: Repealing a requirement that the Department of Planning serve as a repository and clearinghouse for information concerning federal and State grants, loans, and other financial and technical assistance; repealing a requirement that the Department adopt certain regulations and publish certain information in the Maryland Register; and altering a requirement that the Department publish certain information concerning State financial and technical assistance offered through State assistance programs.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Bike Lanes and Shoulders - Yielding Right-of-Way (Sarah Debbink Langenkamp Memorial Act). Description: Prohibiting a person from committing a violation of a certain provision of law governing the right-of-way of a bicycle, a motor scooter, or an electronic personal assistive mobility device lawfully in a designated bike lane or shoulder that contributes to the serious physical injury or death of a person riding a bicycle, EPAMD, or motor scooter; and providing that a person convicted of a violation of the Act is subject to imprisonment not exceeding 2 months or a fine not exceeding $2,000 or both.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Registration - Exceptions for Golf Carts - Authorization. Description: Authorizing counties and municipalities to designate county or municipal highways under their respective jurisdictions on which a person may operate a golf cart; authorizing a person to operate a golf cart only on a highway with a maximum posted speed limit of not more than 30 miles per hour or, in Golden Beach Patuxent Knolls, St. Mary's County, 35 miles per hour, between dawn and dusk, and only if the golf cart is equipped with certain lighting devices; and repealing certain authorizations to operate golf carts in certain local areas.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Regulated Firearms - Maryland Judiciary - Reporting Requirements. Description: Repealing and altering a reporting requirement to require the Maryland Judiciary, instead of the State Commission on Criminal Sentencing Policy, to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before October 1 each year on the number of charges, convictions, and sentences for certain regulated firearm violations, disaggregated by jurisdiction, race, and gender.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Administration - Clarification and Technical Correction. Description: Clarifying that the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System may pay certain incentive compensation to the Chief Investment Officer for the State Retirement and Pension System if the Chief Investment Officer retires from the Investment Division of the State Retirement Agency in a certain manner; and correcting a certain incorrect reference of an age restriction applying to certain members of the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System that participate in the Deferred Retirement Option Program (DROP).
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Credit for Hotel or Residential Development Projects. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to grant, by law, a tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on real property that is used for certain hotel or residential development projects; and altering eligibility for a certain property tax credit in Wicomico County against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on real property that is used for certain hotel or residential development projects.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Teachers and State Employees Supplemental Retirement Plans - Automatic Enrollment. Description: Requiring the State Board of Trustees of the Maryland Teachers and State Employees Supplemental Retirement Plans to implement an automatic enrollment arrangement for State employees who are hired on or after January 1, 2025; and requiring an eligible employer to deduct wages of an employee for contribution to a supplemental retirement plan in accordance with an automatic enrollment arrangement, unless the employee has elected to withdraw from or cease to contribute to the supplemental retirement plan.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Paint Stewardship. Description: Requiring producers of architectural paint or a representative organization to submit a plan for the establishment of a Paint Stewardship Program to the Department of the Environment by July 1, 2025, and in accordance with certain requirements; requiring the Department to review and approve certain plans, including a certain assessment; prohibiting the sale of certain architectural paint beginning January 1, 2026 unless an approved Paint Stewardship Program has been implemented by certain producers; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals and Urgent Care Centers - Sepsis Protocol (Lochlin's Law). Description: Requiring, on or before January 1, 2025, each hospital and urgent care center in the State to implement an evidence-based protocol for the early recognition and treatment of a patient with sepsis, severe sepsis, or septic shock that is based on generally acceptable standards of care; requiring a specialty psychiatric hospital to establish a certain process; and requiring hospitals and urgent care centers to require periodic training in the implementation of the protocol for certain staff.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Affordable Housing - Identifying Suitable Property. Description: Repealing a requirement that the Department of Housing and Community Development identify certain property as suitable for use or redevelopment; prohibiting the Department from identifying certain property for use or redevelopment as affordable housing; and requiring the Department to consider certain factors when identifying whether a  property is suitable for use or redevelopment as affordable housing.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Private Dental Offices - Infection Control. Description: Requiring each owner of a private dental office to designate a licensed dentist to be the supervising dentist for the private dental office; requiring a supervising dentist to complete the registration required by the State Board of Dental Examiners and be responsible for all infection control activities within the private dental office; requiring the owner of a private dental office to designate an interim supervising dentist under certain circumstances; and authorizing the Board to charge a certain registration fee.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Producer Licensing Requirements - Education and Experience. Description: Repealing the requirements for education and experience for licensing of certain insurance producers, including producers for property and casualty insurance, life insurance, health insurance, annuities, and related products.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Commission on Climate Change Membership - Additions. Description: Adding the Secretary of Emergency Management, or the Secretary's designee, and the Chair of the Public Service Commission, or the Chair's designee, as members of the Commission on Climate Change.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission on African American History and Culture - Museum Name Change. Description: Altering the name of the museum operated by the Commission on African American History and Culture in certain provisions of law from the "Banneker-Douglass Museum" to the "Banneker-Douglass-Tubman Museum".
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Renters' Property Tax Relief Program - Assets Calculation. Description: Excluding the cash value of any qualified retirement savings plans or individual retirement accounts from the definition of "assets" for purposes of certain property tax relief provided to certain renters; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal and Civil Trespass - Professional Land Surveyors - Exception. Description: Establishing exceptions to certain criminal prohibitions against trespass on property and the civil tort of trespass for professional land surveyors, and agents and employees of professional land surveyors, who enter the property of another to practice land surveying.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation - Vision Zero - Implementation. Description: Establishing certain standards and requirements for implementing the Vision Zero program under the Maryland Department of Transportation.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Firearms - Right to Purchase, Own, Possess, and Carry. Description: Providing that a person may not be denied the right to purchase, own, possess, or carry a firearm solely on the basis that the person is authorized to use medical cannabis.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Confined Aquatic Disposal Task Force. Description: Establishing the Confined Aquatic Disposal Task Force to study and review the overall concept, viability, and available options associated with confined aquatic disposal programs to meet the long-term dredged material placement needs of the State and the financial, economic, and environmental impacts of confined aquatic disposal; and requiring the Task Force to submit a report of its findings and recommendations on or before July 1, 2025, to a certain executive committee and certain committees of the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County and Prince George's County - Rent Court Workforce Solutions Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Rent Court Workforce Solutions Pilot Program in Montgomery County and Prince George's County to provide defendant tenants in failure to pay rent cases with workforce resources and information on workforce development, registered apprenticeships, and other employment opportunities; and requiring, by January 1, 2026, and each January 1 thereafter, a designated organization to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on the number of individuals that were connected to certain opportunities through the Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Application and Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring an application for investment by the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to include an option for an applicant to provide certain demographic information of the applicant and the geographic area of the applicant's primary place of business; requiring the Corporation to submit a certain report to the Governor, the Maryland Economic Development Commission, and the General Assembly by October 1 each year concerning certain applicant and investment activities and certain demographic and geographic information; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Budget Bill (Fiscal Year 2025). Description: Making the proposed appropriations contained in the State Budget for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025, in accordance with Article III, Section 52 of the Maryland Constitution; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Creation of a State Debt - Maryland Consolidated Capital Bond Loan of 2024, and the Maryland Consolidated Capital Bond Loans of 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023. Description: Authorizing the creation of a State Debt in the amount of $1,845,046,000, the proceeds to be used for certain necessary building, construction, demolition, planning, renovation, conversion, replacement, and capital equipment purchases of the State, for acquiring certain real estate in connection therewith, and for grants to certain subdivisions and other organizations for certain development and improvement purposes, subject to certain matching fund requirements; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Budget Reconciliation and Financing Act of 2024. Description: Altering or repealing certain required appropriations; authorizing the use of certain funds for certain purposes; altering, from December 1, 2024, to January 15, 2027, the date by which the Accountability and Implementation Board has to conduct and submit a certain independent evaluation; altering the sales and use tax rate on certain electronic smoking devices; repealing a certain small business relief tax credit; requiring interest earnings for certain special funds to accrue to the General Fund of the State during certain fiscal years; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Employees' and Teachers' Retirement and Pension Systems - Reemployment of Retirees. Description: Repealing a certain exemption from certain reemployed retiree earnings offsets for certain retirees of the Employees' and Teachers' Retirement and Pension Systems; repealing certain requirements that certain participating employers pay certain offsets under certain circumstances; establishing an exemption from a reemployed retiree earnings offset for retirees of the Teachers' Pension System who are reemployed by certain employers if the retiree's salary is funded from certain sources; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Antlerless Deer Hunting Programs - Authorization. Description: Authorizing a person to receive a raffle ticket for each antlerless deer hunted by the person during a certain raffle program that has as its objective the hunting of antlerless deer.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Military Service Credit - Eligibility. Description: Repealing a limitation for members of the State Retirement and Pension System to receive certain service credit for active duty with the commissioned corps of the Public Health Service, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or the Coast and Geodetic Survey.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Schools - Rental Assistance for Community School Families Program and Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Rental Assistance for Community School Families Program to provide rental assistance to eligible student households; requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development, in consultation with the State Department of Education, to administer the Program; establishing the Rental Assistance for Community School Families Fund; authorizing the Governor to include an appropriation of $10,000,000 in the annual budget bill for the Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Personal Care Aides - Wage Reports. Description: Requiring residential service agencies to submit certain reports to the Maryland Department of Labor regarding wage rates for personal care aides by September 1 each year, beginning in 2025; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to report to the Senate Finance Committee and the House Health and Government Operations Committee by the 180th day after the release of the final federal Ensuring Access to Medicaid Services rule on an overview of the final rule and plans or steps that the Department will take to operationalize the rule.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Deadline for Selection of Lieutenant Governor. Description: Requiring a candidate seeking a nomination for Governor in a primary election to designate a candidate for Lieutenant Governor within 2 days after certification of the primary election; requiring a candidate seeking a nomination for Governor by any method other than a primary election to designate a candidate for Lieutenant Governor at the time of filing a declaration of intent to seek nomination; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Theft - Mail and Arrow Key. Description: Altering the prohibition against taking and breaking a letter; prohibiting the theft of mail under certain circumstances; prohibiting a person from possessing an arrow key with the intent to use or allow the use of the arrow key in the commission of a violation of the Act; and establishing penalties for violations of the Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Emergency Medical Services Board - Licenses and Certificates - Application Requirements. Description: Prohibiting the State Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Board from requiring an applicant to provide proof that the applicant is lawfully present in the United States or have a Social Security number or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number as a condition for licensure or certification; and requiring the EMS Board to require applicants for a license or certificate to disclose certain information or provide alternative documentation and record the information in the applicant's file for a certain purpose.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Contracts - Prohibited Provisions. Description: Prohibiting certain provisions from being included in State contracts; specifying that certain provisions are void if included in a State contract; specifying the applicable law and interpretation of State contracts; exempting a State contract relating to the purchase, redevelopment, or operation of a racing facility or training facility site from the prohibitions; and applying the Act prospectively to State contracts executed on or after October 1, 2024, and to the renewal or extension of a State contract on or after October 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - University of Maryland School of Medicine and MPowering Joint Steering Council - Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor to include $5,000,000 in the annual budget for the University of Maryland School of Medicine to provide clinical care at the University of Maryland Capital Region Medical Center; and requiring the Governor to include in the budget for the the MPowering Joint Steering Council to use exclusively on the University of Maryland Institute for Health Computing appropriations of $1,500,000 in fiscal year 2026, $3,000,000 in fiscal year 2027, $4,500,000 in fiscal year 2028, and $6,000,000 in fiscal year 2029 and after.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Teacher Development and Retention Program - Alterations. Description: Altering the definition of "institution of initial eligibility" to include community colleges as eligible institutions as part of the criteria for applicants for the Teacher Development and Retention Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force to Study Crime Classification - Renaming, Membership, and Duties. Description: Extending the Task Force to Study Crime Classification and renaming it to be the Task Force to Study Crime Reclassification and Penalties; requiring the Task Force to study the penalties for crimes and civil offenses under State law, the potential need for reclassification of certain crimes, the alteration of penalties, and whether certain changes should be made to crimes lacking an explicit mens rea; and
requiring the Task Force to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Sexual Extortion, Stalking, and Revenge Porn - Statute of Limitations and In Banc Review. Description: Altering the statute of limitations applicable to the crime of sexual extortion to be 5 years and the crime of stalking to be 10 years; providing that the State may institute a prosecution for revenge porn at any time; and providing that, for purposes of the Maryland Constitution, a person who commits revenge porn shall be deemed to have committed a misdemeanor whose punishment is confinement in the penitentiary and may reserve a point or question for a certain in banc review.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Catalytic Revitalization Project Tax Credit - Alterations. Description: Altering the amount of a certain credit against the State income tax that certain persons may claim for certain construction and rehabilitation costs for certain catalytic revitalization projects in the State; repealing a certain limitation on the number of initial tax credit certificates the Secretary of Housing and Community Development may award within a 2-year period; prohibiting the Secretary from revoking a tax credit certificate awarded on or before July 1, 2024, except under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Credit Eligibility and Transfer of Credits - English as a Second Language Courses (Credit for All Language Learning (CALL) Act). Description: Requiring a public community college to consider a course or program for English as a second language or English language learner as eligible for world language or humanities credit toward an associate's degree under certain circumstances; requiring that certain credits earned by students who transfer from community colleges to public institutions of higher education in the State be transferable; and requiring private nonprofit institutions of higher education in the State to review and consider the transfer of certain credits.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Military Vehicles - Registration and Operation. Description: Authorizing the Motor Vehicle Administration to register certain military vehicles; requiring all vehicles meeting certain criteria to be registered as a Class MV-C (military vehicle-collectors) vehicle; establishing a one-time registration fee of $51; establishing certain standards and procedures for the registration of military vehicles; requiring an owner of a military vehicle to submit with the registration application a certain certification relating to the purposes for which the vehicle will be operated; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations – Definitions, Emergencies, and Outstanding Stock – Revisions. Description: Altering certain definitions as they relate to certain Maryland business entities; authorizing a corporation to adopt certain emergency bylaws; authorizing a corporation to take certain actions during an emergency; limiting the liability of certain persons for certain corporate acts taken during an emergency; and clarifying when certain stock is outstanding.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Training Commission - Membership - Alterations. Description: Altering the membership of the Correctional Training Commission; requiring certain members of the Commission appointed by the Governor to represent certain geographic regions; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals and Related Institutions - Residential Treatment Centers - Accreditation. Description: Altering the definition of "accredited residential treatment center" for certain provisions of law governing hospitals and related institutions to include residential treatment centers accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities or the Council on Accreditation.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Firearms - Exception to Trespass Prohibition. Description: Establishing an exemption for a certain person who enters or trespasses on real property while wearing, carrying, or transporting a firearm under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Reports on Standing Orders and Opioid Overdose Reversal Drugs. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to report, on or before December 1, 2024, December 1, 2025, and December 1, 2026, to the Senate Finance Committee and the House Health and Government Operations Committee on current opioid overdose reversal drugs approved by the federal Food and Drug Administration and, for any approved opioid overdose reversal drug, whether the Department has added the drug to a standing order and, if not, the reasons why the drug has not been added.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Clinical Marriage and Family Therapists - Reciprocal Licensure Requirements. Description: Altering the licensure requirements that the State Board of Professional Counselors and Therapists may waive, and the circumstances under which the requirements may be waived, for applicants for a license to practice clinical marriage and family therapy in the State who are licensed or certified to practice clinical marriage and family therapy in another state, territory, or jurisdiction.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Veterans Affairs - Renaming and Deputy Secretary of Military Family Policy and Programs. Description: Renaming the Department of Veterans Affairs to be the Department of Veterans and Military Families; renaming the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to be the Secretary of Veterans and Military Families; requiring the Secretary to appoint a Deputy Secretary of Military Family Policy and Programs; and providing that the Department of Veterans and Military Families is the successor of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health Law - County Mental Health Advisory Committees - Membership. Description: Altering the membership of a county's mental health advisory committee by including an individual with experience with mental health care for veterans or individuals serving in the military on the list of groups from which individuals may be appointed to the committee by the governing body of the county.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Discrimination - Military Status - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting discrimination based on military status with regard to housing and employment.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Maryland Council on Economic Education - Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor, for each of fiscal years 2026 through 2028, to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $200,000 for the Maryland Council on Economic Education to support economic and financial literacy education of school-age children in the State; and providing that the funding may be used only to improve students' economic and personal finance understanding, provide free resources to public and nonpublic school special education financial literacy instructors, and assist with certain curriculum development.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Local Gaming and Authorization for Electronic Tip Jar Dispensers. Description: Authorizing, subject to certain provisions of law, a person that operates a tip jar in Frederick County to operate an electronic tip jar dispenser that does not connect to the Internet or to a server; altering certain obsolete language in provisions of law governing gaming in Frederick County; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Renewable Energy - Customer-Sited Solar Program. Description: Establishing the Customer-Sited Solar Program in the Maryland Energy Administration for the purpose of increasing deployment of customer-sited solar energy generating systems and providing grants to eligible customer-generators; authorizing a third party to apply for a grant on behalf of an eligible customer-generator under certain circumstances; requiring the Administration to develop a certain consumer protection policy; providing for the funding of Program grants from certain compliance fees in the Strategic Energy Investment Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Administration - State Administrator, Local Boards, and Election Directors. Description: Requiring the State Board of Elections to evaluate the performance of the State Administrator of Elections; requiring the State Administrator to provide a performance evaluation of the election director of each local board of elections to the local board; requiring each local board to confer with the State Administrator in appointing an election director, maintain a warehouse, and provide for early voting center expenses; requiring, rather than authorizing, election directors to take certain actions; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Seed Community Development Anchor Institution Fund - Alterations. Description: Expanding the purpose and use of the Seed Community Development Anchor Institution Fund administered by the Department of Housing and Community Development to include providing grants and loans to anchor institutions for a certain purpose in sustainable communities; and repealing a requirement that certain matching funds be from a private source.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Therapeutic Child Care Grant Program - Funding - Alterations. Description: Altering the fiscal years, from through 2025 to through 2028, during which the Governor is required to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $3,700,000 to the Therapeutic Child Care Grant Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Recordation - Procedures. Description: Requiring a county treasurer, tax collector, or director of finance to provide a certificate enumerating certain taxes, assessments, and charges against a property and to establish certain procedures to facilitate the issuance of a certificate; requiring a collecting agent presented with a certificate to endorse a deed on payment of transfer and recordation taxes and all charges stated in the certificate and establishing that this endorsement is sufficient authority for a transfer on the assessment books; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Meals for Achievement In-Classroom Breakfast Program - Alterations (Maryland Meals for Achievement Flexibility Act of 2024). Description: Clarifying that secondary schools participating in the Maryland Meals for Achievement In-Classroom Breakfast Program may serve breakfast in any broadly accessible part of the school; and authorizing elementary schools participating in the Program, subject to certain approval and allowances, to serve breakfast in any broadly accessible part of the school, including from "Grab and Go" carts after the arrival of students to the school, provided that students are allowed to consume the meal in the classroom after the start of the school day.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County Alcoholic Beverages Act of 2024. Description: Establishing a resort beer license, a resort beer and wine license, and a beer, wine, and liquor festival license in Garrett County; altering the hours of sale for alcoholic beverages on Sundays for certain licenses; altering the residency requirements for certain applicants for an alcoholic beverages license in the county to require that at least one of the applicants be a resident of the State; prohibiting alcoholic beverages from being brought into places of adult entertainment and consumed or transferred; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Protestant Episcopal Church, Diocese of Washington. Description: Repealing uncodified provisions of law relating to the Protestant Episcopal Church, Diocese of Washington, commonly known as the "Vestry Act"; and providing for the governance of religious corporations in union with the Protestant Episcopal Church, Diocese of Washington.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Health and Safety Works Grant Program and Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Community Health and Safety Works Grant Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development to support certain eligible projects that improve the quality of life within and economic potential of Maryland communities by making targeted investments in crime prevention strategies to address certain concerns in certain areas; establishing the Community Health and Safety Works Grant Program Fund to provide financial assistance in the form of grants under the provisions of the Program for eligible projects; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Active Shooter Safety Drills or Trainings - Requirements. Description: Requiring the Maryland Center for School Safety to collaborate with an institution of higher education or a designated federal or national research entity to study the effectiveness and impact of active shooter safety drills or trainings by researching and analyzing data collected by local school systems; requiring the Center to identify best practices for active shooter safety drills or trainings on or before October 1, 2024; requiring local school systems to provide parents with the annual active shooter safety drill schedule; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - State Library Resource Center - Funding. Description: Altering the calculation of certain funding for the State Library Resource Center for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workplace Fraud and Prevailing Wage - Violations - Penalties and Referrals. Description: Increasing a certain civil penalty and administrative penalty for employers knowingly failing to properly classify individuals as employees; and requiring the Commissioner of Labor and Industry to refer to the Comptroller and the U.S. Department of Labor certain complaints that allege a violation of certain tax laws under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Contracts and Purchasing. Description: Increasing from $25,000 to $50,000 the cost of a public work or improvement or the purchase price of supplies or equipment for which the County Commissioners of Carroll County may enter into a contract; and requiring that when the cost of a public work or improvement or the purchase price of supplies or equipment in Carroll County exceeds $50,000 under certain conditions, the Procurement Officer for the County Commissioner shall advertise for bids for at least 1 week in a media accessible to the general public.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Victims of Domestic Violence Program - Certification and Grant Fund. Description: Requiring a victims of domestic violence program to be certified by the federally recognized State domestic violence coalition as a comprehensive domestic violence program; establishing the Victims of Domestic Violence Program Grant Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund in the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services;  requiring interest earnings of the Fund to be credited to the Fund; and authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $5,000,000 to the Fund.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax Credit - Venison Donation. Description: Allowing an individual, subject to certain requirements and limitations, to claim a credit against the State income tax for certain qualified expenses if the individual harvests an antlerless deer and donates the deer meat to certain organizations; limiting the amount of credits certain individuals may claim to a maximum of $300; and requiring by January 31 each year each venison donation program that received certain donations to report certain information about each donor who intended to claim the credit to the Comptroller.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Janet L. Hoffman Loan Assistance Repayment Program - Nancy Grasmick Public School Professional Award - School Nurses. Description: Expanding the Nancy Grasmick Public School Professional Award within the Janet L. Hoffman Loan Assistance Repayment Program to include school nurses who are licensed as registered nurses, provide health services in public schools, and are employed by a county school system or a local health department to provide health services through an agreement with a county board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Street Racing and Exhibition Driving - Prohibited Acts, Enforcement, and Penalties. Description: Altering certain penalties and points assessments for certain motor vehicle violations related to participation in a race or speed contest; prohibiting a person from engaging in exhibition driving on any highway or private property that is used for driving by the public; and establishing certain affirmative defenses to a certain charge of exhibition driving.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center - Student Information - United States Census Bureau. Description: Authorizing the Governing Board of the Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center to authorize the Center to send student information to the United States Census Bureau.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - 2-1-1 Maryland - Oversight. Description: Defining the term "Health and Human Services Referral System" for the purposes of certain provisions of law governing the System to mean a certain coordinated system for health and human service resources that is accessible to State residents, rather than a certain telephone service; repealing the requirement that the Maryland Department of Health evaluate the performance of certain call centers and make certain recommendations regarding the quality of service provided by call centers and corrective action to be taken by a call center; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Government - Condominium and Homeowners Associations - Repair and Rehabilitation Funds. Description: Authorizing a county or a municipality to establish a certain fund for the purpose of providing support for the repair of infrastructure in a community subject to a condominium association or a homeowners association; and requiring that certain property tax revenues be assigned to a fund created under the Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission to Study African American Civil War Soldiers in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Commission to Study African American Civil War Soldiers in Maryland to study the history of the African American soldiers who fought for the Union Army in Maryland and to make findings and recommendations regarding the funding, design, construction, and location of an appropriate memorial dedicated to the African American Civil War soldiers; and requiring the Commission to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Incompetency to Stand Trial Dismissal. Description: Altering the time period after which a court is required to dismiss a certain charge against a defendant found incompetent to stand trial under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Speed Monitoring Systems - Residential Districts and Mailing of Citations. Description: Establishing that certain provisions of law authorizing the use of speed monitoring systems in certain residential districts apply in Baltimore County; requiring the fines collected by Baltimore County as a result of the use of speed monitoring systems to be used to assist in covering the costs of traffic calming devices in the county; altering a certain reporting requirement of the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to include certain information on a speed monitoring system program in Baltimore County; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County Board of Education - Nonstudent Member Compensation and Student Member Scholarships - Alterations. Description: Increasing the annual compensation of nonstudent members of the Baltimore County Board of Education who are not the chair of the county board from $7,500 to $16,500; providing that the chair of the county board is entitled to receive an annual compensation of $17,500; and increasing from the amount that a student member of the county board is granted as a scholarship to be applied toward the student's higher education costs $7,500 to $10,000.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Prohibited Liability Agreements - Recreational Facilities. Description: Establishing that a provision in a contract or agreement relating to the use of a recreational facility that purports to limit the recreational facility's liability, or release the recreational facility from or indemnify or hold harmless the recreational facility against liability, for injury caused by or resulting from the negligence or other wrongful acts of the recreational facility or its agents or on-duty employees is void and unenforceable under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health - Assisted Outpatient Treatment Programs. Description: Authorizing each county to establish an assisted outpatient treatment program; requiring the Maryland Department of Health, on or before July 1, 2026, to establish an assisted outpatient treatment program in a county that does not opt to establish a program; and requiring the Office of the Public Defender to provide representation in assisted outpatient treatment proceedings.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages – Retail Delivery – Local Delivery Service Permit. Description: Establishing a local delivery service permit that authorizes the holder to deliver alcoholic beverages from a retail license holder that is authorized to deliver alcoholic beverages to purchasers in a certain jurisdiction under certain circumstances; authorizing retail license holders to deliver alcoholic beverages to purchasers in a certain jurisdiction through a third-party contractor, an independent contractor, or an agent that holds a certain delivery service permit under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Equitech Growth Fund - Alterations. Description: Specifying certain authorized uses of the Equitech Growth Fund in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Campaign Finance - Political Organizations - Prohibitions and Disclosures. Description: Prohibiting certain political organizations from making expenditures or disbursements to an entity owned or controlled by certain individuals; prohibiting certain political organizations from employing certain individuals or allowing certain individuals to volunteer on behalf of the political organization; requiring certain political organizations to make certain disclosures; authorizing the State Administrator of Elections to investigate a potential violation of the Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Lighting - Privately Owned Vehicles of Volunteer Fire Company Members. Description: Authorizing certain members of a volunteer fire company to equip their privately owned vehicles with red and white lights or signal devices.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Grant Applications and Reporting - Maryland Efficient Grant Application Council - Alterations. Description: Altering the composition of the Maryland Efficient Grant Application Council by removing the Director of the Governor's Grants Office or the Director's designee and adding the Comptroller or the Comptroller's designee; requiring the Council to study and make recommendations to the Department of Budget and Management regarding the creation of a State Grants Ombudsperson; altering certain reporting requirements; and extending the termination date of the Council to June 30, 2029.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Benefits - Election Judges. Description: Prohibiting a payment to an individual as compensation received for serving as an election judge for a local board of elections in the State from being included when computing the wages required to be subtracted from an eligible claimant's weekly benefit amount; and prohibiting an individual from being denied unemployment benefits for failure to meet certain requirements due to service as an election judge in the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Real Estate Commission - Complaints - Advertising Violations. Description: Providing that a complaint filed with the State Real Estate Commission alleging an advertising violation may be made anonymously but must be accompanied by documentary or other evidence.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Licensed Real Estate Brokers - Branch Offices - Designation of Managers. Description: Authorizing a licensed real estate broker to designate himself or herself as the manager of a branch office maintained by the licensed real estate broker.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Common Ownership Communities - Electric Vehicle Recharging Equipment (Electric Vehicle Recharging Equipment Act of 2024). Description: Altering certain requirements for procedures relating to electric vehicle recharging equipment; establishing requirements and procedures relating to an application to the governing body of a cooperative housing corporation to install or use electric vehicle recharging equipment; and requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to publish information on its common ownership community website regarding certain requirements, contractor and insurer information, points of contact, and dispute resolution resources.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wage and Hour Law - Minor League Baseball Players - Exemption. Description: Exempting minor league baseball players who are compensated under the terms of a collective bargaining agreement that expressly provides for the wages and working conditions of employees from the Maryland Wage and Hour Law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Private Home Detention Monitoring - Notification. Description: Requiring a private home detention monitoring agency to notify the court within 24 hours after a defendant subject to home monitoring as a condition of pretrial release has violated a condition of home detention monitoring; requiring a private home detention monitoring agency to notify the Division of Parole and Probation within 1 hour after an individual subject to home monitoring as a condition of probation violated a condition of home detention monitoring; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Cannabis Administration – Cannabis Licensing – Protests of Renewal. Description: Authorizing certain individuals who are residents, commercial tenants who are not holders of or applicants for a license, or real estate owners, and who are located within 1,000 feet of the licensed premises to file a protest with the Maryland Cannabis Administration against the renewal of a cannabis license; providing that a protest against a license renewal may be filed with the Administration by at least 10 individuals; and establishing standards and requirements for the Administration's consideration of a protest filed under the Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Growing Apprenticeships and the Public Safety Workforce (GAPS) Act. Description: Altering the Law Enforcement Cadet Apprenticeship Program in the Maryland Department of Labor to be the Public Safety Apprenticeship Program; expanding the purpose and scope of the Program to promote careers with certain public safety agencies; altering the eligibility criteria and the types of grants to be awarded under the Program; requiring the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to develop certain mental health wellness policies to be implemented in certain law enforcement agencies and correctional facilities; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victim Compensation - Alterations (Victim Compensation Reform Act of 2024). Description: Altering the composition of the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board; altering certain duties, powers, and procedures for the Board to make awards to victims of crime; altering the powers and duties of certain employees; altering the amount and types of awards the Board is authorized to make to certain victims of crime; authorizing reconsideration and judicial review of decisions of the Board; authorizing the Governor to include certain funding in the annual budget bill for the Criminal Injuries Compensation Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Permits, Licenses, and Certificates - Processing (Transparent Government Act of 2024). Description: Requiring each principal department and independent unit to create a catalog of information relating to permits, licenses, and certificates issued by the department or independent unit and submit the catalog to the Governor on or before October 1, 2024; requiring each principal department and independent unit to post a completed update of information relating to permits, licenses, and certificates on the website of the department or independent unit on or before October 1, 2025; and establishing the Government Efficiency Commission.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Entrepreneurial Innovation Programs - Establishment (Pava LaPere Legacy of Innovation Act of 2024). Description: Establishing the Pava LaPere Innovation Acceleration Grant Program in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to provide grants to technology-based startup companies that are founded by students of postsecondary institutions located in and have their principle places of business in the Baltimore-Columbia-Towson Metropolitan Statistical Area; establishing the Baltimore Innovation Initiative Pilot Program within the Maryland Innovation Initiative of the Corporation to provide incentives for and grow certain start-up companies; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity and Related Approvals - Definition of Generating Station (Critical Infrastructure Streamlining Act of 2024). Description: Altering and establishing the definition of "generating station" for the purpose of exempting the construction of certain generating facilities used to produce electricity for the purpose of on-site emergency backup and certain test and maintenance operations from the requirement to obtain a certificate of public convenience and necessity or certain other related approvals under certain circumstances; and altering the distribution of income tax revenue from corporations that is attributable to certain data centers.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Center for Firearm Violence Prevention and Intervention - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Center for Firearm Violence Prevention and Intervention in the Maryland Department of Health to reduce firearm violence, harm from firearm violence, and misuse of firearms in the State by partnering with federal, State, and local agencies and affected communities to implement a public health approach to firearm violence reduction; requiring the Center to submit a preliminary State Plan for a Public Health Approach to Reducing Firearm Violence to the Governor and General Assembly on or before May 1, 2025; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation - Occupational Disease Presumptions - First Responders (Caring for Public Employees in the Safety Professions - CAPES Act). Description: Providing that certain firefighters, fire fighting instructors, rescue squad members, advanced life support unit members, and members of the Office of the State Fire Marshal who have thyroid, colon, or ovarian cancer are presumed, under certain circumstances, to have an occupational disease that was suffered in the line of duty and is compensable under workers' compensation law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Time to Serve Act of 2024. Description: Increasing, from 15 to 30, the maximum number of days of disaster service leave for employees in the Executive Branch of State government; and increasing, from 15 to 30, the maximum number of days of paid leave the Secretary of Budget and Management may provide for uniformed services training or active uniformed services duty in a reserve unit of the armed forces or organized militia.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Families Serve Act of 2024. Description: Authorizing employers to grant a preference in hiring and promotion to spouses of eligible service members; and requiring the appointing authorities in the Executive Branch of State government to apply a credit of 10 points on any selection test for eligible spouses and veterans of certain uniformed services.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Work Zone Speed Control Systems - Revisions (Maryland Road Worker Protection Act of 2024). Description: Altering the distribution of revenue from civil fines collected through the use of work zone speed control systems to include certain distributions for highway and work zone safety purposes; clarifying that a work zone speed control system may be manned or unmanned and a system operator does not need to be present when a work zone speed control system is in use; altering the maximum penalty for a civil citation issued as a result of a recorded image produced by a work zone speed control system; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Protecting Election Officials Act of 2024. Description: Prohibiting a person from knowingly and willfully making a threat to harm an election official or an immediate family member of an election official because of the election official's role in administering the election process; and establishing that a person who violates the Act is guilty of a misdemeanor and on conviction is subject to imprisonment not exceeding 3 years or a fine not exceeding $2,500 or both.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Governor's Office for Children - Engaging Neighborhoods, Organizations, Unions, Governments, and Households (ENOUGH) Grant Program (ENOUGH Act of 2024). Description: Establishing the Governor's Office for Children and the Special Secretary of the Governor's Office for Children as the head of the Office; requiring the Special Secretary to chair the Children's Cabinet; requiring the Office to staff the Children's Cabinet; requiring the Children's Cabinet to meet not less than four times each year; requiring the Accountability and Implementation Board, in consultation with certain departments, to submit a certain recommendation to the General Assembly by December 1, 2025; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family and Medical Leave Insurance Program - Modifications. Description: Modifying provisions of law governing application, administration, and enforcement of the Family and Medical Leave Insurance Program, including provisions related to the payment of contributions, the calculation of the average weekly wage, the submission of claims for benefits, the application of the Program to self-employed individuals, the Family and Medical Leave Insurance Fund, the satisfaction of Program requirements through private employer plans or insurance, and the use of contributions or other funding by the Secretary of Labor.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services – Maryland Correctional Enterprises Management Council – Report. Description: Requiring the Maryland Correctional Enterprises Management Council to research and review certain information relating to goods and services provided by Maryland Correctional Enterprises and report to the General Assembly on or before July 1, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Civil Actions - Public Nuisances - Firearm Industry Members (Gun Industry Accountability Act of 2024). Description: Prohibiting firearm industry members from knowingly creating, maintaining, or contributing to harm to the public through the sale, manufacture, distribution, importation, or marketing of a firearm-related product under certain circumstances; requiring a firearm industry member to establish and implement certain reasonable controls regarding the sale, manufacture, distribution, importation, marketing, possession, or use of certain firearm-related products; authorizing certain civil actions for violations of the Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Board of Trustees - Responsibilities and Duties. Description: Clarifying the topics that may be included in certain training required for each trustee on the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System; and providing that the Board of Trustees  may satisfy a requirement to provide each member and retiree in the several systems with a personal statement that includes certain information about the several systems and the member's or retiree's benefits by providing each member and retiree the information through an online portal.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Consumer Price Index - Definition. Description: Updating the definition of "Consumer Price Index" to replace the 1967 index with the 1982-1984 index as the reference used by the State Retirement and Pension System for certain calculations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Service Credit. Description: Repealing a requirement for certain transfers of service to be calculated under a certain formula; correcting a reference to a contribution rate for transfers of service into the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System; and providing for eligibility and service credit in the Employee's Pension System for certain contractual employment by certain members.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Student Telehealth Appointments - State Guidelines, Policies, and Access. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education and the Maryland Department of Health jointly to adopt certain State guidelines for school health services regarding student access to telehealth appointments during the school day in public middle and high schools in the State; and requiring each county board of education to establish a certain student telehealth policy.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Postelection Procedures. Description: Altering the records and documents that a board of canvassers is required to investigate under certain circumstances; altering the responsibilities of the State Administrator, the State Board of Elections, and the Board of State Canvassers regarding the certification of election results; authorizing the members of the Board of State Canvassers to appoint certain designees to serve on the Board of State Canvassers; and altering the responsibilities of the Governor regarding election results.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Petitions and Ballot Questions - Plain Language Requirement. Description: Requiring that a certain statement included on the signature page of a petition seeking to place a question on the ballot and a certain statement about the purpose of a question on the ballot be written in plain language reasonably calculated to be understood by an individual who has attained not higher than a grade 6 level of reading comprehension.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Child Care Career and Professional Development Fund - Alterations. Description: Altering the qualifications for an award from the Child Care Career and Professional Development Fund to include a service obligation to work in an approved child care setting for at least 20 hours per week; requiring the Office of Child Care to prioritize grant awards to certain applicants; requiring award recipients who do not perform the service obligation to repay certain award funding except under certain circumstances; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Handguns - Wear, Carry, and Transport Laws - Handbook Publication. Description: Requiring the Secretary of State Police to annually publish, beginning October 1, 2024, in consultation with the Office of the Attorney General, a handbook summarizing the State laws relating to wearing, carrying, and transporting a handgun in public; requiring the Secretary to make copies of the handbook available to members of the public in print and electronic form; and requiring the Secretary to notify by e-mail each person who currently holds a handgun permit each time the Secretary publishes an updated version of the handbook.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County – Property Tax Credit – Evergreen Heritage Center. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Allegany County or a municipal corporation in Allegany County to grant, by law, a property tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on property that is owned by the Evergreen Heritage Center.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles – Recreational Vehicle Dealer Agreements. Description: Requiring recreational vehicle dealers to hold a dealer agreement with a recreational vehicle manufacturer to sell the manufacturer's recreational vehicles in the State; establishing licensing requirements for a recreational vehicle manufacturer, distributor, or factory branch; altering the required terms and conditions of a recreational dealer agreement; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Special Chesapeake Bay and Coastal Sport Fishing License - Nonresidents - License Fee. Description: Increasing the license fee for a special Chesapeake Bay and coastal sport fishing license for nonresident license applicants from $50 to $100.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hunting - Nonresident Sika Deer Stamp - Fee Alteration. Description: Altering the fee for nonresident sika deer stamps from $25 to $200.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Financing - Small Business Truth in Lending Act. Description: Regulating commercial financing transactions, including by establishing requirements related to disclosures, calculations of annual percentage rates, terms of repayments, and other related items, and the extension of specific offers.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Electric Cooperatives - Nonescheat Capital Credits. Description: Providing that certain unclaimed money held by an electric cooperative and due to a past member is not considered abandoned property; and authorizing an electric cooperative to use this money only to assist members of the cooperative or donate to nonprofit, charitable organizations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Labor - Report on Apprenticeship Mentoring Ratios. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to submit a report, or or before October 1, 2024, to the General Assembly that analyzes the apprenticeship mentoring ratio for all nontraditional apprenticeable occupations in the State, with recommendations on strategies to streamline the expansion of apprenticeship ratios for all newly registered nontraditional apprenticeship occupations for purposes of meeting the goals of the Apprenticeship 2030 Commission.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Execution on a Judgment - Child Support Arrearages - Workers' Compensation. Description: Specifying that 25% of the net recovery by the debtor on a claim for workers' compensation is subject to execution on a judgment for a child support arrearage.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland Aerospace and Technology Commission. Description: Establishing the Maryland Aerospace and Technology Commission in the Department of Commerce to promote innovation in the fields of space exploration and commercial aerospace opportunities, including the integration of space, aeronautics, and aviation industries into the economy of the State; requiring the Commission to develop and annually update a certain strategic plan; and requiring the Commission, by October 1 each year, to submit a certain report to the Governor, the Maryland Economic Development Commission, and the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Next Generation Scholars of Maryland Program - Program Administrator - Alterations. Description: Altering the administrator of the Next Generation Scholars of Maryland Program to be the Maryland Higher Education Commission rather than the State Department of Education; and requiring the Department to assist the Commission with the review of applications and the selection of nonprofit organizations to administer the Program in local school systems.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on Property Appraisal and Valuation Equity - Alterations. Description: Moving from October 31, 2023, to October 31, 2024, the deadline for the reporting requirement for the Task Force on Property Appraisal and Valuation Equity; and extending from June 30, 2024, to December 31, 2024, the termination date for the Task Force.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County - Sheriff's Salary - Alteration. Description: Altering the salary of the Sheriff of Garrett County; and repealing the requirement for the Garrett County Salary Study Commission to study and issue a report that contains recommendations relating to the salary of the Sheriff.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charter Counties - Enforcement of Local Laws. Description: Increasing from $1,000 to $5,000 the maximum amount of a civil or criminal fine that may be imposed by a charter county to enforce certain local laws enacted by the county.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: General Assembly - Committee Chairs and Vice Chairs - Gender-Neutral Language. Description: Altering certain terminology that refers to chairs and vice chairs of committees of the General Assembly to be gender-neutral.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment – Equal Pay for Equal Work – Wage Range Transparency. Description: Altering the requirement that an employer disclose certain wage information to an applicant for employment; requiring an employer to disclose certain wage information in certain postings and to certain employees at certain times; requiring an employer to set the wage range disclosed in good faith; requiring the Commissioner of Labor and Industry to develop and make available to employers a form that an employer may use to comply with certain wage disclosure requirements; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Colleges - Contraception - Access Requirements. Description: Requiring, on or before August 1, 2025, each community college to develop and implement a plan to provide students with access to over-the-counter contraception; requiring each community college to submit a certain report to the Maryland Higher Education Commission on or before September 1 each year; requiring the Commission to submit a certain report to the General Assembly on or before October 1 each year; and authorizing the Maryland Department of Health, on request, to provide certain assistance to a community college.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Caroline County - Alcoholic Beverages - Beer, Wine, and Liquor Tasting License. Description: Altering the 1-day beer and wine tasting (BWT) license in Caroline County to be a 1-day beer, wine, and liquor tasting (BWLT) license; altering certain qualifications for the license; and altering the amounts of alcoholic beverages an individual may consume at a tasting.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cecil County – Annual Financial Report – Filing Date. Description: Altering the date by which Cecil County is required to file a certain financial report with the Department of Legislative Services.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Caroline County - Alcoholic Beverages - Barbershop and Beauty Salon License. Description: Establishing a barbershop and beauty salon beer and wine license in Caroline County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Caroline County to issue the license to a holder of a certain barbershop or beauty salon permit; establishing a licensing fee of $100; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission to Advance Lithium–Ion Battery Safety in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Commission to Advance Lithium-Ion Battery Safety in Maryland; requiring the Commission to study and make legislative, regulatory, programmatic, and other recommendations regarding certain best practices, standards, and guidelines; and requiring the Commission to submit an interim report of its progress and status to the Legislative Policy Committee on or before December 1, 2024, and a final report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Fishing and Hunting Licenses and Trout Stamps - Complimentary Licenses and Stamp Exemption - Veterans Determined to be Unemployable. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to issue certain complimentary fishing and hunting licenses to certain veterans who the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs determines are unemployable; and exempting certain veterans who the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs determines are unemployable from the requirement to obtain a trout stamp.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electronic Transactions Protection Act - Repeal. Description: Repealing the Electronic Transactions Protection Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Nuclear Power Plants - Emergency Preparedness (Radiation and Emergency Preparedness and Protection Act). Description: Establishing the Radiation Emergency Response Program in the Department of the Environment; requiring the Department to serve as an offsite response organization and the lead State agency for all nuclear incidents within the State; requiring the Department to prepare a technical emergency radiation response plan, respond to emergencies involving a nuclear power plant, participate in a certain federal program, and procure certain specialized equipment; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cannabis - Licensee Locations - Restrictions. Description: Altering the distance restrictions applicable to a licensed cannabis dispensary; prohibiting a political subdivision from establishing certain zoning requirements for licensed cannabis dispensaries and certain licensed cannabis growers that are more restrictive than certain zoning restrictions applicable to certain other entities; clarifying the authority of a political subdivision to alter certain distance requirements; requiring a political subdivision to grant a waiver to certain zoning requirements to certain dispensaries; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Civil Actions - Noneconomic Damages - Personal Injury and Wrongful Death. Description: Altering certain limitations on noneconomic damages in civil actions for personal injury or wrongful death; and applying the Act only to causes of action arising after October 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commercial Law – Consumer Protection – Sale and Resale of Tickets. Description: Requiring the listing for a ticket and each step of a transaction to purchase a ticket to disclose certain information, including the total price of the ticket; repealing the exceptions to the prohibition against a reseller selling or offering to sell speculative tickets; prohibiting a secondary ticket exchange from providing a marketplace for the resale of a ticket that violates the Act; and requiring a ticket issuer, secondary ticket exchange, or reseller to provide a refund under certain conditions.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - School Mapping Data Program - Established. Description: Establishing the School Mapping Data Program in the Maryland Center for School Safety; providing that the purpose of the Program is to provide funds to local school systems to produce school mapping data for each public school in the county, including public charter schools, to assist first responders in responding to emergencies at a school; requiring a custodian of records to deny inspection of any school mapping data produced under the Program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Online Data Privacy Act of 2024. Description: Regulating the manner in which a controller or a processor in possession of a consumer's personal data may process the consumer's personal data; authorizing a consumer to exercise certain rights in regards to the consumer's personal data; requiring a controller of personal data to establish a method for a consumer to exercise certain rights in regards to the consumer's personal data; requiring a controller to comply with a consumer's request to exercise a certain right in a certain manner, except under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate Brokers - Brokerage Agreements - Requirements. Description: Requiring items to be included in a brokerage agreement between a real estate broker and a seller or lessor or a buyer or lessee.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Institutions of Higher Education - Admissions Standards - Prohibition on Consideration of Legacy Preference or Donor Preference. Description: Prohibiting institutions of higher education that receive State funds from considering a legacy preference or donor preference as an eligible criterion for admissions standards at the institution; and allowing an institution of higher education to ask applicants for information regarding familial relationships to alums of the institution for data collection purposes.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Ratification of Defective Corporate Acts - Alterations. Description: Altering the process by which a defective corporate act may be ratified; and altering rules for certain legal actions by persons claiming to be adversely affected by a ratification.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wildlife - Traveling Animal Acts - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a person from allowing for the participation of a bear, a cougar, an elephant, a jaguar, a leopard, a lion, a nonhuman primate, a tiger, or a hybrid of any of these animals in a traveling animal act; and providing a civil penalty of $2,000 per violation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Forensic Genetic Genealogical DNA Analysis and Search - Applicability for Deceased and Missing Individuals. Description: Providing that certain provisions of law regarding the use of a certain forensic genetic genealogical DNA analysis and search (FGGS) do not apply when the FGGS is conducted solely for the purpose of identifying an individual who is deceased or the subject of a certain missing person report and whose whereabouts are unknown.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Children - Labor Trafficking. Description: Altering the definition of "abuse" to include labor trafficking of a child by any individual for purposes of provisions of law governing children in need of assistance cases and child abuse and neglect reporting; and expanding provisions of law relating to the Safe Harbor Regional Navigator Grant Program to apply to child victims of labor trafficking.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Committed Persons - Release Proceedings. Description: Providing that certain provisions of the Maryland Rules relating to discovery in civil matters apply in a certain administrative proceeding; requiring a court that receives a certain report to promptly notify counsel of record for the committed person; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to notify the court and certain persons if the Department receives a certain report; requiring a court to hold a hearing on request by any party after a certain application is made; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Judgeships - Circuit Courts. Description: Altering the number of resident judges of the circuit courts by adding one additional judgeship in Prince George's County.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Zero Emission Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Council - Membership and Reporting. Description: Altering the composition of the Maryland Zero Emission Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Council to include a light-duty plug-in electric drive vehicle manufacturer, a heavy-duty plug-in electric drive vehicle manufacturer, the automotive dismantling and recycling industry, and the Secretary of General Services; and altering the dates by which certain reports shall be submitted by the Council to the Governor and the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Procurement – Construction Contingency Fund. Description: Altering the circumstances under which the Secretaries of Budget and Management and General Services may request the Board of Public Works to authorize a certain expenditure from the Construction Contingency Fund to include consideration of price adjustments for material price fluctuations of identified eligible project-specific materials.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Polling Place Procedures – Individual Assisting a Voter. Description: Prohibiting an individual assisting a voter in marking or preparing a ballot at a polling place from assisting more than three unrelated voters during an election, unless the individual is an election judge, or from receiving compensation for assisting a voter in marking or preparing the ballot.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County - Procurement - Bids and Contracts. Description: Increasing the minimum dollar amount of contracts for which the County Commissioners, or any employee of Garrett County, are required to advertise for bids from $25,000 to $50,000; exempting certain contracts for professional services from a requirement to advertise for bids; and authorizing contracts for professional services required to be licensed by the State to be solicited by written bids.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Household Goods Movers - Special Fund and Fees. Description: Establishing the Household Goods Movers Registration Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund in the Maryland Department of Labor; requiring the Secretary of Labor to annually calculate certain costs; authorizing the Department to set by regulation certain fees based on certain calculations; prohibiting certain fees from increasing by more than a certain amount each year; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Municipal Golf Course License. Description: Authorizing the Frederick County Board of License Commissioners to issue a municipal golf course license to an official of the City of Frederick designated by the Mayor of the City of Frederick; and authorizing the Board to transfer the license to a different city official designated by the Mayor under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Manufacturer's Limited Beer, Wine, and Liquor Permit. Description: Establishing a manufacturer's limited beer, wine, and liquor permit in Frederick County that authorizes the holder to allow a licensed caterer or other contracted party to provide sealed beer, wine, and liquor products not manufactured by the holder during private events for on-premises consumption, subject to certain restrictions; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue a permit to holders of certain manufacturer's licenses; and requiring the Board to adopt certain regulations.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sheriff of Frederick County - Salary - Workgroup. Description: Establishing the Workgroup to Study the Salary of the Sheriff of Frederick County to study the salaries of the sheriff in each county in the State and any other law enforcement position with similar responsibilities and preparation requirements as a sheriff and make recommendations regarding the salary of the Sheriff of Frederick County; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Frederick County Delegation to the General Assembly on or before December 15, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Weinberg Center/New Spires Arts Stages Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Altering the Class C (Weinberg Center) beer, wine, and liquor license in Frederick County to be the Class C (Weinberg Center/New Spires Arts Stages) beer, wine, and liquor license; expanding the licensed premises to include the New Spires Arts Stages; altering the officials who may sign a certain license application; authorizing the license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor at an event held by an outside group that has rented the Weinberg Arts Center or the New Spires Arts Stages; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate Brokers - Licensing - License Renewals and Continuing Education. Description: Repealing certain processes regarding the expiration of certain licenses for real estate brokers, associate real estate brokers, and real estate salespersons; requiring that certain licenses expire on a staggered basis; modifying and setting certain time frames for certain processes regarding the expiration of certain licenses; authorizing the State Real Estate Commission to set a certain fee under certain circumstances; altering certain regulatory requirements for conducting certain continuing education courses; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Institutions of Higher Education - Student Withdrawal Policy - Reimbursement of Tuition and Fees (Cameron Carden Act of 2024). Description: Requiring each public institution of higher education to adopt a policy to authorize a student to withdraw from the institution under extenuating circumstances and to refund the student for tuition and fees paid by the student for a certain semester under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Thermal Energy Network Systems - Authorization and Establishment (Working for Accessible Renewable Maryland Thermal Heat (WARMTH) Act). Description: Requiring certain gas companies and authorizing certain gas companies to develop a plan for a pilot thermal energy network system or systems by October 1, 2024; requiring a gas company that serves at least 75,000 customers in its distribution territory to submit either one or two proposals for a pilot system to the Public Service Commission for approval by July 1, 2025; authorizing a municipal corporation, county, or community organization to submit neighborhoods to gas companies for consideration as part of a pilot system; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection – Online Products and Services – Data of Children (Maryland Kids Code). Description: Requiring a covered entity that offers an online product reasonably likely to be accessed by children to complete a certain data protection impact assessment on or before April 1, 2026, under certain circumstances; requiring certain privacy protections for certain online products; prohibiting certain data collection and sharing practices; authorizing certain monitoring practices to allow a child's parent or guardian to monitor the child's online activity or location without providing an obvious signal to the child; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: General Provisions - State Flag - Casket of an Eligible Decedent. Description: Requiring the Secretary of State to furnish a State flag to drape the casket of an eligible decedent; establishing the process for a State flag to be claimed after burial; providing that only one flag may be provided for the death of an eligible decedent; and prohibiting the Secretary of State from procuring a flag that is not wholly produced in the United States except under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax Exemption - Aircraft Parts and Equipment - Repeal of Reporting Requirement and Extension of Sunset. Description: Repealing a certain reporting requirement relating to an exemption from the sales and use tax for certain materials, parts, and equipment used to repair, maintain, or upgrade aircraft or certain aircraft systems; and extending the termination date of the exemption from June 30, 2025, to June 30, 2030.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Court Personnel - Protection of Personal Information (Judge Andrew F. Wilkinson Judicial Security Act). Description: Authorizing a certain protected individual or the Office of Information Privacy in the Administrative Office of the Courts to request that a governmental entity or person not publish personal information of the protected individual on the Internet, social media, or social networks or remove the information from any existing publication; specifying certain procedures for the protection of personal information of a protected individual; authorizing certain relief for a violation of the Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Opportunity for Filers to Register to Make Anatomical Gift. Description: Requiring the Comptroller to implement procedures to offer an individual filing a Maryland resident individual income tax return electronically the opportunity to register to make an anatomical gift in accordance with the Maryland Revised Uniform Anatomical Gift Act through a hyperlink to a certain anatomical gift donor registry; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Professional and Volunteer Firefighter Innovative Cancer Screening Technologies Program - Funding. Description: Authorizing the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter, to include at least $500,000 in the annual budget for the Professional and Volunteer Firefighter Innovative Cancer Screening Technologies Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Primary and Secondary Education - Breakfast and Lunch Programs - Universal Expansion Report. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, on or before December 1, 2024, to report to the General Assembly on a cost estimate for providing free breakfast and lunch to all students in public schools in the State; and requiring the Department, as part of its report, to compile research completed in other states that have established universal meal programs and prepare a summary of any findings presented in those reports.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax - Nonprofit Organizations Maintaining Memorials - Exemption. Description: Providing that the sales and use tax does not apply to a sale by a nonprofit organization that maintains a memorial on property that is owned by the State if the proceeds of the sale are used to maintain a memorial on property that is owned by the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public School Construction Program - Maryland School for the Blind - State and Local Cost-Share. Description: Altering the State and local cost-share formula for the Public School Construction Program for the Maryland School for the Blind to set the State share at 100%.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Boating Accidents - Duty to Remain at the Scene, Render Assistance, and Provide Information - Penalties. Description: Requiring the operator of a vessel involved in a collision, accident, or other casualty to return to and remain at the scene of the collision, accident, or casualty until the operator has rendered certain assistance and provided certain information; establishing certain criminal penalties for the operator of a vessel involved in a collision, accident, or other casualty who does not return to and remain at the scene of the collision, accident, or casualty or render certain assistance and provide certain information; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Procurement - Minority Business Participation - Real Property Title Insurance Services Reporting. Description: Requiring certain reporting relating to minority business participation in State procurement by industry type to include real property title insurance services, including commercial real property title insurance services; and prohibiting the Special Secretary for the Governor's Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs from waiving a certain reporting requirement related to real property title insurance services.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland - Southern Maryland Agricultural Development Commission - Funding. Description: Increasing, from $900,000 to $1,000,000, the amount of an appropriation that the Governor is required to include in the annual budget bill each year for the Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland from the Cigarette Restitution Fund; and repealing the termination of certain provisions of law that require the Governor to include the appropriation in the annual budget bill each year and the Council to use the appropriation to fund the activities of the Southern Maryland Agricultural Development Commission.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Public Libraries - Collective Bargaining (Library Workers Empowerment Act). Description: Authorizing employees of certain public libraries to form, join, and participate in an employee organization and engage in certain other activities related to collective bargaining; requiring employers and certified exclusive representatives to engage in good faith bargaining; establishing a collective bargaining process for employees of certain public libraries; prohibiting employers and employee organizations from engaging in certain actions regarding the exercise of an employee's rights under the Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Program - Materials for Individualized Education Program, Individualized Family Service Plan, and 504 Plan Meetings. Description: Requiring a local school system to provide to parents at certain individualized education program, individualized family service plan, and 504 plan meetings for children with disabilities certain written informational materials regarding the Maryland ABLE Program: requiring the State Treasurer to develop informational materials about the Maryland ABLE Program that may be distributed electronically or by hand; and requiring the State Treasurer to provide informational materials to the State Board of Education and county boards.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Coverage for the Treatment of Obesity - Required Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to study the impact of requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program to provide comprehensive coverage for the treatment of obesity; requiring the study to identify and compare obesity coverage in other states and examine and estimate any potential savings that may result from requiring obesity coverage; and requiring the Department to report its findings to the House Health and Government Operations Committee and the Senate Finance Committee on or before December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Benefit Plans - Calculation of Cost Sharing Contribution - Requirements and Prohibitions. Description: Requiring administrators, carriers, and pharmacy benefits managers to include certain cost sharing amounts paid by or on behalf of an enrollee or a beneficiary when calculating the enrollee's or beneficiary's contribution to a cost sharing requirement for certain health care services; requiring administrators, carriers, and pharmacy benefits managers to include certain cost sharing amounts for certain high deductible health plans after an enrollee or a beneficiary satisfies a certain requirement; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Planning - Maryland Humanities Council - Appropriation to the Marilyn Hatza Memorial Strengthening the Humanities Investment in Nonprofits for Equity (SHINE) Grantmaking Initiative. Description: Authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $1,000,000 each year to the Department of Planning to be used as a grant to the Maryland Humanities Council for the Marilyn Hatza Memorial Strengthening Humanities Investment in Nonprofits for Equity (SHINE) Grantmaking Initiative; and requiring the Maryland Humanities Council to select, award, and report on grants to qualifying nonprofit organizations under the SHINE Grantmaking Initiative.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Individuals With Disabilities and Service-Disabled Veterans Boating Fund. Description: Establishing the Individuals with Disabilities and Service-Disabled Veterans Boating Fund to provide sailing, boating, kayaking, canoeing, paddleboarding, and surfing opportunities for individuals with disabilities and service-disabled veterans; requiring the Department of Disabilities to administer the Fund; establishing the qualifications for nonprofit organizations to receive grants from the Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Dental Services - Coverage and Rate Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to study the feasibility of including removable full and partial dentures and setting adequate reimbursement rates for providers on a per-patient basis for house calls and extended care facility calls among the coverage offered by the Maryland Healthy Smiles Dental Program; and requiring the Department to report its findings from the study to the Senate Finance Committee and the House Health and Government Operations Committee by December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Judges' Retirement System - Special Death Benefit. Description: Establishing a line-of-duty special death benefit for members of the Judges' Retirement System; providing for health benefits for a surviving spouse, child, or dependent parent who is receiving a special death benefit for the death of a member of the Judges' Retirement System; and providing for the retroactive application of the Act to any member of the Judges' Retirement System who is killed prior to the effective date of the Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Police Accountability and Discipline - Summary Punishment. Description: Authorizing the imposition of certain summary punishment of a police officer for a minor violation of law enforcement agency rules and regulations that does not involve an interaction between the police officer and a member of the public if the facts that constitute the minor violation are not in dispute, the police officer agrees the facts are not in dispute, and the police officer accepts the summary punishment.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Police Accountability - Time Limit for Filing Administrative Charges. Description: Altering a requirement for a law enforcement agency to file administrative charges relating to alleged police officer misconduct that is required to be reviewed by an administrative charging committee within 30 days; requiring a law enforcement agency to file any administrative charges arising out of an investigation of alleged police officer misconduct that is not required to be reviewed by an administrative charging committee within 1 year and 1 day after the date that the agency became aware of the incident; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Long-Term Care Administrators - Requirements for Assisted Living Managers. Description: Extending, from October 1, 2024, to July 1, 2026, the date by which individuals must be licensed by the State Board of Long-Term Care Administrators before practicing as an assisted living manager in the State; altering the requirements for the manager training course that certain assisted living managers are required to complete to include in-person courses, virtual training methods, or a combination of both; and altering the requirements for serving as an interim assisted living manager.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program and Health Insurance - Coverage for Prostheses (So Every Body Can Move Act). Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program and certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to provide certain coverage related to prostheses beginning January 1, 2025; establishing that certain insurers, nonprofit health plans, and health maintenance organizations must comply with certain provider network requirements; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: General Provisions - Commemorative Days - Maryland Veterans Suicide Prevention Day. Description: Requiring the Governor to annually proclaim September 30 as Maryland Veterans Suicide Prevention Day.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Historical Trust - Historical and Cultural Museum Assistance Program - Funding. Description: Altering prohibitions on grants from the Maryland Historical Trust; authorizing the Governor, for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter, to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $5,000,000 to the Trust to be used to provide grants to museums under the Historical and Cultural Museum Assistance Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Resources and Education for All Prisons (REAP) Act. Description: Requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to assist incarcerated individuals in accessing federal Pell Grants for higher education; requiring the Department to set goals for the number of incarcerated individuals in certain education programs, establish tracking systems relating to the number of incarcerated individuals and their progress in certain education programs, and forward certain data to the Maryland Higher Education Commission; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prison Education Delivery Reform Commission. Description: Establishing the Prison Education Delivery Reform Commission to develop recommendations relating to education and its impact on the criminal justice system; and requiring the Commission to submit to the Governor and the General Assembly an interim report of its findings and recommendations by June 1, 2025, and a final report of its findings and recommendations by January 1, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force to Study Public Information Act Requests Made to Law Enforcement – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study Public Information Act Requests Made to Law Enforcement to review costs charged and procedures applied by law enforcement agencies in relation to the disclosure of records requested under the Maryland Public Information Act; and requiring the Task Force to submit an interim report on or before December 31, 2024, and a final report on or before December 31, 2025, of its findings to the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Finance – Catastrophic Event Account and Federal Government Shutdown Employee Assistance Loan Fund – Noncivilian Federal Employees. Description: Altering the purposes of the Catastrophic Event Account and the Federal Government Shutdown Employee Assistance Loan Fund to provide financial assistance to noncivilian federal employees.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Cosmetologists - Membership - Alteration. Description: Altering the membership of the State Board of Cosmetologists by adding one licensed esthetician and decreasing the number of consumer members from two to one.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Self-Service Storage Act - Sale of Personal Property in Satisfaction of Liens - Means of Advertising. Description: Authorizing an operator or a manager of a self-service storage facility to advertise in a newspaper, by electronic mail, or on a website the sale of the personal property in a self-service storage unit to satisfy a certain lien without the occupant's prior written authorization in the storage agreement; and altering a certain statement that must be contained in a self-service storage facility rental agreement.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Authority. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Technology Development Corporation, subject to a written agreement, to provide certain outside entities administrative services or support and to receive compensation for providing the services or support.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Information Act - Surveillance Images - Illegal Dumping in Baltimore City. Description: Altering a requirement that a custodian deny inspection of certain surveillance images of illegal dumping in Baltimore City to allow inspection by employees or agents of the Baltimore City Department of Housing and Community Development; and authorizing the Baltimore City Department of Housing and Community Development to publicly disseminate a surveillance image as part of an investigation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Contractors, Subcontractors, and Brokers - Prohibited Conduct. Description: Prohibiting a person from serving or acting as a contractor, a subcontractor, or a broker between a contractor and subcontractor during the 5-year period immediately following the date the person was convicted of an offense constituting criminal malfeasance, misfeasance, or nonfeasance under any federal or State law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: 9-1-1 Trust Fund - Purposes - Training in Telecommunications Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation. Description: Altering the purposes of the 9-1-1 Trust Fund to include funding the costs of telecommunications cardiopulmonary resuscitation training.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Sale of Motor Fuel - Pricing Signage (Gas Price Clarity Act). Description: Establishing that certain provisions governing signage at retail service stations supersede inconsistent local law; altering a signage requirement for retail service stations relating to the price of regular gasoline so that the signage prominently displays clearly and visibly the credit and debit price, if higher than the cash price, or the credit and debit price and the cash price; repealing an exemption from a certain signage requirement for retail service station dealers with not more than 3 dispensing units; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Juvenile Services – Report on Shootings (Department of Juvenile Services Transparency Act of 2024). Description: Requiring the Department of Juvenile Services to report to the Commission on Juvenile Justice Reform and Emerging and Best Practices and the General Assembly, on or before December 1, 2024, and each December 1 thereafter, certain information regarding shootings of and by juveniles under the supervision of the Department and the actions the Department took after the shooting incidents, including the timeline of the actions.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Standing - Environmental and Natural Resources Protection Proceedings (Clean Water Justice Act of 2024). Description: Providing certain persons standing in certain environmental and natural resources protection proceedings; authorizing persons that meet certain standing requirements to bring certain civil actions under certain circumstances; requiring a plaintiff, under certain circumstances, to give certain notice and provide certain documentation to the Department of the Environment and the Attorney General in a certain manner and to file a certain affidavit; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Student Support and School Facilities and Public Safety Surcharges and Report - Sunset Extension. Description: Establishing a Student Support Specialist Network consisting of certain school-based personnel at each public high school in Prince George's County; requiring the County Board of Education to develop a certain template using certain guidelines on or before December 31, 2024; altering the reporting date for the County to report to the County Council, the County School Board, and the County delegation to the General Assembly on the impact of the school facilities surcharge and the public safety surcharge to December 1, 2026; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Part-Time Deputy Chief Inspector. Description: Increasing the annual salary of a part-time deputy chief inspector employed by the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County from $9,000 to $18,000; and establishing a workweek of 10 hours per week for the part-time deputy chief inspector.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Student Loan Assistance Repayment Program for Educators - Established. Description: Establishing the Anne Arundel County Student Loan Assistance Repayment Program for Educators to assist in the repayment of certain student loans owed by educators who meet certain eligibility requirements; providing that the purpose of the program is to attract, recruit, and retain a diverse cadre of qualified educators that is reflective of the student population within the county; authorizing the governing body of Anne Arundel County to establish the Program for educators employed by the Anne Arundel County Public School System; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Sheriff - Salary. Description: Making, beginning in calendar year 2025, the salary of the Sheriff of Anne Arundel County equal to the salary of a captain in the Anne Arundel County Police Department at step 20 in the pay scale.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's Gateway Development Authority - Modifications. Description: Requiring the Prince George's Gateway Development Authority to meet at least four times per year; and requiring staff of the Prince George's County Redevelopment Authority to provide support for the Prince George's Gateway Development Authority in consultation with the Department of Housing and Community Development.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Condominium Act - Amendments to the Declaration. Description: Reducing the percentage of unit owners listed on the current roster of a condominium needed to consent to an amendment of a condominium's declaration if none of the units of the condominium are owned by a developer of the condominium from 80% to 66 2/3%.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Commission on Civil Rights - Monetary Relief. Description: Altering certain maximum amounts of monetary relief the Maryland Commission on Civil Rights is authorized to award if the Commission finds that a respondent has engaged in a discriminatory act under provisions of law regarding public accommodations and persons licensed or regulated by the Maryland Department of Labor; requiring, by July 1, 2025, and by each July 1 for the next 4 years, the Commission to submit a report to the Governor and the General Assembly on the impact of the Act on persons against whom complaints have been filed; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Maryland State Board of Contract Appeals - Attorney's Fees. Description: Authorizing the Maryland State Board of Contract Appeals to award an interested party reasonable costs of filing and pursuing a protest, including attorney's fees, if an appeal is sustained and there is a violation of law or regulation; and authorizing the Maryland State Board of Contract Appeals to award a contractor under any State contract the reasonable costs of filing and pursuing a claim, including attorney's fees, if the unit acts in bad faith, without justification, or in violation of law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Human Services - Children in Foster Care - Luggage. Description: Requiring the Department of Human Services to establish and maintain a decentralized supply of new luggage to be used to transport the personal belongings of a child in foster care; requiring the Department to provide new luggage to a child who is entering foster care, moving from one foster care placement to another, or exiting foster care; prohibiting the Department from using disposable bags or trash bags to transport items for a child in foster care; and requiring the Department to maintain certain records.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Attorney General - Reports. Description: Altering certain reporting requirements for the Attorney General; and requiring the Attorney General to publish certain documents on the Attorney General's website.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Automated Enforcement Citations and Notices - Mailing Addresses. Description: Requiring that citations and notices issued as a result of automated enforcement under the Maryland Vehicle Law be sent to the current mailing address on file with the Administration or if a mailing address is not available, the current residential address on file with the Administration.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Small Business Reserve Program - Goals and Outreach Program. Description: Increasing the participation goal for certain small businesses for certain procurement contracts from 15% to 20%; requiring the certification agency, in consultation with the Governor's Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs, to develop an outreach program to increase the participation of small businesses that are owned by economically disadvantaged participants in the Small Business Reserve Program and to issue a certain annual report to certain units; and altering the content of certain unit reports.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Abandoned or Sunken Vessels and Waterway Improvement Fund Grants. Description: Requiring the owner of a vessel that is required to be numbered to include certain contact information for each owner of the vessel with the application for a certificate of number; requiring the Department of Natural Resources, before and after seizing, removing, or taking an abandoned or sunken vessel into custody, to attempt to contact certain individuals in a certain manner; requiring the Department to distribute at least $250,000 from the Waterway Improvement Fund each fiscal year to a certain organization for a certain purpose; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Individual Tax Preparers - Code of Ethics, Notification of Actions, Enforcement, and Penalties (Stop Scam Tax Preparers Act). Description: Requiring the State Board of Individual Tax Preparers, on or before January 1, 2026, to publish on the Board's website a certain code of ethics and certain rules of professional conduct; requiring the Board to notify the Field Enforcement Bureau of the Comptroller's Office of a certain violation within 5 business days after the Board determines that the violation has occurred; granting certain employees of the Bureau certain powers, duties, and responsibilities for enforcing laws pertaining to income tax preparation; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Comptroller - Electronic Tax and Fee Return Filing Requirements. Description: Requiring that returns for certain taxes and fees collected by the Comptroller be filed electronically, subject to certain exceptions; altering certain requirements for electronic filing of returns for certain taxes; prohibiting a certain tax return preparer or software company from charging a separate fee for the electronic filing of authorized tax documents; and prohibiting a software company from selling different versions of the same tax software under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Technical Corrections. Description: Repealing certain obsolete provisions of law concerning the distribution of income tax revenue; and correcting a certain erroneous cross-reference.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Disclosure of Tax Information - Tax Compliance Activity and Binding Data Use Agreements. Description: Altering the definition of "tax information" for purposes of provisions of law governing the confidentiality and disclosure of tax information; authorizing, subject to certain limitations, the disclosure of tax information to certain tax compliance organizations and governmental entities to assist the Comptroller in certain tax compliance activity; requiring the Comptroller, when disclosing tax information, to require the person or entity to whom the information is to be disclosed to enter into a certain agreement; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Attorney General - Determinations and Settlements. Description: Requiring the judge or jury in certain actions to make a certain determination and assign responsibility and liability in a certain manner; authorizing the State to continue to pursue certain actions if it does not obtain complete relief from certain responsible persons; establishing that certain provisions of law requiring uniform contribution among joint tort-feasors do not apply to certain actions; and establishing the impact of a certain settlement on the liability of certain responsible persons.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Electric Companies - Regional Transmission Organizations - Report (Utility Transparency and Accountability Act). Description: Requiring a certain electric company to submit a report to the Public Service Commission on or before February 1 each year regarding certain votes cast by the electric company and any affiliates of the electric company at a meeting of the regional transmission organization; providing that the Act does not apply to municipal electric utilities; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tree Expert Licenses - Application and Renewal Fee Alterations and Insurance Requirements. Description: Specifying the maximum amounts of certain fees relating to tree expert licensing established by the Department of Natural Resources by regulation; and authorizing the Department to permanently revoke or temporarily suspend a tree expert license if the license holder fails to maintain liability, property, or workers' compensation insurance as required by law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance – Mental Health and Substance Use Disorder Benefits – Sunset Repeal and Modification of Reporting Requirements. Description: Altering certain reporting requirements on health insurance carriers relating to compliance with the federal Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act; altering requirements for certain analyses of nonquantitative treatment limitations required of health insurance carriers; establishing certain remedies the Commissioner may use to enforce compliance with the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act and related reporting requirements; repealing the requirement that a certain form be used for the reporting requirements; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Bail Bonds - Seventh Judicial Circuit. Description: Repealing certain provisions of law relating to bail bonds in the Seventh Judicial Circuit.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Fire Protection and Prevention – Residential Rental Property – Requirements (Melanie Nicholle Diaz Fire Safety Act). Description: Establishing certain requirements relating to the installation of certain fire safety equipment in residential rental high-rise buildings and certain other property; authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to grant, by law, a certain property tax credit; establishing the Workgroup to Develop Fire Safety Best Practices for Pre-1974 High-Rise Apartment Buildings; requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations by December 31, 2024; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Charles W. Riley Firefighter and Ambulance and Rescue Squad Member Scholarship - Alterations. Description: Altering the Charles W. Riley Firefighter and Ambulance and Rescue Squad Member Scholarship to make the scholarship applicable to all courses at institutions of higher education in the State; and altering the maximum award available, when a scholarship should be credited, and to whom initial awards should be provided under the scholarship.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health – Health Commissions and Maryland Insurance Administration – Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to contract with an independent consultant to conduct a certain study of the Health Services Cost Review Commission, the Maryland Health Care Commission, the Maryland Insurance Administration, and the Maryland Community Health Resources Commission; and requiring the Department to submit a report on the results of the study to the Governor, the Senate Finance Committee, and the House Health and Government Operations Committee on or before January 1, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland National Guard - Tricare Premium Reimbursement Program - Alterations. Description: Removing a certain reimbursement limit on grant awards to certain members of the National Guard for the cost of certain health care and dental care premiums, subject to the limitation that the total amount of grants awarded to eligible recipients in a fiscal year may not exceed the annual appropriation in the State budget for the Tricare Premium Reimbursement Program.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cannabis – Community Reinvestment and Repair Fund – Distribution and Use of Funds for Baltimore City. Description: Altering the process for distributing the Community Reinvestment and Repair Fund to Baltimore City by allocating certain funds to the Baltimore City Comptroller under certain circumstances; establishing an Equitable Community Investment Council in each Baltimore City State legislative district; requiring each council to adopt a governance structure within 45 days after the first meeting and to develop a plan and program to allocate funds to community-based organizations for certain capital projects, services, and programs; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange – State–Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program – Amount of Annual Subsidies. Description: Altering the amount of funds in each of calendar years 2024 and 2025, the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange is authorized to designate for annual subsidies under the State-Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program to include unspent funds designated for subsidies for young adults in a previous calendar year.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Board of Public Works - Transparency Data Dashboard. Description: Requiring the Comptroller to develop and maintain on the Board of Public Works' website a procurement transparency data dashboard;  establishing a governance committee composed of the liaisons to the Board from the offices of the Governor, the Comptroller, and the State Treasurer to review the contents of the dashboard for accuracy; requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2025, to include in the annual budget bill an amount necessary for one full-time position and software needed to develop and maintain the dashboard; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program - Alterations. Description: Expanding eligibility for financial assistance under the Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program to include individuals who purchase certain qualified property after a qualified project is completed, at an affordable sales price as determined by certain regulations, and as an owner-occupant.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Qualified Resident Enrollment Program (Access to Care Act). Description: Requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to establish and implement the Qualified Resident Enrollment Program to facilitate the enrollment of qualified residents in qualified plans; providing that the operation and administration of the Program may include functions delegated by the Maryland Exchange to a third party; and providing that the implementation of the Program is contingent on approval of a certain waiver application amendment.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System - Reemployment as Sheriff. Description: Requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to suspend the retirement benefit of a retiree of the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System who is elected as a sheriff within 1 year after retirement; providing for the reinstatement of a benefit; providing that a suspension of a benefit does not affect survivor benefits; and applying the Act only to any individual who retires after July 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Armed Forces – Support of Military Families and Addition of Space Force. Description: Adding the Space Force to certain provisions of law related to the armed forces; authorizing military spouses and residents of the State who are members of the National Guard of another state or a reserve component of the armed forces to terminate certain contracts at any time after the date the service member receives certain military orders to relocate; adding the Space Force and members of the National Guard of any other state to the definition of a "military-connected student" for purposes of the Purple Stars Schools Program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Kinship Care. Description: Altering the definition of relative to mean an individual who is a kinship caregiver for purposes of provisions of law relating to children in need of assistance; and altering provisions of law relating to the kinship care program in the Department of Human Services and certain procedures for the placement of children in need of out-of-home placement.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State-Owned Nursing Homes - Deficiencies, Citations, and Fines - Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring the department charged with oversight of a State-owned nursing home operated by a contractor, instead of the contractor, to provide notice of certain deficiencies and enforcement actions to the Governor, certain members of the General Assembly, and the local governing body of the county in which the nursing home is located; and requiring the department charged with oversight to provide certain information within 30 days after the contractor's final acceptance of a plan of correction or completion of an informal dispute resolution.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, Speech-Language Pathologists, and Music Therapists - Appointment of Members. Description: Requiring the Governor to appoint the licensed audiologist members to the State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, Speech-Language Pathologists, and Music Therapists from a list submitted by the Maryland Academy of Audiology rather than by the Board.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Pathway to Nursing Pilot Program and Advisory Committee - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Pathway to Nursing Pilot Program in the Maryland Higher Education Commission to support students in licensed practical nursing education programs who intend to practice nursing as a career in the State; requiring the Secretary of Higher Education to issue grants to at least two pilot sites on or before July 1, 2025; requiring the Secretary, on or before each December 15 annually through 2029, to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on the implementation of the Program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baby Food - Toxic Heavy Metals - Testing and Labeling (Rudy's Law). Description: Requiring, beginning January 1, 2025, manufacturers of baby food to test a representative sample of each production aggregate of baby food for toxic heavy metals; requiring, beginning January 1, 2026, manufacturers of baby food to make certain information related to the testing and a link to certain guidance and information publicly available on the manufacturer's website; requiring a consumer to report baby food to the Maryland Department of Health if the consumer believes the baby food is being sold with toxic heavy metals; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Parole Supervision Fees and Drug and Alcohol Abuse Test Payment - Repeal. Description: Repealing the requirement for the Maryland Parole Commission to assess a fee against an individual on parole and supervised by the Division of Parole and Probation under certain circumstances; and repealing  authorization for the Division of Parole and Probation to require a supervisee of the Division who is on parole to pay for certain drug or alcohol abuse testing under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Occupations and Professions - Security Guards - Use of Force Reporting, Standards, and Certifications. Description: Prohibiting a use of force report from including information that is prohibited from disclosure by State or federal law; requiring the employer of a security guard providing security guard services on the premises of a health care facility to report certain information to the Secretary of State Police every 7 days; and altering the effective date of certain provisions of law relating to security guards from June 1, 2024, to January 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Motorcycles - Passenger Restrictions. Description: Requiring a rear passenger on a motorcycle to be able to firmly position the passenger's feet on the footrests of the motorcycle, subject to an exception for permanent physical disability.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force to Study Transparency in Tax Incentives. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study Transparency in Tax Incentives to study and recommend a uniform process for evaluating tax increment financing, payments in lieu of taxes, the Enterprise Zone property tax credit, and the Brownfields Revitalization Incentive Program; and requiring the Task Force to submit a report of its findings and recommendations on or before July 1, 2025, to the Governor, the General Assembly, and certain local governments.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Weinberg Center License. Description: Providng that in Frederick County the area in which alcoholic beverages may be consumed in the Weinberg Center for the Arts is anywhere on the licensed premises.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Performing Arts Nonprofit Organization License. Description: Establishing in Harford County a performing arts nonprofit organization license that authorizes the holder to sell or serve beer, wine, and liquor at certain locations for on-premises consumption; requiring the holder of the license to comply with certain record-keeping and reporting requirements; and establishing an annual license fee of $750 for the license.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Golf Simulator Facility. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue a Class GSF (golf simulator facility) license to a golf simulator facility under certain circumstances; authorizing the license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption under certain circumstances; requiring the license holder to submit an annual gross sales report to the Board before a license may be renewed; and establishing an annual license fee of $1,500.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Harford Community College Board of Trustees - Alterations. Description: Requiring that a member of the Harford Community College Board of Trustees be a resident of Harford County for the duration of the member's term; altering the membership of the Harford Community College Board of Trustees so that all members are at large; requiring the Governor to consider certain factors when appointing members to the Board; and altering meeting requirements so that the Harford Community College Board of Trustees and the Harford County Board of Education are no longer required to attend certain meetings.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Freedom to Read Act. Description: Establishing a State policy that local school systems operate their school library media programs consistent with certain standards; requiring each local school system to develop a policy and procedures to review objections to materials in a school library media program; prohibiting a county board of education from dismissing, demoting, suspending, disciplining, reassigning, transferring, or otherwise retaliating against certain school library media program personnel for performing their job duties consistent with certain standards; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Operating a Vessel While Under the Influence of Alcohol - Enforcement (Nick's Law). Description: Altering the time period within which a court may prohibit a person convicted under certain circumstances of operating a vessel while under the influence of alcohol from operating a vessel on the waters of the State; requiring the Department of Natural Resources, in coordination with the Natural Resources Police Force, to establish and maintain a database of persons prohibited from operating a vessel on the waters of the State due to a certain conviction for operating a vessel while under the influence of alcohol; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Fees for Class C Per Diem Licenses. Description: Increasing in Anne Arundel County the fees for certain Class C per diem alcoholic beverages licenses when issued for a 1-day event with more than 1,000 attendees.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile Law - Reform. Description: Altering the jurisdiction of the juvenile court over a child of a certain age alleged to have committed a certain offense; altering certain procedures relating to juvenile intake, detention, and probation; requiring the Secretary of Juvenile Services to include certain programs in a certain plan; requiring the State Board of Victim Services to include certain information about filing a certain complaint in a certain pamphlet; repealing certain provisions relating to the State Advisory Board for Juvenile Services; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Winery and Vineyard Economic Development Grant Program - Modifications. Description: Altering procedures for the claiming and awarding of grants under the Winery and Vineyard Economic Development Grant Program to allow an individual or corporation who paid or incurred qualified capital expenses during the immediately preceding calendar year to submit a grant application.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Government - Annual Audit Reporting Requirements - Alterations. Description: Requiring 20% of State aid for the current fiscal year for highway user revenues and disparity grants to be discontinued if a county, municipality, or special taxing district does not submit a certain audit report within 2 calendar years after the deadline for the report, subject to a certain condition; and applying the Act beginning with the fiscal year 2024 audits that are required to be submitted under a certain provision of law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health – Opioid Restitution Advisory Council and Fund – Revisions. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Health to present decisions for the allocations of money from the Opioid Restitution Fund to the Opioid Restitution Fund Advisory Council; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to post on the Department's website certain information regarding allocations of money from the Fund; and requiring the Department to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2024, on the best process for making the expenditures of all opioid settlement agreements accessible to the public.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Retail Sales of Gift Cards (Gift Card Scams Prevention Act of 2024). Description: Prohibiting a merchant from selling a certain open- or closed-loop gift card to a consumer unless the merchant meets certain requirements; requiring a certain merchant to provide training to all employees of the merchant on identifying and responding to gift card fraud; requiring the Division of Consumer Protection to create a certain notice and issue certain guidelines regarding gift card fraud; requiring a certain third-party gift card reseller to record and maintain a copy of certain information for at least 3 years; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Maryland Civic Excellence Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Maryland Civic Excellence Program as a voluntary program in which local school systems may participate to recognize students and public schools that promote the civic readiness and civic engagement of students in public schools in the State; and requiring, on or before July 1, 2026, and each July 1 thereafter, each participating local school system to submit to the State Department of Education a report on the Program in the most recently completed school year.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Somerset County – Sale of Property – Revells Neck Road. Description: Authorizing the County Commissioners of Somerset County to sell the property at Map 32, Parcel 149 on Revells Neck Road under terms considered appropriate by the county commissioners.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Arts Incubator Workgroup - Established. Description: Establishing the Arts Incubator Workgroup to study how arts and cultural institutions can support local artists; and requiring the Workgroup to submit to the Governor and the General Assembly a preliminary report on its findings, including research, case studies, and examples of approaches used to support artists in other areas, by January 1, 2025, and a final report on its recommendations, including any necessary budget, facilities, or in-kind services that are needed or could be used to support local artists, by October 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development - Business Diversity Incubator Program and Fund - Established. Description: Establishing the Business Diversity Incubator Program and Fund in the Department of Commerce to provide grants to certain business entities to establish diverse and effective business incubators in the State; authorizing the Governor in each of fiscal years 2026 through 2031, to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $5,000,000 to the Business Diversity Incubator Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Promoter's Permit. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue a promoter's permit to a certain for-profit organization under certain circumstances; prohibiting a permit holder from holding an alcoholic beverages license; authorizing a permit holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor at an event; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Property Tax Credit for Property Located in Historic District - Alterations. Description: Repealing certain requirements for the amount and duration of a tax credit against the property tax imposed on certain improved real property owned by the Emmitsburg Civic Association and located in a historic district in Frederick County; authorizing the governing body of Frederick County to provide, by law, for the amount and duration of the credit and certain other matters relating to the credit; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County – Alcoholic Beverages – Stadium License. Description: Authorizing the holder of a stadium license in Frederick County to sell liquor for on-premises consumption in addition to beer and wine; and increasing the annual license fee for a stadium license in the county from $2,000 to $2,500.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Initial Teacher Certification - Requirements. Description: Repealing a provision of law that requires a teacher preparation program to require a student to pass a certain assessment as a graduation requirement; altering the requirements for initial teacher certification; authorizing a local school system to establish a comprehensive induction program to aid in meeting a certain requirement for initial teacher certification; and altering the qualification requirements for a teacher who holds a professional license or certificate from another state.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Maryland Entertainment District Security Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Maryland Entertainment District Security Grant Program to assist community organizations, nonprofit entities, and local governments in funding security operations during times of high pedestrian traffic in certain entertainment districts; establishing the Maryland Entertainment District Security Grant Program Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund; authorizing the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2026 and each fiscal year thereafter, to appropriate up to $1,000,000 in the annual budget bill to the Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Officers and Employees - Required Surety Bonds - Insurance Policies Authorized. Description: Altering the requirements that certain officers and employees of the State be covered by certain surety bonds to allow the officers and employees to be covered by certain insurance policies; transferring certain duties and responsibilities of the Maryland State Employees Surety Bond Committee to the State Treasurer; and repealing certain provisions of law related to the approval, form, and record of certain surety bonds required for certain officers and employees of the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Investment Portfolio and Local Government Investment Guidelines - Investment Standards. Description: Requiring the Treasurer to consult with governmental entities prior to proposing certain regulations; requiring the Treasurer to adopt regulations, on or before December 1, 2024, that specify asset classes in which the Treasurer may invest; requiring the Treasurer to notify governing bodies of certain governmental entities about certain updates to certain investment standards; authorizing the Treasurer to retain investments made prior to the effective date of the Act until the investments have reached their respective maturity dates; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Treasurer and Comptroller - Membership Responsibilities. Description: Removing the State Treasurer from the Board of Trustees for the Maryland Agricultural Land Preservation Foundation and repealing certain related authority and duties; removing the State Treasurer or the State Treasurer's designee from the Maryland Commission on Climate Change and the Coast Smart Council; and adding the Comptroller or the Comptroller's designee as a member of the Maryland Commission on Climate Change and the Coast Smart Council.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations – Limited License to Practice Dentistry – Services for Adults. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Dental Examiners to waive certain education requirements for certain applicants for a limited license to practice dentistry who provide dental services for adults.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Hearing Aids for Adults - Coverage. Description: Requiring insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations that provide certain health insurance benefits under certain insurance policies or contracts to provide certain coverage for certain hearing aids for adults; authorizing a limit on the benefit payable of $1,400 per hearing aid every 36 months; and authorizing an insured or enrollee to choose a certain hearing aid and pay a certain amount for the hearing aid without financial or contractual penalty to the provider of the hearing aid.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Regional Additive Manufacturing Partnership of Maryland - Alterations. Description: Renaming the Regional Additive Manufacturing Partnership of Maryland to be the Regional Advanced Manufacturing Partnership of Maryland; altering the purposes and duties of the Partnership and composition of the Executive Board of the Partnership; and renaming the Regional Additive Manufacturing Partnership of Maryland Fund to be the Regional Advanced Manufacturing Partnership of Maryland Fund.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Solar Energy Systems and Programs, Maryland Strategic Energy Investment Fund, and Prevailing Wage (Brighter Tomorrow Act). Description: Requiring that certain home improvement contracts for the installation of a solar energy generating system on the roof of a building include the installation of a certain wildlife barrier under certain circumstances; requiring a county or municipality to implement certain software for features supporting the tracking and approval of residential building permits for residential solar energy and energy storage systems and main electric panel urgrades and derates on or before August 1, 2025, except under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Comprehensive Community Safety Funding Act. Description: Altering the sales and use tax rate imposed on firearms, firearm accessories, and ammunition from 6% to 11%; and providing that the sales and use tax does not apply to the sale of certain firearm accessories and ammunition.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Uniform Disposition of Abandoned Property Act – Maryland 529 Program – Exemption. Description: Exempting certain accounts under the Maryland 529 Program from the provisions of the Maryland Uniform Disposition of Abandoned Property Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Employed Individuals With Disabilities. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to provide Maryland Medical Assistance Program services for individuals under the Employed Individuals with Disabilities Program in accordance with certain requirements; prohibiting the Department from limiting eligibility to receive services under the EID Program based on certain criteria; requiring the Department, on or before December 1, 2024, to submit a report to certain committees of the General Assembly on the impact of implementing an EID Program that serves certain individuals; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Utilization Review - Revisions. Description: Altering and establishing requirements and prohibitions related to health insurance utilization review; altering requirements related to internal grievance procedures and adverse decision procedures; altering certain reporting requirements on health insurance carriers relating to adverse decisions; and establishing requirements on health insurance carriers and health care providers relating to the provision of patient benefit information.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Tort Claims Act - Sheriffs and Deputy Sheriffs - County Responsibility. Description: Clarifying that a county is responsible for a certain tort claim against a sheriff or deputy sheriff under the Maryland Tort Claims Act; clarifying that, for certain tort claims against a sheriff or deputy sheriff, the State is the proper defendant; and specifying that it is the intent of the General Assembly that the Office of the Attorney General and the State Treasurer work with certain entities when disputes arise regarding the allocation of responsibility for tort claims under the law.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Practice Audiology - Definition. Description: Altering the definition of "practice audiology" for the purposes of certain provisions of law governing the licensure and regulation of audiologists to include certain procedures that do not require anesthesia and certain screenings, testing, and imaging.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Disability Service Animal Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Maryland Disability Service Animal Program in the Department of Disabilities; requiring the Department to select a nonprofit training entity for participation in the Program; and establishing the Maryland Disability Service Animal Program Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Access to Attorneys, Advocates, and Consultants for Special Education Program and Fund - Established. Description: Requiring certain information to be provided to the parents of a child with a disability under certain circumstances; establishing the Access to Attorneys, Advocates, and Consultants for Special Education Program; establishing the Access to Attorneys, Advocates, and Consultants for Special Education Fund; requiring interest earnings of the Fund to be credited to the Fund; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $1,000,000 to the Fund beginning in fiscal year 2026; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Northwest Baltimore County Sports Tourism Facility – Feasibility Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Stadium Authority to conduct a certain feasibility study for developing, establishing, and operating a sports tourism facility at Reisterstown Regional Park in northwest Baltimore County; requiring the Authority to consult with certain governments, stakeholders and entities in conducting the study; and requiring the Authority to submit a final report of its findings, conclusions, and recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation – Licensed Home Improvement Contractors – Liability Insurance. Description: Increasing from $50,000 to $500,000 the amount of general liability insurance that an applicant for a home improvement contractor license or a licensed home improvement contractor must maintain.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Somerset County - Fire, Rescue, and Emergency Medical Services. Description: Authorizing the County Commissioners of Somerset County to enact local laws and adopt other measures to manage, direct, and regulate fire, rescue, and emergency medical services in the County; authorizing the County Commissioners to authorize or create an entity or a body to administer the County's affairs in the County relating to fire, rescue, and emergency medical services; and requiring the County Commissioners to establish an Emergency Services Advisory Council to make certain recommendations under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anaerobic Digestion Technology - Coordination and Guidance. Description: Requiring the Department of Agriculture to coordinate with the Maryland Energy Administration, the Department of the Environment, the Department of Commerce, the University of Maryland College of Agriculture and Natural Resources, the University of Maryland Eastern Shore, electric companies, farmers, and industry to ensure anaerobic digestion technology projects are appropriately coordinated; and requiring the Department, in coordination with certain agencies, to establish guidance for farmers on anaerobic digestion technology.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Dorchester County - County Applicants - Polygraph Examination. Description: Exempting applicants for employment as a paramedic or an emergency medical technician  with the Emergency Medical Services Division or as a 9-1-1 Center dispatcher at the Dorchester County 9-1-1 Center within the Dorchester County Department of Emergency Services from the prohibition on employers requiring or demanding that an individual submit to or take a polygraph examination as a condition of prospective employment.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Dorchester County - County Property Leases - Notice Exemptions. Description: Exempting a lease of county property for a term of 5 years or less made by Dorchester County from certain notice requirements.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Cyber Maryland Fund and Program – Alterations. Description: Requiring the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to administer the Cyber Maryland Fund; altering the uses of the Fund to include administrative expenses of the Program, including hiring staff, consultants, and other professionals as necessary to implement, maintain, and administer the Program and the Fund; requiring the Corporation to adopt standards for awarding grants; and requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $99,000 for the Fund to be used for talent pipeline management.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Missing Persons - Purple Alert Program. Description: Establishing a Purple Alert Program to disseminate information to assist in locating a missing person who has a cognitive impairment, mental disorder, intellectual or developmental disability, or brain injury or who is deaf, deafblind, hard of hearing, or late-deafened and who does not meet the criteria for activation of a Silver Alert; and authorizing the Department of State Police to consult with relevant stakeholders representing citizens with disabilities to develop regulations and procedures to carry out the Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Information Technology - Artificial Intelligence - Policies and Procedures (Artificial Intelligence Governance Act of 2024). Description: Requiring each unit of State government to conduct certain inventories and a certain assessment on or before certain dates; prohibiting the Department of Information Technology from making certain information publicly available under certain circumstances; requiring the Department, in consultation with a certain subcabinet, to adopt certain policies and procedures concerning the development, procurement, deployment, use, and assessment of systems that employ artificial intelligence by units of State government; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Insurance Administration - Professional Employer Organizations - Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Insurance Administration to study professional employer organizations in the State to review certain regulations, history, health plans, requirements, and regulatory structures in other states and to address any potential impacts of proposed statutory changes in the State relating to the offering of health coverage by professional employer organizations on the small group market in the State; and requiring the Administration to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 31, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - State Law Enforcement Officers. Description: Altering a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for the first $5,000 of income earned by certain law enforcement officers to include State law enforcement officers who reside in a political subdivision in which the crime rate exceeds the State's crime rate; and applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2023.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Facilities - Delegation of Inspection Authority - Nursing Homes. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Health, on request of a county, to delegate to the county the authority to conduct site visits and full surveys of nursing homes; and requiring that the Maryland Department of Health and certain counties equally share the costs of conducting site visits and full surveys delegated by the Secretary under the Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts and Judicial Proceedings - Jury Examination and Workgroup to Study the Voir Dire Process. Description: Specifying the purpose of jury examination in any State court is to identify and remove prospective jurors who are unable to serve fairly and impartially and to allow the parties to obtain information that may provide guidance for the use of peremptory challenges and challenges for cause; establishing the Workgroup to Study the Voir Dire Process; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before June 30, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Somerset County - Fire Companies - Appropriations. Description: Requiring the County Commissioners of Somerset County to appropriate to certain organized volunteer fire companies in the county certain amounts for fiscal years 2025 through 2030; and requiring that the appropriations required for fiscal year 2030 remain in effect for subsequent fiscal years unless altered by a future enactment.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians - Performance of X-Ray Duties Without a License. Description: Altering the circumstances under which individuals without a license to practice medicine may perform X-ray duties; authorizing the State Board of Physicians to impose for each violation of the Act a civil penalty of up to $5,000 on the physician's office and up to $1,000 on the individual who violated the Act; requiring the Board, by October 1, 2029, to report to certain committees of the General Assembly on the number of individuals registered to perform limited X-ray duties and the continuation or replacement of the registration process; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Delegated Authorities - Well and Septic Program Permits. Description: Requiring a local health department or county government to which the Department of the Environment has delegated authority to administer a septic and well program to submit, on or before December 1, 2024, a schedule of review times for certain well and septic program permits for approval; and requiring a local health department or county government to submit well and septic program permit data to the Department for review beginning 3 months after the original schedule submission approved by the Department and every 3 months thereafter.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Deep Creek Lake - Lower Lake Levels - Requirement and Impact Study. Description: Requiring the Water and Science Administration in the Department of the Environment, under certain circumstances to require Brookfield Power Piney & Deep Creek LLC to lower the level of Deep Creek Lake for at least 4 weeks between October 31 and January 1; requiring the Department of Natural Resources or a contractor hired by the Department of Natural Resources to conduct a study while the lake level is lowered to determine the impact of the lower levels on nvasive plants, sediment deposits, and the whitewater industry; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Lighting - Privately Owned Vehicles. Description: Authorizing certain members of a volunteer fire company to equip their privately owned vehicles with red and green or red and white lights or signal devices.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: General Provisions - Damages or Losses - Definition. Description: Defining "damages" or "losses" in statutory causes of action to protect civil rights or consumer rights and providing that "damages" or "losses" includes reasonable nominal damages.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Automatic License Plate Readers - Captured Plate Data Storage and Upload. Description: Altering the definition of "historical data" to include automatic license plate reader data stored by cloud computing; establishing that certain captured automatic license plate reader data is the property of a certain law enforcement agency and may not be sold for any purpose; establishing that certain captured automatic license plate reader data may be uploaded to the Maryland Coordination and Analysis Center; and extending certain penalties for a violation of the Act to a vendor contracted by a law enforcement agency.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation - Benefits - Hearing Loss. Description: Altering the frequencies in which industrial noise must be for an employer to be required to provide workers' compensation to a covered employee for hearing loss; altering the method used to determine the percentage of hearing loss deafness for purposes of workers' compensation; and altering the method used to determine the deduction required to be made to allow for the average amount of hearing loss from nonoccupational causes in the population for purposes of calculating workers' compensation benefits for occupational deafness.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Labor - Unemployment Insurance - Study on Actively Seeking Work Requirements. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor, on or before December 1, 2024, to conduct a study on the actively seeking work requirement of the unemployment insurance system in the State and other states to evaluate the effects of ghosting on actively seeking work requirements and report on the study to the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Local Government Tort Claims Act - Hagerstown Multi-Use Sports and Events Facility, Inc.. Description: Altering the definition of "local government" under the Local Government Tort Claims Act to include the Hagerstown Multi-Use Sports and Events Facility, Inc., in Washington County.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Personnel - Line-of-Duty Death and Funeral Benefits. Description: Increasing to $25,000 the maximum amount of funeral expenses that may be provided for a line-of-duty death of certain public safety officers and indexing the benefit to inflation; repealing an offset against certain funeral expenses for the line-of-duty death of certain public safety officers; increasing the maximum amount of line-of-duty death benefits for State employees and indexing the benefit to inflation; providing a funeral expense benefit for a line-of-duty death for State employees and indexing the benefit to inflation; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County Board of Education - Members - Residency Requirement. Description: Requiring that a member of the Washington County Board of Education be a resident of Washington County for at least 6 months and a resident of the State for at least 12 months immediately preceding the date the member takes office; and requiring members of the county board to maintain a primary residence in Washington County during their term.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Alcoholic Beverages - Multi-Use Sports and Events Facility Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Altering the stadium beer and wine license in Washington County to be a multi-use sports and events facility beer, wine, and liquor license; authorizing the license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption in the multi-use sports and events facility; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture – Nuisance Insects. Description: Requiring, instead of authorizing, the Secretary of Agriculture to implement, under certain circumstances, a program to use Bacillus thuringiensis israelensis to control or eliminate nuisance insects in the State; and requiring, instead of authorizing, the Secretary to carry out a certain project to control or eliminate nuisance insects if the county or municipality in which the nuisance insects are located agrees to pay 50% of the costs associated with the project.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Washington County - Board of License Commissioners - Membership. Description: Requiring that certain numbers of members of the Board of License Commissioners for Washington County shall belong to certain political parties based on the aggregated number of votes in the preceding election of the Board of County Commissioners.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Revenge Porn - Civil Action and Reporting Requirement. Description: Authorizing a person to bring and maintain a civil action for defamation under certain circumstances; and altering the prohibition against revenge porn to prohibit a person from knowingly distributing a computer-generated visual representation that is indistinguishable from another actual and identifiable person under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Department of Education - Division of Rehabilitation Services - Funding. Description: Authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill a certain appropriation to the Division of Rehabilitation Services in the State Department of Education to ensure the State match amount for the Division is met as required by certain federal acts.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Universities at Shady Grove Regional Higher Education Center – Designation as Community of Innovation. Description: Designating the Universities at Shady Grove Regional Higher Education Center as the State's Regional Higher Education Community of Innovation; and altering the purposes of the Universities at Shady Grove to include serving a diverse citizenry in an innovative manner to meet the educational needs of the region and fostering individual academic success leading to career success which positively impacts the entire economy of the region.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Immunity From Liability - Maryland Safe Haven Program. Description: Altering, clarifying, and expanding certain provisions of law relating to the immunity from liability of a parent who leaves an unharmed newborn with a responsible adult within 60 days of the birth under certain circumstances; requiring the Secretary of Human Services to develop, implement, and maintain a public information program to inform the public about the Maryland Safe Haven Program; and requiring the Secretary of Human Services to submit a report to the General Assembly about the Maryland Safe Haven Program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Miriam Kelty Aging and Senior Social Connection Hub and Spoke Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Miriam Kelty Aging and Senior Social Connection Hub and Spoke Pilot Program in the Maryland Department of Aging; establishing the purpose and the goals of the Pilot Program are to support the "village" concept of local, volunteer-led organizations that aim to provide certain services to community members who choose to age in place and to expand those services to more residents in the geographic region; and requiring the Montgomery County Village Consortium to establish a certain plan and submit certain reports.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Gaming – Problem Gambling – Prevalence Study and Fund Revenue. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to conduct certain prevalence studies concerning problem and pathological mobile gambling, with an initial study to be completed on or before July 1, 2029; requiring the Secretary of Health, on or before November 1 each year, beginning in 2025, to submit a report to the General Assembly on how the funds in the Problem Gambling Fund have been expended on treatement and prevention programs; and altering the distribution of certain fantasy competition and sports wagering proceeds.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Shellfish Aquaculture - Harvest Hours. Description: Repealing a restriction on the harvesting of shellfish between the hours of sunset and sunrise from certain areas leased for aquaculture; and requiring the Department of Natural Resources to establish by regulation the hours for harvesting shellfish within leased areas.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Average Final Compensation - Compensation Adjustments. Description: Establishing that certain adjustments to compensation may not be considered an extraordinary salary increase when determining the average final compensation of a member in the State Retirement and Pension System; and requiring a member to submit certain information to the State Retirement Agency in a certain manner at the time of retirement.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health – Federally Qualified Health Centers Grant Program – Recovery of Funding. Description: Altering the number of years after completion of a project funded in part by a grant of the Federally Qualified Health Centers Grant Program after which the State may recover funding under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Growing Family Child Care Opportunities Pilot Program – Permanent Establishment. Description: Establishing the Growing Family Child Care Opportunities Pilot Program as a permanent program; and extending the appropriation that the Governor is required to make in the annual budget bill to the Program to fiscal year 2026.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Virtual Tutoring Services - Background Checks and Fingerprinting. Description: Requiring a county board of education, a nonpublic school, or a contracting agency that has contracted with a virtual tutoring service to require the virtual tutoring service to conduct a criminal history records check for any individual at the virtual tutoring service who engages with a minor; and authorizing certain criminal history records checks conducted by a virtual tutoring service to satisfy certain fingerprinting and background requirements.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Compensation for Individuals Erroneously Convicted - Alterations. Description: Altering certain benefits that a certain individual who has been erroneously convicted of a crime is entitled to receive; requiring the State to notify a certain individual of certain information in writing under certain circumstances when the State intends to reduce or prevent an award of compensation to the individual; and repealing obsolete provisions of law relating to the filing of a certain petition for compensation.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation - MobilityLink Paratransit Service Improvements - Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Transportation Institute at the University of Maryland to conduct a study to identify methods to improve the Maryland Transit Administration's ADA MobilityLink paratransit service; authorizing the Governor in fiscal year 2026 to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of at least $150,000 for the study; and requiring the Institute to submit a report on its findings and recommendations to the Governor, the General Assembly, and certain officials on or before July 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: School Construction - Public Charter School Facility Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Public Charter School Facility Fund to provide funding on an annual basis to public charter schools in the State for eligible expenses associated with school facilities; exempting the Fund from a requirement that interest earnings on State money accrue to the General Fund of the State; requiring the Interagency Commission on School Construction to administer the Fund; and requiring the Fund to be used only to acquire, plan, develop, finance, construct, lease, improve, repair, and maintain public charter school facilities.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Control Over Powers of Police Commissioner. Description: Repealing a prohibition on certain Baltimore City ordinances or acts of certain municipal officials from conflicting, impeding, obstructing, hindering, or interfering with the powers of the Baltimore City Police Commissioner; and making a portion of the Act contingent on the passage and ratification, by January 1, 2025, of an amendment to the Charter of Baltimore City that provides for the appointment, terms of office, and the powers and duties of the Baltimore City Police Commissioner and Department.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Licensing Fees. Description: Altering certain licensing fees for alcoholic beverages in Baltimore City.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore Convention and Tourism Redevelopment and Operating Authority Task Force. Description: Establishing the Baltimore Convention and Tourism Redevelopment and Operating Authority Task Force to study and make recommendations concerning the membership, purpose, and function of an entity or strategy to govern the renovation, revitalization, financing, and ongoing maintenance and management of the Baltimore Convention site and certain surrounding areas; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Mayor of Baltimore City, the Governor, and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax Subtraction Modification – Death Benefits – Law Enforcement Officers and Fire Fighters. Description: Allowing a subtraction under the Maryland income tax for the payment of a death benefit under a collective bargaining agreement from a county or municipality in the State to the surviving spouse or other beneficiary of a law enforcement officer or fire fighter whose death arises out of or in the course of employment as a law enforcement officer or fire fighter; and applying the Act retroactively to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Wildlife – Protections and Highway Crossings. Description: Requiring the Department of Natural Resources, in collaboration with the State Highway Administration, to identify and prioritize certain species whose habitat or movement corridors intersect with State highways and develop tools, technology, and techniques to identify certain State highway infrastructure locations; requiring the Department of Natural Resources to develop a methodology and a cost estimate for performing a statewide deer population survey on or before November 1, 2024; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B Beer, Wine, and Liquor Licenses. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a Class B beer, wine, and liquor license in ward 4, precincts 1 and 2; and establishing the requirements for a holder of the license.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety – Extreme Risk Protective Orders – Review of Court Records. Description: Authorizing researchers affiliated with institutions of higher education who are conducting research to review a court record related to a petition for an extreme risk protective order; requiring the Maryland Judiciary to require an institution of higher education that has researchers reviewing court records to enter into an agreement providing for the storage and handling of the records; authorizing the Judiciary to institute an injunction or other remedy for a violation of the agreement and to prevent disclosure of certain records; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Conversion of Commercial Buildings for Residential Use - Report. Description: Requiring each political subdivision to inventory vacant commercial buildings, develop a plan to convert certain vacant commercial buildings for residential use, and submit a report to the Department of Housing and Community Development on or before January 1, 2025; requiring political subdivision to update the report every 2 years; requiring the Department to establish and maintain a database of vacant commercial buildings in the State that have the potential to be converted for residential use; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Governor's Workforce Development Board - Study on Advancing Skills-Based Hiring. Description: Requiring the Governor's Workforce Development Board, in consultation with the Maryland Department of Labor, to conduct a study on discrimination in employment opportunities in the State against individuals who do not hold a high school diploma or a degree from an institution of higher education and advancing skills-driven education and training, hiring, and internal advancement practices; and requiring the Board to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and certain committees on or before July 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture – Invasive Plant Species – Regulation (Biodiversity and Agriculture Protection Act). Description: Altering the regulatory approach for controlling invasive plant species in the State, including repealing certain provisions of law relating to a two-tiered regulatory approach and requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to establish a list of prohibited invasive plants by regulation in a certain manner on or before October 1, 2024; establishing certain protocols for assessing certain nonnative plants and determining whether those plants are invasive or whether the plants may be placed on a certain watch list; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Fish and Wildlife - Endangered and Threatened Species - Definitions, Petitions, and Regulations. Description: Requiring certain petitions to review the listing or unlisting of endangered or threatened species to contain certain information regarding the distribution, life, and habitat needs of the species and relevant information about the status of a species; requiring the Secretary of Natural Resources to review and, if warranted, update certain regulations listing endangered or threatened species on or before July 1, 2026, and every 5 years thereafter; and defining "fish" and "wildlife" for certain purposes.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources – Fisheries – Oyster Management. Description: Repealing a provision of law prohibiting the Department of Natural Resources from taking any action to reduce or alter the boundaries of certain oyster sanctuaries until the Department has developed a certain updated fishery management plan for oysters.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Agricultural BMP Priority Environmental Stewardship Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Maryland Agricultural BMP Priority Environmental Stewardship Program to provide and prioritize the use of certain funding relating to agricultural best management practices and to increase the cost-effectiveness and environmental, social, and health impacts of State-funded best management practices in a certain manner; requiring a grant applicant to demonstrate that any agricultural operation on which best management practices are to be established are in compliance with certain nutrient management plans; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Performing Arts Theater License. Description: Altering eligibility for a performing arts theater license in Harford County by altering the definition of "performing arts theater" and authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the license to a certain for-profit theater, rather than a nonprofit theater; authorizing the holder of the license to sell liquor for on-premises consumption in addition to beer and wine; and altering the license fee from $500 to $1,500.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Sheriff - Salary. Description: Altering the annual salary of the Sheriff of Baltimore County.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Grow Your Own Educators Grant Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Grow Your Own Educators Grant Program to provide grants to local school systems for employees who pledge to fulfill a certain service obligation as a full-time teacher in the State; requiring the State Department of Education to administer the Program and to take certain actions to develop and implement the Program; establishing the eligibility for certain teacher candidates in the Program and requiring teacher candidates to be paid a certain rate and offered certain benefits under the Program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Public Education Campaign on Prostate, Lung, and Breast Cancer Prevention. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to develop, on or before December 1, 2026, a public education campaign on prostate, lung, and breast cancer prevention that targets communities disproportionately impacted by prostate, lung, and breast cancer; requiring the Department to implement the public education campaign on or before January 1, 2027; requiring the Governor, for fiscal years 2026 through 2030, to include an appropriation to the Department for the public education campaign from the Cigarette Restitution Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B Beer, Wine, and Liquor Licenses - Purchases From Licensed Wholesalers and Self-Distribution. Description: Authorizing a Class B beer, wine, and liquor license holder to purchase liquor for retail sale from a licensed wholesaler; and authorizing a Class B beer, wine, and liquor restaurant license holder that has been issued a Class 9 limited distillery license to sell certain products manufactured under the distillery license in a certain manner.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Bus Lane Obstruction - Monitoring Systems Expansion and Workgroup (Better Bus Service Act of 2024). Description: Prohibiting a person from parking or standing certain vehicles in a dedicated bus lane; making statewide the authority of a local jurisdiction to use, in accordance with certain standards and procedures, a bus lane monitoring system to enforce the prohibition against driving, standing, or parking a motor vehicle in a designated bus lane; and establishing the Workgroup on Curb Space Management.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Nonprescription Drugs and Devices - Provision by Registered Nurses and Sale of Contraceptives Through Automatic Devices. Description: Prohibiting the sale of natural membrane condoms, rather than all nonlatex condoms, through a vending machine or other automatic device; excluding a violation of the prohibition on the sale of natural membrane comdoms through a vending machine or other automatic device from certain penalties; and authorizing registered nurses to provide, without a prescription, nonprescription drugs and devices in a local health department under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Self-Administered Sexual Assault Evidence Collection Kits. Description: Providing that a party in a criminal trial involving an allegation of sexually assaultive behavior may not introduce information that physical evidence of sexually assaultive behavior was obtained using certain materials; providing that selling, offering for sale, or distributing a certain self-administered sexual assault evidence collection kit is an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice; establishing the Forensic Nurse Examiner Training Grant Program and the Forensic Nurse Examiner Training Grant Program Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sexual Assault Forensic Examinations Conducted Through Telehealth - Reimbursement and Study. Description: Authorizing the reimbursement of a sexual assault forensic exam conducted through peer-to-peer telehealth under certain circumstances; requiring the Maryland Sexual Assault Evidence Kit Policy and Funding Committee to conduct a study on the feasibility of a telehealth program that includes a pilot program for conducting sexual assault forensic examinations through telehealth; and requiring the Committee to report its findings and recommendations to the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment Workgroup. Description: Establishing the Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment Workgroup; and requiring the Workgroup to report its framework for reliability and reporting standards for electric vehicle charging stations and recommendations to the Senate Committee on Education, Energy, and the Environment and the House Economic Matters Committee on or before November 1, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Assisted Living Programs - Assisted Living Referrers - Requirements and Prohibitions. Description: Establishing certain requirements for assisted living referrers, including requirements related to the maintenance of general liability insurance, criminal history records checks, and the provision of certain agreements and descriptions of services; prohibiting an assisted living referrer from requesting payment for a referral more than 2 years after the referral was made; requiring the Office of Health Care Quality to maintain a certain database of approved assisted living programs; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Water Pollution Control - Protecting State Waters From PFAS Pollution (Protecting State Waters From PFAS Pollution Act). Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to identify significant industrial users that currently and intentionally use PFAS chemicals by October 1, 2024; requiring the Department to develop certain PFAS monitoring and testing criteria for significant industrial users by January 1, 2025; requiring the Department to develop PFAS action levels for addressing PFAS contamination from industrial discharge for pretreatment permits by June 1, 2025; requiring the Department to develop certain mitigtion plans by September 1, 2025; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity - Tariffs, Distributed Energy Resources, and Electric Distribution System Support Services (Distributed Renewable Integration and Vehicle Electrification (DRIVE) Act). Description: Requiring an investor-owned electric company to file certain time-of-use tariffs with the Public Service Commission by July 1, 2025; requiring an investor-owned electric company to attempt to achieve a reasonable enrollment target for the tariffs by January 1, 2028; authorizing the Commission to require the automatic enrollment of certain customers in a time-of-use tariff on an opt-out basis; requiring the Commission to adopt certain regulations by May 1, 2025, regarding the interconnection of certain systems; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Clean Energy Center - Climate Technology Founder's Fund. Description: Establishing the Climate Technology Founder's Fund in the Maryland Clean Energy Center; requiring the Maryland Energy Administration to use the Maryland Strategic Energy Investment Fund to provide at least $1,200,000 in each fiscal year for fiscal years 2025 through 2028 to the Climate Technology Founder's Fund; authorizing the Governor, on or before June 30, 2024, to transfer up to $2,200,000 of funds in the the Small, Minority, and Women-Owned Businesses Account to the Climate Technology Founder's Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Carroll County - Office of Permits and Inspections - Denial of Commercial Permit or License for Unpaid Assessed Personal Property Taxes. Description: Prohibiting the Carroll County Office of Permits and Inspections from issuing or renewing a commercial license or permit in the county if the applicant has unpaid assessed personal property taxes except under certain circumstances; and authorizing the Carroll County Office of Permits and Inspections to issue or renew a commercial license or permit if the applicant submits certain evidence that the applicant has paid any previously unpaid assessed personal property taxes.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County – Alcoholic Beverages Licenses – Alcohol Awareness Training. Description: Requiring the holder of a Class B or Class D alcoholic beverages license in Carroll County or an individual designated by the license holder who has completed training in an approved alcohol awareness program to be present on the licensed premises at certain times when alcoholic beverages may be sold; providing for certain penalties; and requiring at least one license holder to maintain alcohol awareness program certification while listed on the license.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Carroll County - Sheriff - Salary. Description: Altering the annual salary of the Sheriff of Carroll County to be $191,078.10 beginning in 2026 and $212,309 beginning in 2027.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prior Authorizations of State Debt - Alterations. Description: Amending certain prior authorizations of State Debt to change the names of certain grantees, alter the authorized uses of certain grants, and extend the termination date of certain grants.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Part-Time Senatorial and Delegate Scholarships - Alterations. Description: Allowing an applicant of a part-time senatorial or delegate scholarship with a documented disability to request from the Maryland Higher Education Commission a waiver from the requirement to carry at least 6 semester hours of courses each semester.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Watershed, Stream, and Floodplain Restoration - Chesapeake and Atlantic Coastal Bays Restoration and Stream and Floodplain Restoration Funding (Whole Watershed Act). Description: Requiring, in each fiscal year from 2026 through 2030, up to $100,000 from the Chesapeake and Atlantic Coastal Bays 2010 Trust Fund to be used to fund certain operations grants at a rate of $20,000 per project sponsor each fiscal year; establishing the Whole Watershed Restoration Partnership to accelerate restoration of the Chesapeake and Atlantic Coastal Bays and their watersheds; authorizing the use of the Waterway Improvement Fund for projects that involve the beneficial use of dredged material and for certain water quality monitoring; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Energy Storage Systems – Income Tax Credit and Grant Program – Sunset Extension. Description: Extending for 2 years the termination date for a credit against the State income tax for the installation of energy storage systems in the State; and delaying for 2 years the establishment of the Energy Storage System Grant Program in the Maryland Energy Administration.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Officers' Retirement System - Membership. Description: Altering membership in the Correctional Officers' Retirement System to include certain employees of the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services and the Maryland Department of Health; requiring the State Retirement and Pension System to transfer the creditable service of employees transferred into the Correctional Officers' Retirement System under the Act; authorizing certain employees to elect, on or before June 1, 2025, not to transfer service to the Correctional Officers' Retirement System; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Private Hospital Grant Program - Funding. Description: Codifying a private hospital grant program for the purpose of making recommendations to the Governor for funding for capital projects at private hospitals in the State; requiring the Maryland Hospital Association to establish a certain review committee to develop a certain process for hospitals in the State to submit requests for funding; authorizing the Governor to include in the capital or operating budget bill in certain fiscal years an appropriation of $20,000,000 for the Private Hospital Grant Program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Crisis Response Services - 9-8-8 Trust Fund Fees. Description: Establishing a 9-8-8 fee to be paid by each subscriber to switched local exchange access service, commercial mobile radio service, or other 9-8-8-accessible service; establishing a prepaid wireless 9-8-8 fee to be paid on certain retail transactions; requiring the Comptroller to deposit the 9-8-8 fees and the prepaid wireless 9-8-8 fees in the 9-8-8 Trust Fund; and requiring the Comptroller to adopt procedures for auditing fee collection and remittance by telephone companies and commercial mobile radio service providers.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Reproductive Health Care Clinic Security Grant Program - Establishment (Supporting Reproductive Health Care Clinics Act). Description: Establishing the Reproductive Health Care Clinic Security Grant Program in the Maryland Department of Health to assist reproductive health care clinics in the State with costs associated with security improvements and safety operational expenses; prohibiting the Department from disclosing certain personal information of an individual associated with the Program; and authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill for fiscal year 2026 an appropriation of $500,000 to the Program.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Synthetic Media - Disclosure and Regulation. Description: Requiring certain persons that publish, distribute, or disseminate or cause to be published, distributed, or disseminated synthetic media to publish on their website the original content that was manipulated to generate the synthetic media; and requiring certain persons that publish, distribute, or disseminate or cause to be published, distributed, or disseminated synthetic media to include a certain disclosure in a certain manner.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Information Technology - Modernization of Information Technology Projects. Description: Altering the duties of the Secretary of Information Technology related to modernization of information technology systems; renaming the Major Information Technology Development Fund; requiring 20% of the amount appropriated to the Fund to be set aside for expedited projects each fiscal year; requiring the Board of Public Works to expedite the placement on an agenda and approval of certain contracts; altering the name, duties, and membership of the Modernize Maryland Oversight Commission; and providing for the terms of certain Commission members.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Pharmacy - Prohibition on Discrimination Against 340B Drug Distribution. Description: Prohibiting a 340B manufacturer from taking certain direct or indirect actions to limit or restrict the acquisition or delivery of a 340B drug; making a violation of the Act an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice within the meaning of the Consumer Protection Act; and requiring the Maryland Prescription Drug Affordability Board to conduct a study of the 340B Program and report its findings and recommendations to the Senate Finance Committee and the House Health and Government Operations Committee on or before July 1, 2026.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health - Language Assistance Services Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Language Assistance Services Pilot Program in the Behavioral Health Administration to provide grants to local behavioral health authorities to reimburse behavioral health providers for language assistance services for children with limited English proficiency accessing and receiving behavioral health services and for parents and legal guardians coordinating the provision of behavioral health services and making health care decisions regarding the services on behalf of a child; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Advanced Practice Registered Nurses - Professional Liability Insurance Coverage - Notification Requirements. Description: Requiring advanced practice registered nurses practicing as an advanced practice registered nurse in the State to notify patients in writing if the nurse does not maintain professional liability insurance coverage or if the coverage has lapsed and not been renewed; requiring that the notification be provided at certain visits and as part of certain informed consents, signed by a patient at certain times, and retained as part of the advanced practice registered nurse's patient records; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Certified Nursing Assistants - Licensing Requirements and Administrative Updates. Description: Exempting an individual who practices as a certain nursing assistant for less than 4 months under federal regulations from the State's certification requirement; altering the designation of, and licensure requirements for, certified nursing assistants and geriatric nursing assistants; requiring an applicant for certification as a certified nursing assistant to complete a nursing assistant competency evaluation; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Care Commission - Nursing Homes - Acquisitions. Description: Requiring a person, at least 60 days before closing on an acquisition of a nursing home, to submit a request for acquisition to the Maryland Health Care Commission and provide notice to residents, resident representatives, and employees of the nursing home; establishing requirements regarding the approval or denial of a request for acquisition; providing for judicial review of a final decision of the Commission regarding a request for acquisition of a nursing home; requiring the Commission to adopt certain regulations; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Class 4 Limited Winery License - Requirements and Authorizations. Description: Altering certain cultivation or production requirements applicable to a holder of a Class 4 limited winery license by basing them on certain agricultural products instead of grapes and other fruit; and altering the standards for the purchase of certain wine by a license holder.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Frederick County – Alcoholic Beverages – Brewery and Distillery Licenses. Description: Establishing in Frederick County a Class DBR brewery license and a Class DDS distillery license; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue to the holder of a certain brewery license a Class DBR license, which authorizes the holder to sell certain amounts of beer for on-premises consumption; authorizing the Board to issue to the holder of a certain distillery license a Class DDS license, which authorizes the holder to sell certain amounts of alcoholic beverages for on-premises consumption; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Manufacturers and Dealers - Delivery of Vehicles. Description: Establishing that certain requirements for motor vehicle manufacturers, distributors, and factory branches to deliver new motor vehicles to licensed dealers apply after receipt of an electronic order.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Specially Designed Vintage Reproduction Registration Plates. Description: Repealing the time limitation within which the Motor Vehicle Administration is required to make available specially designed vintage reproduction registration plates; and requiring the Administration to charge a fee of $100 for the initial issuance and $25 for the renewal of a specially designed vintage reproduction registration plate.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development - West North Avenue Development Authority - Alterations. Description: Altering the administration and membership of the West North Avenue Development Authority; specifying the powers and duties of the Authority, subject to certain limitations; exempting the Authority from certain provisions of law; requiring the Authority to take certain actions regarding the finances of the Authority; exempting the Authority from certain taxation or assessments under certain circumstances; establishing the West North Avenue Development Authority Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Hospitals - Medical Debt Collection - Sale of Patient Debt. Description: Authorizing a hospital, under certain circumstances, to sell the medical debt of patients if the debt is sold to a governmental unit or an entity that is under contract with the unit for the purpose of canceling the debt; requiring that a hospital's financial policy require the hospital to dismiss actions pending against a patient for the collection of debt that was sold and prohibit the hospital from engaging in specified collection activities; requiring a purchaser of medical debt to notify the patient of certain information; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Executive Appointments. Description: Authorizing the Governor to appoint individuals to the State Board of Elections and the Accountability and Implementation Board during the recess of the Senate under certain circumstances; requiring the Governor to submit a certain nomination to the Senate if the term of office will end during the next upcoming recess of the Senate; authorizing the Governor to submit a certain nomination to the Senate more than 40 days after the commencement of the regular legislative session and before Sine Die only if the Senate consents; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - 40th Alcoholic Beverages District - Revisions. Description: Establishing a Class M-F (Municipal Family Fun Center) alcoholic beverages license in the 40th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a certain Class B beer, wine, and liquor license to a restaurant in a certain location; and authorizing a certain Class A license issued for a certain location to remain unexpired until the end of July 1, 2025, for the purpose of renewal.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on Responsible Use of Natural Psychedelic Substances. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Responsible Use of Natural Psychedelic Substances to study and make recommendations related to the use of natural psychedelic substances; and requiring the Task Force to submit a report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before July 31, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Alcoholic Beverages - Individual Storage Permits. Description: Requiring an alcoholic beverages retailer in Baltimore County to have written approval from the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore County before applying to the Executive Director of the Alcohol, Tobacco, and Cannabis Commission for an individual storage permit for alcoholic beverages.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Procurement Forecast and Outreach. Description: Requiring the Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to consult with each primary procurement unit to identify potential contracting opportunities for and increase outreach efforts to small businesses; requiring each unit, on or before June 30 each year, to submit to the Office a procurement forecast for all procurement contracts over $100,000; requiring each unit, on or before August 15 each year, to submit its reconciliation of the prior fiscal year's procurement forecast in accordance with certain requirements; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Condominiums – Mandatory Insurance Coverage – Detached Units. Description: Altering the types of elements and units for which a council of unit owners is required to maintain certain property insurance; requiring the council of unit owners to notify owners of detached units within a condominium of certain property insurance coverage obligations; limiting instances when an owner of a detached unit within a condominium is required to carry homeowners insurance on the entirety of the unit; and authorizing a council of unit owners to carry homeowners insurance on the entirety of units with a condominium.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Higher Education Commission - Academic Program Approval and Institutional Mission Statements - Requirements. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor, the Department of Commerce, and the Maryland Higher Education Commission to each perform certain duties related to defining, identifying, and compiling data regarding the workforce needs in the State and work collaboratively across certain agencies in a certain manner; altering certain requirements for the State Plan of Higher Education; requiring the Commission to establish a Program Review Process Advisory Council; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Middle and High Schools - Cardiac Emergency Response Plans for Athletic Facilities (The Bailey Bullock Act). Description: Requiring that each public middle and high school alter the venue-specific emergency action plan for athletic facilities to incorporate a cardiac emergency response plan; and requiring each public middle and high school to review and update the cardiac emergency response plan each year.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: County Boards of Education - Budgets - Notice (Transparency in Education Spending Act). Description: Requiring the State Board of Education to adopt a process for the uniform and timely reporting of certain county board of education budget information to a county governing body; requiring a county board to post certain budget information on the county board's public-facing website in an easily identifiable location; requiring a certain audit to be sent to the county council or the county commissioners; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax - Appeals - Definition of "Taxpayer". Description: Defining "taxpayer" for purposes of certain provisions of law concerning property tax appeals to mean a person with an ownership interest or a leasehold interest in a property that is subject to an appeal; and applying the Act retroactively to affect any petition for review of an assessment of property filed after December 1, 2022.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Remains - Alkaline Hydrolysis and Natural Organic Reduction (Green Death Care Options Act). Description: Establishing a regulatory system for reduction operators and reduction facilities; establishing requirements and prohibitions related to the performance of alkaline hydrolysis and natural organic reduction and the disposition of hydrolyzed or soil remains by certain facilities; requiring the Director of the Office of Cemetery Oversight and the Director of the State Board of Morticians and Funeral Directors to adopt regulations governing the performance of natural organic reduction; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Building Performance Standards - Local Requests for Guidance - Religious Considerations. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor, on request of a local juridiction and in consultation with the Office of the Attorney General, to provide guidance for the implementation and enforcement of the Maryland Building Performance Standards in relation to any religious observance, practice, or belief.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: 9–1–1 Specialist Recruitment and Retention Workgroup. Description: Establishing the 9-1-1 Specialist Recruitment and Retention Workgroup; requiring the Workgroup to review the reports submitted by the Commission to Advance Next Generation 9-1-1 Across Maryland, identify and examine certain recruitment and retention challenges, and make certain recommendations; and requiring the Workgroup to submit to the Governor and the General Assembly an interim report of its findings and recommendations on or before December 1, 2024, and a final report of its findings and recommendations on or before December 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Music and Entertainment Privileges. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to receive written approval from the Anne Arundel County Office of Planning and Zoning for a music and entertainment permit before the permit may be considered at a hearing; requiring the area used for the activity under the permit to be at least 100 feet from all residentially zoned properties; renaming the entertainment permit to be a limited entertainment permit; and renaming the dancing permit to be a full entertainment permit.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Focusing Federal Career and Technical Education Act Funds on Blueprint School-to-Work Apprenticeship Goals Act. Description: Requiring the State Board of Education to collaborate with the Career and Technical Education (CTE) Committee to develop and jointly approve a plan for career and technical education in the State; requiring the State Department of Education to administer the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act; requiring the CTE Committee, beginning in fiscal year 2025, to review a certain proposal of the Department; requiring the CTE Committee to review the allocation of funds received under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on the Creation of a Division of Returning Citizens and Expanded Reentry Services - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Task Force on the Creation of a Division of Returning Citizens and Expanded Reentry Services; and requiring the Task Force to submit a report of its findings and recommendations to the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Human Relations Commission - Subpoena Enforcement. Description: Authorizing the Human Relations Commission of Anne Arundel County to seek relief if a party fails to comply with a subpoena by applying to a circuit court in any county for an order requiring the attendance and testimony of witnesses and the production of books, papers, records, electronically stored information, documents, and tangible property; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Juveniles - Truancy Reduction Pilot Program. Description: Authorizing the Circuit Administrative Judge of the Sixth Circuit to establish a Truancy Reduction Pilot Program in the juvenile court in Frederick County.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Breweries, Wineries, and Distilleries - Direct Delivery. Description: Establishing direct-to-consumer alcoholic beverages delivery permits authorizing the direct delivery of beer, wine, or liquor to a consumer in the State; establishing the requirements an individual must meet to qualify for a direct-to-consumer alcoholic beverages delivery permit; establishing a maximum amount that a recipient of an alcoholic beverages delivery may receive annually; and repealing a maximum amount that a consumer may purchase when visiting certain alcoholic beverage manufacturers.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery - Student Information. Description: Requiring public schools in the State to notify students taking the Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery (ASVAB) and parents or guardians of students taking the ASVAB of the option to prohibit the release of a student's ASVAB test scores to military recruiters; and repealing the requirement that certain schools provide certain notice to certain individuals regarding the release of student information and ASVAB test scores.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cosmetologists - Esthetic Services - Definition. Description: Altering the definition of "provide esthetic services" to include certain services and to provide that it does not include the diagnosis of illness, disease, or injury or performing ablation of the dermis or hypodermis.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Fees and Technical Corrections. Description: Increasing alcoholic beverages license fees paid to the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County; and clarifying that the holder of a gift basket license may purchase alcoholic beverages from a retail dealer.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Agriculture - Roosters - Restrictions. Description: Prohibiting, unless authorized by the Department of Agriculture, a person from keeping more than 5 roosters per acre on a single property or more than a total of 25 roosters on a single property beginning January 1, 2026, subject to certain exceptions; and authorizing the Department to work in cooperation with a local animal control or law enforcement officer to enforce the Act.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cigarettes, Other Tobacco Products, and Electronic Smoking Devices - Revisions (Tobacco Retail Modernization Act of 2024). Description: Prohibiting licensees that sell cigarettes, other tobacco products, or electronic smoking devices at retail from displaying cigarettes, other tobacco products, or electronic smoking devices for sale unless located behind a counter; requiring certain licensed retailers to verify an individual's date of birth before selling cigarettes, other tobacco products, or electronic smoking devices in a certain manner; altering the application fee for a county license to sell cigarettes or tobacco products at retail; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Curriculum Standards - Antihate and Holocaust Education (Educate to Stop the Hate Act). Description: Requiring county boards of education to establish curriculum guides and courses of study that are aligned with certain content standards developed by the State Department of Education, and requiring the State Board of Education to withhold certain funds from county boards that fail to do so; establishing certain requirements for the Department's process for developing, reviewing, and adopting certain content standards, curriculum standards, and curriculum resources; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maternal Health – Assessments, Referrals, and Reporting (Maryland Maternal Health Act of 2024). Description: Establishing requirements on certain health departments and health care providers and facilities regarding maternal health, including requirements regarding prenatal risk assessment forms and postpartum infant and maternal referral forms; requiring the Secretary of Health, in collaboration with the Maryland Health Care Commission, to develop a Maryland Report Card for Birthing Facility Maternity Care; requiring hospitals and freestanding birthing centers to participate in the Severe Maternal Morbidity Surveillance Program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Registration - Annual Surcharge. Description: Requiring the owners of zero-emission vehicles and plug-in electric drive vehicles that are not zero-emission vehicles to pay an annual surcharge of $150 and $122.50, respectively; authorizing the surcharge to be paid in installment payments; requiring the proceeds collected from the surcharge to be deposited into the Transportation Trust Fund; and requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to refuse to register or renew or transfer the registration of a motor vehicle for failure to pay the surcharge or installments.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sports Wagering - Independent Evaluation of Sports Wagering Content - Required. Description: Requiring, rather than authorizing, certain sports wagering licensees and sports wagering operators that advertise in the State to contract with certain independent evaluators to evaluate and rate the sports wagering licensee's sports wagering content, sports wagering experts, sports wagering influencers, and content partners.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Speed Monitoring Systems - Interstate 695. Description: Authorizing the State Highway Administration to place and use 16 speed monitoring systems on Interstate 695 in Baltimore County, except that only 4 may be operated at any given time; requiring that fines collected in Baltimore County as a result of violations enforced by speed monitoring systems on Interstate 695 be used to assist in covering the cost of roadway and safety improvements on Interstate 695 in Baltimore County; requiring the Department of State Police to mail a warning notice instead of a citation for a certain violation; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Information Technology - Evaluation and Development of a 3-1-1 Portal Using Artificial Intelligence. Description: Stating the intent of the General Assembly that the Department of Information Technology evaluate the feasibility of creating a 3-1-1 portal utilizing artificial intelligence and that the Department prioritize the creation of the portal if feasible.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Opioid Overdose and Opioid-Related Emergency Medical Conditions - Treatment. Description: Requiring hospitals to establish and maintain certain protocols and capacity related to the treatment of patients who are being treated for an opioid-related overdose or opioid-related emergency medical condition; requiring hospitals to make a referral for patients who are diagnosed with opioid use disorder or administered or prescribed medication for opioid use disorder to an appropriate provider to voluntarily continue treatment in the community and work with peer support professionals for a certain purpose; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture - Food Processing Residuals Utilization Permit - Establishment. Description: Establishing a food processing residuals utilization permit; prohibiting a person from utilizing food processing residuals in the State unless the person obtains a permit; requiring the Department of Agriculture to provide a certain notice and information to certain persons in a county where food processing residuals will be stored; establishing the Food Processing Residuals Administration Fund; authorizing a representative of the Department to enter and inspect any site where food processing residuals are utilized; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax – Electricity to Charge Electric Vehicles – Transportation Trust Fund. Description: Requiring the Comptroller to distribute to the Transportation Trust Fund revenue from the sales and use tax that is attributable to the sale of electricity used to charge an electric vehicle at an electric vehicle charging station or used to charge an electric vehicle and is not sold under a residential or domestic rate schedule on file with the Public Service Commission; requiring the Comptroller to determine, on or before December 31, 2024, a method of calculating certain sales and use taxes and to distribute the taxes in a certain manner; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - School Security Employees - Appropriations. Description: Authorizing local school systems to use certain funds for school security employees.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - License Extensions. Description: Extending until July 1, 2025, the expiration dates of certain alcoholic beverages licenses in Baltimore City that are issued for certain areas for certain transfer and renewal purposes under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Personnel - Maryland Department of Health - Pay Rates. Description: Increasing the number of certain bargaining units for the purpose of specifying certain pay rates for certain employees of the Maryland Department of Health; and requiring that the pay rates of certain employees of the Department who are in certain bargaining units and who work at certain facilities be equal to certain pay rates for employees who work at Clifton T. Perkins Hospital.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup for the Deaf, Deafblind, and Hard of Hearing - Established. Description: Establishing the Workgroup for the Deaf, Deafblind, and Hard of Hearing to study and make recommendations regarding certain services, programs, advocacy, outreach efforts, and other items to improve the quality of life of individuals who are deaf, deafblind, or hard of hearing; and requiring the Workgroup to submit a report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before June 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Center for School Safety - Secure Schools Emergency Response Grant Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Secure Schools Emergency Response Grant Program to be administered by the Maryland Center for School Safety to provide funds to improve emergency notification systems and communications between public elementary and secondary school personnel, a public safety answering point, and a public safety agency during emergency events; requiring the Center to ensure that the Program is operating and available to each county board on or before September 1, 2026; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education – Blind and Visually Impaired Students – Textbook Equity. Description: Establishing requirements for each county board of education regarding  provision of the instructional materials that will be used in the upcoming school year by students with individualized education programs; requiring the county board to coordinate with the Instructional Resources Center to provide instructional materials in a specialized format to blind or visually impaired students; requiring, beginning January 1, 2025, certain textbook publishers to provide an electronic file of pupil edition textbooks to a certain entity; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Emergency Services - Funding. Description: Increasing the motor vehicle registration emergency medical system surcharge to $40.00 per year for certain motor vehicles; altering certain provisions of law related to the Maryland Trauma Physician Services Fund, including provisions related to the contents and sources of the funding and the determination of eligibility for disbursements; requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2026, to include an annual appropriation of at least $16,500,000 to the Senator William H. Amoss Fire, Rescue, and Ambulance Fund; etc.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Lakes Protection and Restoration Fund - Extension. Description: Extending the termination date applicable to certain provisions relating to the purpose, use, and funding of the State Lakes Protection and Restoration Fund from June 30, 2025, to June 30, 2027.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup on Home Detention Monitoring. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Home Detention Monitoring to study and make recommendations regarding the costs and availability of both publicly and privately provided pretrial home detention monitoring systems; and requiring the Workgroup to submit a report of its findings and recommendations to the General Assembly on or before December 31 each year.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Firearm Safety and Firearm Crimes. Description: Exempting an employee of the Department of Natural Resources in the course of performing official duties from certain prohibitions against knowingly wearing, carrying, or transporting a firearm in certain locations; requiring a person or entity operating a gun buyback program to destroy a firearm, including all components and parts attached to the firearm, that is surrendered at a certain gun buyback program; classifying the theft of a firearm or the trafficking of a regulated firearm as a felony; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Diminution Credits - Sexual Offenses. Description: Prohibiting the earning of diminution credits to reduce the term of confinement of an incarcerated individual who is serving a sentence for rape in the first degree in a State or local correctional facility.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Emergency Services - Automated External Defibrillator and Naloxone Co-Location Initiative - Requirements for Public Buildings. Description: Requiring the State Emergency Medical Services Board, in collaboration with the Maryland Department of Health, to develop and implement an initiative under the Public Access Automated External Defibrillator Program to require that naloxone be co-located with each automated external defibrillator placed in a public building; establishing a certain immunity from liability for individuals who administer naloxone made available under the initiative in response to a known or suspected drug overdose; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - 46th Alcoholic Beverages District - Revisions. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a total of 10 new Class B-D-7 licenses and a total of 2 new Class A-7 licenses within a certain bounded area; providing that, in the 46th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City, a certain license may be issued and an existing license may be moved to a building that is within 300 feet of a place of worship or school under certain circumstances; prohibiting the Board from authorizing a license for a recipient of a certain State grant; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Maryland Police Officers and Probation Agents Scholarship Program - Alterations. Description: Altering the definition of an eligible institution for the Maryland Police Officers and Probation Agents Scholarship Program to include a community college in the State.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education – Blueprint for Maryland’s Future – Alterations. Description: Authorizing the State Department of Education to award funding for a new Judy Center or Family Support Center for planning and development under a certain circumstance; altering the date by which the Accountability and Implementation Board has to conduct and submit an independent evaluation to December 1, 2026; requiring a nonclassroom teacher who pursues National Board Certification to receive certain funding from the State under certain circumstances; altering requirements for the Prekindergarten Expansion Grant Program; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals and Related Institutions – Outpatient Facility Fees. Description: Altering the required contents of the written notice regarding outpatient facility fees; requiring the Maryland Health Services Cost Review Commission, in consultation with certain entities, to study and make recommendations regarding hospital outpatient facility fees; requiring the Commission to convene a workgroup on outpatient facility fees notices; and requiring the Commission to submit, on or before December 1, 2024, a report to certain committees of the General Assembly on certain recommendations.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Individual Income Tax Credit Eligibility Awareness Campaign. Description: Requiring the Comptroller to implement and administer a certain individual income tax credit eligibility awareness campaign to identify and encourage individuals to apply for certain individual income tax credits; authorizing the Comptroller to enter into a certain data sharing agreement with other State agencies to carry out the awareness campaign; and requiring, for each of fiscal years 2026 through 2030, the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $300,000 for the awareness campaign.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Annual Corrective Bill. Description: Correcting certain errors or omissions in certain articles of the Annotated Code; clarifying language; correcting certain obsolete references; reorganizing certain sections of the Annotated Code; providing that this Act is not intended to affect any law other than to correct technical errors; and providing for the correction of certain errors and obsolete provisions by the publishers of the Annotated Code.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Study on the Establishment of a Homeless Shelter Licensing Program. Description: Establishing the Study on the Establishment of a Homeless Shelter Licensing Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development; requiring the Study to review current habitability and admissions standards of homeless shelters in the State; and requiring the Study, by July 1, 2025, to report to the Assistant Secretary of the Homeless Solutions Division of the Department and certain committees of the General Assembly on its recommendations for a plan to establish a program to license homeless shelters in the State.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Deputy Clerk or Deputy Sheriff - Oath of Office. Description: Requiring that every deputy clerk or deputy sheriff in Carroll County take and sign the oath or affirmation prescribed by the Maryland Constitution.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Fish and Fisheries - Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring certain persons licensed or regulated with respect to fish and fisheries by the Department of Natural Resources to submit reports in accordance with regulations adopted by the Department.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: University System of Maryland – Academic Facilities Bonding Authority. Description: Approving certain projects for the acquisition, development, and improvement of certain academic facilities for the University System of Maryland; authorizing the issuance of bonds by the University System of Maryland for financing the projects; and providing that the bonds are not a debt or obligation of the State or any of its subdivisions.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Calvert County - Ethics - Conflict of Interest and Commissioner Expulsion. Description: Requiring the conflict of interest provisions enacted by Calvert County to include certain provisions relating to judicial relief for certain violations of the county's conflict of interest provisions; requiring the ethics provisions enacted by Calvert County to include a provision requiring the Calvert County Ethics Commission to make public any recommendation it makes to expel a Commissioner; and requiring Calvert County to enact a law or regulation that authorizes removal of a county elected official under certain circumstances.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County - Allegany Regional Recreational Economic Development Authority - Established. Description: Establishing the Allegany Regional Recreational Economic Development Authority in Allegany County to support the development and construction of regional recreation facilities to benefit residents and the economic development of Allegany County, including athletic fields, indoor athletic facilities, and other facilities for recreational tourism; and requiring the Authority to annually report its activities to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly beginning October 31, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Submerged Aquatic Vegetation Surveys. Description: Altering the definition of "aerial survey" for purposes of surveying submerged aquatic vegetation to include other surveys that encompass certain geographic areas and use certain methodologies; and requiring the Department of Natural Resources to study and report on the implications and feasibility of using alternative methods other than an aerial survey to delineate SAV protection zones on or before December 1, 2025.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Community Colleges - Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship - Requirements. Description: Establishing that applicants for a Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship are not subject to certain requirements of the scholarship application process if the applicant enrolls in a noncredit vocational certificate program, enrolls in a sequence of noncredit courses leading to licensure or certification, or participates in a registered apprenticeship program.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Assistance for Low-Income Marylanders - Funding. Description: Requiring the Comptroller, for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter, to distribute $500,000 from the remaining net abandoned property funds after certain distributions to the Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders Fund; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget, for fiscal year 2026 and each year thereafter, an appropriation of $800,000 for the CASH Campaign of Maryland to award grants for providing certain tax assistance through certain on-demand and mobile tax clinics; etc.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Clean Water Commerce Account - Contracts for the Purchase of Environmental Outcomes. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment, in entering into a certain contract under the Clean Water Commerce Account for the purchase of a certain environmental outcome, to allow certain nonuniform payment schedules for certain purposes; and authorizing the Department, in order to ensure certain outcomes, to require a minimum final payment and, for a contract award greater than $500,000, additional financial protections, including a letter of credit, insurance instrument, or performance bond.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public and Nonpublic Schools - Child Sex Offenders - Prohibition on In-Person Attendance. Description: Requiring law enforcement agencies and State's Attorneys to notify schools of certain information when a child is arrested for a sexual offense in the third degree; prohibiting a child from in-person attendance at a public school or a nonpublic school that receives State funds if the child has been convicted or adjudicated delinquent of rape or other sexual offenses; and requiring each local school system to provide alternative educational options for children prohibited from in-person attendance under the Act.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Frederick County - Scenic Byways - Signs. Description: Authorizing the State Highway Administration to issue a permit for an outdoor sign along or near a scenic byway on a federal-aid primary highway in Frederick County in conformance with federal law if the sign was erected on or before January 1, 2008, or is a directional sign for a facility that sells principally local agricultural or aquacultural products and is located within a 5-mile radius of the sign.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate Brokers - Commercial Transactions - Buyer's Rights. Description: Establishing certain requirements and prohibitions for commercial real estate transactions related to a buyer's right to make certain title, settlement, and escrow selections.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Bay Restoration Fund - Use of Funds - Municipal Wastewater Facilities - Sunset Repeal. Description: Repealing the termination date for certain provisions of law that expand the authorized uses of the Bay Restoration Fund to include certain costs associated with the connection of a property using an on-site sewage disposal system to a certain existing municipal wastewater facility.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore Regional Water Authority Governance Workgroup - Established. Description: Establishing the Baltimore Regional Water Governance Model Workgroup to study the regional water governance approach in the Baltimore region; requiring the Governor to include an appropriation of $500,000 in the annual budget bill for the Workgroup; and requiring the Workgroup to report, on or before June 30, 2027, its findings to the Mayor of Baltimore City, the County Executive of Baltimore County, the Governor, and the General Assembly.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Douglas J. J. Peters Veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq Conflicts Scholarship - Repeal of Service Terminal Date. Description: Repealing the service terminal date required to be eligible for the Douglas J. J. Peters Veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq Conflicts Scholarship.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Gwynns Falls State Park - Focus Group, Advisory Committee, and Report. Description: Requiring the Department of Natural Resources and Baltimore City to convene focus group meetings on the establishment of the Gwynns Falls State Park with community members and stakeholders that reside or operate in the vicinity of the proposed State park; requiring the Department and Baltimore City to establish a stakeholder advisory committee; and requiring the Department to submit a report to the General Assembly by December 1, 2025, on properties suitable for inclusion in the State park and certain funding requirements.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - College Athletic Event Venue Concessionaire Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Establishing a Class B-CAEVC (College Athletic Event Venue Concessionaire) beer, wine, and liquor license in Prince George's County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners of Prince George's County to issue the license to a certain concessionaire; authorizing beer, wine, and liquor purchased under the license to be consumed in certain areas; and providing for the hours and days of sale and an annual license fee of $3,500 to be paid to the Board on or before May 1.
In 2024, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Howard County Task Force to Study Revenue Options for School Capital Needs Ho. Co. 18-24. Description: Establishing the Howard County Task Force to Study Revenue Options for School Capital Needs to identify capital needs of Howard County Public Schools and study options for closing any identified funding gaps through 2035; requiring the Howard County Council to submit a resolution to the Howard County Delegation to the General Assembly if the county council makes a certain determination; and requiring the Task Force to report its recommendations to certain county officials and the Howard County Delegation on or before October 31, 2024.
In 2024, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Protecting Opportunities and Regional Trade (PORT) Act. Description: Establishing the Fallen Transportation Workers Scholarship Program and the Fallen Transportation Workers Scholarship Fund to provide tuition assistance to a student who was a dependent or is the surviving spouse of a fallen transportation worker; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor and the Department of Commerce to establish programs to assist individuals and certain entities impacted by the reduced operations of the Port of Baltimore; authorizing the Secretary of Labor to alter certain unemployment eligibility requirements; etc.
In 2024, Maryland enrolled a bill titled: Affirming the Federal Equal Rights Amendment. Description: Urging the Administration of President Joseph R. Biden to publish, without delay, the federal Equal Rights Amendment as the 28th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and for the U.S. Congress to pass a joint resolution affirming the Equal Rights Amendment as the 28th Amendment.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Food System Resiliency Council. Description: Establishing that the Maryland Food System Resiliency Council is in the Office of Resilience in the Maryland Department of Emergency Management; and altering the process for electing a cochair of the Council.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Civil Actions - Child Sexual Abuse - Definition, Damages, and Statute of Limitations (The Child Victims Act of 2023). Description: Altering the definition of "sexual abuse" for purposes relating to civil actions for child sexual abuse to include any act that involves an adult allowing or encouraging a child to engage in certain activities; establishing certain limitations on damages that may be awarded under the Act; repealing the statute of limitations in certain civil actions relating to child sexual abuse; repealing a statute of repose for certain civil actions relating to child sexual abuse; providing for the retroactive application of the Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Union Dues. Description: Allowing a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for certain union dues paid during the taxable year; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland State Police Gun Center – Firearms Surrendered Under Final Protective Orders. Description: Altering the purpose of the Maryland State Police Gun Center to include the tracking, screening, and vetting of all firearms surrendered under final protective orders in the State; and requiring each law enforcement agency to report to the Center the number and type of firearms surrendered, the jurisdictions where the firearms were surrendered, and certain information regarding the individual who surrendered each firearm under final protective orders.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Sexual Crimes - Repeal of Spousal Defense. Description: Repealing a certain prohibition on prosecuting a person for rape or a certain sexual offense against a victim who was the person's legal spouse at the time of the alleged rape or sexual offense.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of General Services - Energy-Conserving Standards (Maryland Sustainable Buildings Act of 2023). Description: Requiring the Department of General Services to establish and periodically update standards for State buildings to conserve energy and minimize adverse impacts on birds; requiring the Maryland Green Building Council to include the standards in certain requirements established for the Maryland High Performance Green Building Program; defining "State building" as one acquired, constructed, or renovated by the State or one for which 50% of the money for acquisition, construction, or renovation came from State funds; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Equity in Transportation Sector - Guidelines and Analyses. Description: Requiring that equity be considered when State transportation plans, reports, and goals are developed; altering the membership of the advisory committee on State transportation goals; requiring the Maryland Department of Transportation to conduct transit equity analyses, cost-benefit analyses, and consult with certain communities before announcing or proposing any major service change or any reduction or cancellation of a certain capital expansion project in the construction program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Officers’ Retirement System – Talbot County. Description: Requiring membership in the Correctional Officers' Retirement System for certain local detention center officers of Talbot County in the event Talbot County becomes a participating governmental unit in the Correctional Officers' Retirement System; and providing that certain local detention center officers who join the Correctional Officers' Retirement System and receive certain service credit shall no longer be members of the Employees' Pension System and shall have no further rights to any benefit in the Employees' Pension System.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Private Well Safety Act of 2023. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to adopt regulations by December 31, 2026, to identify additional standards for water quality testing; requiring the Department, subject to certain funding and in consultation with the Department of Information Technology, to utilize an online portal to receive and upload certain information and to provide public access to the information; requiring the Department of the Environment to consistently share the information collected with the Maryland Department of Health and local health departments; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Equitable and Inclusive Transit-Oriented Development Enhancement Act. Description: Repealing the authority of the Secretary of Transportation to designate transit-oriented development; establishing the Transit-Oriented Development Capital Grant and Revolving Loan Fund to promote the equitable and inclusive development of transit-oriented developments; authorizing the Department of Transportation to use the Fund to provide financial assistance to local jurisdictions; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an amount sufficient to ensure a Fund balance of at least $5,000,000; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hate Crimes – Civil Remedy. Description: Providing that a person who is the victim of an act that would constitute a violation of certain hate crime laws may bring a civil action against the person or persons who committed the act in a court of competent jurisdiction; and authorizing the court to impose an injunction and award certain economic and noneconomic damages.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Grounds for Divorce. Description: Repealing the authority of the court to decree a limited divorce; and altering certain grounds for an absolute divorce.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Primary and Secondary Education – Title IX – Notice (Hear Our Voices Act). Description: Requiring each public school to provide information to students, faculty, staff, and parents regarding who serves as the Title IX coordinator for the school, the process in place for filing a sexual misconduct complaint, and the support measures that are in place for filing a sexual misconduct complaint and how to access the support measures.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland General and Limited Power of Attorney Act - Alterations. Description: Altering a certain statutory form for a general power of attorney by including certain provisions informing the principal and agent of certain matters, granting general authority with respect to tangible personal property and trusts and estates, authorizing the principal to grant the agent certain specific powers relating to successor agents, compensation, gifts, or transfers and opening joint accounts and beneficiary designations, and clarifying the force and effect of the form; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners of Psychologists - License and Registration Issuance and Renewals - Electronic Means. Description: Requiring the State Board of Examiners of Psychologists to issue electronic licenses and registrations, except under certain circumstances; requiring the Board, on an applicant's request, to print a paper copy of the verification of licensure or registration and send it by first-class mail to the address on the application; repealing the requirement that the Board include certain information on each license and registration; and requiring the Board to send renewal notices by first-class mail under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Horse Riding – Helmet Requirement for Minors. Description: Prohibiting an adult from allowing certain minors to ride a horse, donkey, mule, or pony on a highway, a public horse-riding path, or the grounds of a facility for which the primary purpose is recreational, educational, or competitive equestrian activities unless the minor is wearing a properly secured helmet that meets or exceeds the standards of the American Society of Testing and Materials for protective headgear used in equestrian riding.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Tax Sales - Notices and Payoff Amount for Redemption. Description: Requiring that the holder of a certificate of sale include the e-mail address of certain persons in certain notices required to be sent to certain persons with an interest in a property that is sold at a tax sale; authorizing certain persons with an interest in owner-occupied property sold at a tax sale to request the current payoff amount to redeem the property; providing that the payoff amount to redeem the property provided by the holder of the certificate to the owner of the property is valid for 30 days; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mobile and Manufactured Homes - Relocation Plans and Sales of Communities (Manufactured Housing Modernization Act of 2023). Description: Altering requirements relating to relocation plans for mobile home parks to require a plan for park residents who will be dislocated as a result of the change in land use; requiring the owner, 60 days prior to entering into a contract to sell the community, to provide notice of the terms of the offer to homeowners in the community and provide them the opportunity to purchase the housing community; requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to list certain agencies to assist homeowners with the purchase of a community; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Psychologists - Licensure Qualification. Description: Requiring an individual, in order to be licensed as a psychologist by the State Board of Examiners of Psychologists, to have a doctoral degree in psychology from a certain school or university, to have received a postdoctoral respecialization certificate from a certain department of psychology that included a minimum of 1,750 hours in supervised internship, and to have completed at least 1,500 hours postcertification advanced training hours or precertification hours of service as a registered psychology associate; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Consumer Protection Act - Floral Wire Services. Description: Requiring a floral wire service to disclose to a customer when the customer is buying from a floral wire service and not directly from a local florist; providing that a violation of the Act constitutes an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - On-Site Wastewater Services - Board, Fees, and Penalties. Description: Altering the composition of the State Board of On-Site Wastewater Professionals; clarifying and altering the distribution of certain fees and penalties; and clarifying the application of certain license requirements and penalties.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Failure to Pay Rent Proceedings - Prohibition on Rent Increases and Shielding of Court Records. Description: Prohibiting a landlord from increasing a tenant's rent because a judgment was entered against the tenant in a failure to pay rent action; requiring the District Court to shield all court records within 60 days after the final resolution of a failure to pay rent proceeding under certain circumstances; requiring the District Court to shield all court records relating to a failure to pay rent proceeding, on motion by a tenant, under certain circumstances; requiring the Maryland Judiciary to publish a certain form; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property – Actions to Repossess – Proof of Rental Licensure. Description: Requiring, in certain actions to repossess residential rental property, a landlord to submit to the clerk of the court evidence of compliance with local rental property licensure requirements and demonstrate that the landlord is compliant with the licensure requirements.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Consumer Protection - Telephone Solicitation (Stop the Spam Calls Act of 2023). Description: Prohibiting a person from making certain telephone solicitations to a certain called party in a certain manner by restricting the methods, times, and identifying information that the person making the call may utilize; providing that the Act does not apply to certain entities and circumstances; and making a violation of the Act an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice that is subject to enforcement and penalties under the Maryland Consumer Protection Act.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Corporate Income Tax Returns of Publicly Traded Corporations - Reporting Requirement. Description: Requiring the Comptroller to submit to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 31, 2023, and each December 31 thereafter a report that identifies for the immediately preceding taxable year the number of publicly traded corporations conducting a trade or business in another state that are required to file an income tax return under the Act and the number of publicly traded corporations identified as part of the report that paid no amount of State income tax.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Judgments - Exemptions From Execution. Description: Exempting up to $500 in a deposit account or other accounts of a judgment debtor held by a depository institution from execution on the judgment without an election by the debtor to exempt the money; establishing procedures a depository institution is required to follow on receipt of a writ of garnishment or other levy or attachment under certain circumstances; establishing a $6,000 limit on the cumulative value of property and cash that may be exempted; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Tax Sales - Payment of Balance After Foreclosure. Description: Requiring each county to establish a process for a person entitled to  any balance over the amount required for the payment of taxes, interest, penalties, and costs of sale to claim the balance after a tax sale foreclosure; and requiring the collector of taxes for a county to notify the prior property owner, within 90 days after delivering a deed to a purchaser, of the amount of a certain balance and the process for claiming the balance.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program – Collaborative Care Model Services – Implementation and Reimbursement Expansion. Description: Repealing the Collaborative Care Pilot Program; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to expand access to and provide reimbursement for services provided in accordance with the Collaborative Care Model under the Maryland Medical Assistance Program.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Action to Collect a Private Education Loan - Required Documents. Description: Prohibiting private education lenders and private education loan collectors from initiating a certain action unless the private education lenders or private education loan collectors possess and enter into evidence certain documents; requiring a private education loan collector to provide certain information to a student loan borrower in a certain manner and on the request of the borrower; authorizing a person that suffers damage from a creditor's failure to comply with the Act to bring an action against the creditor; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Transportation - Grant Anticipation Revenue Vehicle Bonds and Grant Anticipation Notes (State and Federal Transportation Funding Act). Description: Repealing a requirement that the Capital Debt Affordability Committee include certain debt that is secured by future federal aid within its review of State tax supported debt; altering the calculation of the maximum amount of debt secured by future federal aid that the Department of Transportation may issue; providing that the maximum amount of debt that may be issued is calculated as of June 30; altering the maximum term of certain bonds that are secured by a pledge of future federal aid; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Condominiums - Sales Contracts - Asbestos Disclosure. Description: Establishing the unenforceability of contracts for the sale of condominium units that do not contain certain notice relating to the presence of asbestos.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Maryland Statewide Independent Living Council. Description: Codifying the Maryland Statewide Independent Living Council as an instrumentality of the State to submit, monitor, implement, and evaluate the State Plan under the federal Rehabilitation Act in conjunction with Centers for Independent Living in the State; and requiring the Attorney General to be the legal advisor to the Council.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax – Tax Sales – Requirement to Sell. Description: Repealing certain limitations on the authority of certain local governments to set the time by which a property with taxes in arrears must be sold by the tax collector.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Open Meetings Act - State Ethics Commission (Maryland State Agency Transparency Act of 2023). Description: Establishing enhanced requirements under the Open Meetings Act for the State Ethics Commission; and requiring the Department of Information Technology to provide technical staff, support, and equipment necessary to livestream the open meetings of the State Ethics Commission.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Land Use - Public Service Companies - Pollinator-Friendly Vegetation Management and Utility-Designated Pollinator Areas. Description: Prohibiting local jurisdictions from imposing any unreasonable limitations, including land use restrictions, on utility-designated pollinator areas maintained by a public service company under certain conditions; requiring certain public service companies to mow utility designated pollinator areas in a manner which minimizes disturbances to habitats; stating the intent of the General Assembly related to State and local laws regarding weed control and vegetation management by public service companies outside of pollinator areas; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Certified Local Farm and Fish Program - Establishment. Description: Altering the Certified Local Farm Enterprise Program to be the Certified Local Farm and Fish Program; expanding the purpose of the Program to include food from certified Chesapeake invasive species providers in the overall percentage goal of 20% of the unit's total dollar value for certain procurement contracts; and altering the Certified Local Farm Enterprise Food Aggregation Grant Fund to be the Certified Local Farm and Fish Food Aggregation Grant Fund.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Public Libraries - Collective Bargaining. Description: Authorizing employees of public libraries to form, join, and participate in an employee organization and engage in certain other activities related to collective bargaining; requiring employers and certified exclusive representatives to engage in good faith bargaining; establishing a collective bargaining process for employees of public libraries; prohibiting employers and employee organizations from engaging in certain actions regarding the exercise of an employee's rights under the Act; applying the Act prospectively; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Circuit Courts and District Court - Dishonored Checks - Service Charges. Description: Increasing the amount of the service charge from $10 to $30 that may be imposed by a circuit court or the District Court for a dishonored check.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Safe Access for All (SAFE) Roads Act of 2023. Description: Requiring the Department of Transportation to implement all possible incremental near-term safety improvements as soon as practicable if a new approved pedestrian or bicycle safety construction or improvement project is projected to take more than 12 months to complete.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - School Vehicle Drivers - Medical Examinations. Description: Requiring a school vehicle driver to pass an appropriate medical examination before employment and once during each 2 years of employment.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Charitable Organizations. Description: Altering the definition of "charitable contribution" to exclude an authorization for or a discount on the use of certain services or materials, equipment, or facilities for purposes of provisions of law regulating charitable organizations and charitable representatives; authorizing the Maryland Secretary of State to accept certain documentation in place of an audit or review in connection with a charitable organization's registration statement; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - Anaphylactic Food Allergies - Guidelines. Description: Requiring each county board of education, before the start of the 2024-2025 school year, to adopt, implement, and publish guidelines in accordance with the State school health service guidelines to reduce the risk of exposure to anaphylactic major food allergens in classrooms and common areas; requiring each public school to develop a system to disclose the major food allergens contained in the foods served in the school; requiring each county board to make a good faith effort to adopt certain guidelines; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Class 4 Limited Winery License - Food Service. Description: Authorizing the holder of a Class 4 limited winery license to prepare, sell, or serve any food under certain conditions; altering certain requirements for off-premises and on-premises consumption at a limited winery; and removing the 14-day notice requirement for planned promotional events at a limited winery.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Tax Sales - Redemption. Description: Requiring a tax collector to make certain attempts to contact a certain plaintiff or holder of a certificate of sale regarding certain expenses; and authorizing a collector to redeem certain property without a certain satisfaction letter if a plaintiff or holder of a certificate of sale fails to respond within 5 days after certain attempts by the collector to make contact.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Nonprofit Development Center Program - Nonprofit, Interest-Free, Micro Bridge Loan (NIMBL) Account - Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill for fiscal year 2024 or fiscal year 2025 an appropriation of $1,000,000 to the Maryland Nonprofit Development Center Program Fund to be used for loans under the Nonprofit, Interest-Free, Micro Bridge Loan (NIMBL) Account; and repealing a requirement that 5% of the proceeds from video lottery terminals go to the NIMBL Account.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Disclosure of Tax Information – Maryland Small Business Retirement Savings Board – Authorization. Description: Authorizing, subject to certain limitations, the disclosure of a business entity's federal employer identification number, name, physical address, mailing address, contact name, e-mail address, and phone number to the Maryland Small Business Retirement Savings Board and its authorized contractors for the purposes of administering the Maryland Small Business Retirement Savings Program and Trust.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Government - Regulatory Powers - Regulation of Invasive Bamboo. Description: Authorizing the governing bodies of counties and municipalities to adopt ordinances to regulate invasive bamboo, including by prohibiting a person from selling, planting, and allowing invasive bamboo to grow on the property of the person without proper upkeep and appropriate containment measures.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Ground Leases - Collection of Rent, Interest, Fees, and Other Expenses - Registration Requirements. Description: Establishing that ground leases or amendments that are not posted on the State Department of Assessments and Taxation's website are not considered registered or amended; prohibiting a ground lease holder from collecting or attempting to collect rent, late fees, interest, collection costs, and other expenses related to a ground lease unless the ground lease is registered with the Department; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Ground Leases - Redemption and Extinguishment - Requirements. Description: Repealing the prohibition against a tenant who is seeking to redeem or extinguish ground rent providing certain documentation and payments to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation earlier than 90 days after an application for redemption or extinguishment has been posted on the Department's website.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Expungement of Records (REDEEM Act of 2023). Description: Providing that any unpaid court fees or costs are not a bar to a certain expungement; requiring a court to waive any court fees and costs associated with the charge being expunged when ordering or effecting a certain expungement; adding malicious destruction of property to the list of misdemeanor convictions that may be expunged; and altering the waiting periods applicable to the filing of petitions for expungement of convictions of certain crimes.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums - Mandatory Insurance Coverage - Alterations. Description: Altering the types of elements and units for which a council of unit owners is required to maintain certain property insurance and altering certain requirements for the property insurance policy; and requiring owners of detached units to carry homeowners insurance on the entirety of the unit.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Condominiums - Common Elements - Clean Energy Equipment. Description: Authorizing certain governing bodies of a condominium to grant leases in excess of 1 year or similar interests affecting the common elements of the condominium for the installation and use of leased clean energy equipment; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Actions for Possession - Pet Protections. Description: Requiring the Department of Agriculture to publish a fact sheet on the protection of pets in the event of an eviction or any other loss of possession of real property; requiring a landlord to provide a link to the fact sheet on the Department's website at the execution of a lease on or after November 1, 2023; requiring the Maryland Judiciary to provide a link to the fact sheet at certain times; requiring a sheriff or any other official to return a pet to a tenant or certain other person or to contact an animal shelter or rescue organization; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Social Work Examiners - Temporary License to Practice Social Work. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Social Work Examiners to issue a temporary license to practice social work to an applicant who, except for passing a required examination, has met the education and experience requirements, if the required examination was unavailable to the applicant for a period of at least 15 business days; providing that a temporary license is valid until 180 days after the examination becomes available; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Municipalities - Charter Amendments - Notice. Description: Modifying the manner in which the chief executive officer of a municipality may fulfill certain notice requirements concerning proposed municipal charter amendments; and requiring the municipality to maintain certain records or receipts and make the records or receipts available to the public.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Condominiums and Homeowners Associations - Governing Bodies and Annual Meetings. Description: Requiring that unit owners or lot owners have an opportunity to comment during certain meetings convened by the board of directors, the developer, or the declarant of a condominium or a homeowners association; requiring the developer of a condominium to appoint a unit owner, not otherwise affiliated with the developer, to the board within 30 days after the date on which units representing 25% of the votes have been conveyed by the developer to members of the public for residential purposes; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force on Recycling Policy and Recycling and Waste Systems in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Recycling Policy and Recycling and Waste Systems in Maryland to review the Maryland Recycling Act, study the recycling and waste systems in Maryland, and make recommendations on updating the Maryland Recycling Act and implementing regional recycling and waste disposal facilities; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly by June 30, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program, Maryland Children's Health Program, and Workgroup on Low-Income Utility Assistance. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to establish an Express Lane Eligibility Program by January 1, 2025, to enroll individuals, based on certain eligibility, in the Maryland Medical Assistance Program and the Maryland Children's Health Program; and requiring the Workgroup on Low-Income Utility Assistance to submit a final report to certain committees of the General Assembly by January 1, 2024, of its findings and recommendations, including recommended legislative and regulatory changes.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Worcester County - Alcoholic Beverages - Ocean City Promoter's License. Description: Establishing an Ocean City promoter's license in Worcester County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Worcester County to issue the license to a for-profit organization to sell and serve beer, wine, and liquor at an entertainment event that is held on premises located within the corporate limits of the Town of Ocean City, owned by the Town of Ocean City, and approved in writing by the Ocean City Police Department; and authorizing a license fee of $5,000 per entertainment event.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Trustees of the Walters Art Gallery - Collective Bargaining. Description: Applying certain laws regarding labor relations and collective bargaining to the Board of Trustees of the Walters Art Gallery and employees of the Trustees of the Walters Art Gallery; establishing a bargaining unit for certain employees of the Art Gallery; requiring the Labor Commissioner of Baltimore City to certify an employee organization as the exclusive representative of the bargaining unit under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Ground Leases – Notices and Billing – Forms and Requirements. Description: Prohibiting a leasehold tenant of an unregistered ground lease from being required to hold more than 3 years of ground rent in escrow; requiring a ground lease holder to mail certain notices or bills to a leasehold tenant in a certain manner under certain circumstances; requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to make available on its website the form a ground lease holder must use to provide a leasehold tenant bills or notices; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: County Boards of Education - Curriculum Guides and Courses of Study - Requirements. Description: Requiring each county board of education to follow the policy and guidelines for program instruction for public schools established by the State Board of Education; requiring the Superintendent to notify a county board if it is determined that the county board is not following every element of the policy and guidelines; authorizing the Superintendent to withhold 10% of the funds budgeted for the county board if the board fails to resolve any discrepancy identified by the Superintendent within 30 days; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health - Treatment Plans for Individuals in Facilities and Resident Grievance System. Description: Requiring a treatment plan for an individual with a mental disorder admitted to a certain health care facility to include a discharge goal and an estimate of the probable length of the inpatient stay before the individual can be transferred to a certain setting; requiring certain facility staff to review and reassess a plan of treatment within certain time periods; requiring the Department of Health to report annually to the General Assembly on the Resident Grievance System and the grievances received related to State facilities; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification for Adoption Expenses - Alterations. Description: Altering eligibility for and the amount of a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for a taxpayer who adopts a child during the taxable year.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – HOV Lanes – Plug–In Electric Drive Vehicles. Description: Authorizing certain plug-in electric drive vehicles for which a permit has been issued by the Motor Vehicle Administration to use high occupancy vehicle (HOV) lanes regardless of the number of passengers in the vehicles; requiring the Administration to charge a fee, not to exceed $20, for issuing the permit; and requiring, on or before January 1 each year, a report to be submitted to the Governor and the General Assembly on the effect of the use of the plug-in electric drive vehicle permits on the operation of HOV lanes.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mandated Reports - Revisions. Description: Modifying certain reporting requirements for practicability and efficiency; and repealing certain reporting requirements that are unnecessary, obsolete, duplicative, or inefficient.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Visual Surveillance With Prurient Intent - Private Place and Minor Victim. Description: Prohibiting a person from conducting visual surveillance with prurient intent of an individual located in a residence or place of private use or accommodation without the consent of the individual; altering the penalties for the crime of visual surveillance with prurient intent by use of a camera if the victim was a minor at the time of the offense and the offender is at least 4 years older than the victim; and providing penalties for a violation of the Act of imprisonment of up to 5 years or a fine of $2,500 or both.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: District Court - Small Claims - Enforcement of Money Judgments. Description: Prohibiting the District Court, in aid of enforcement or execution of a money judgment resulting from a certain small claim action, from ordering the appearance of an individual for an examination or ordering an individual to answer interrogatories.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Private Passenger Motor Vehicle Liability Insurance - Enhanced Underinsured Motorist Coverage - Opt-Out Option. Description: Converting enhanced underinsured motorist coverage from an opt-in offering of coverage into an opt-out coverage option under provisions of law establishing requirements for private passenger motor vehicle liability insurance; requiring the Maryland Insurance Administration to conduct a study on the impact of converting enhanced underinsured motorist coverage to an opt-out coverage option and report its findings to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly by December 31, 2026, and December 31, 2028; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation. Description: Altering the conditions under which a lawsuit is considered a strategic lawsuit against public participation (SLAPP suit); altering the conditions under which a defendant in a SLAPP suit is not civilly liable for certain communications; establishing certain standards and requirements relating to a motion to dismiss an alleged SLAPP suit; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Foreign Manufacture of Election Systems - Notification and Termination of Contract. Description: Prohibiting the State Board of Elections from approving a contract with an election service provider unless the contract includes a clause requiring the election service provider to report to the State Administrator of Elections if any stage in the manufacturing of a component of the provider's election system occurred outside the United States or if any material change to a component in any stage in the manufacturing of an election system occurred outside the United States; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Unnatural or Perverted Sexual Practice – Repeal. Description: Repealing the crime of unnatural or perverted sexual practice.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Heating, Ventilation, Air-Conditioning, and Refrigeration Services - Journeyman License - Qualifications. Description: Altering certain qualifications for a journeyman license to provide heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, and refrigeration services to require having held an apprentice license for 4 rather than 3 years and having completed at least 6,000 rather than 1,875 hours of training under the direction and control of a licensed contractor.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Transfer Tax - Sunset Extension. Description: Extending to October 1, 2028, the authority of the County Commissioners of St. Mary's County to impose a transfer tax on certain instruments of writing.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Controlled Dangerous Substances and Firearms. Description: Specifying that manufacturing, distributing, dispensing, or possessing certain large quantities of certain controlled dangerous substances is a felony; authorizing a certain person serving a certain term of confinement for an offense relating to volume dealing in cocaine base or cannabis or a drug kingpin with regard to cocaine base or cannabis imposed on or before a certain date to file a certain motion to modify or reduce the sentence under certain circumstances; altering the penalties for certain crimes related to firearms; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Civil Actions - Civil Immunity - Educator Intervention. Description: Providing that a staff member of a school, acting in an official capacity, is not civilly liable for personal injury or property damage resulting from intervention in a student altercation or other student disturbance if the staff member intervened in a reasonably prudent manner and the actions taken do not constitute grossly negligent, willful, wanton, or intentionally tortious conduct.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Study on Statewide 2-1-1 and 3-1-1 Systems. Description: Requiring the Department of Legislative Services to conduct a study on the implementation of a statewide 3-1-1 system to provide individuals with nonemergency government services, resources, and information, both as a standalone system and as part of a merged system with the statewide 2-1-1 system; and requiring the Department to report its findings and recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Recovery of Benefits - Limitation and Methods. Description: Limiting the percentage of the weekly benefits amount that the Secretary of Labor may deduct from weekly benefits payable to a claimant to recover certain overpayments of unemployment insurance benefits to 50% of the weekly benefit or 25% if the benefit is less than $100; and clarifying the circumstances under which the Secretary may use certain methods to recover overpayments of unemployment insurance benefits.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government – Commission on LGBTQIA+ Affairs – Alterations. Description: Renaming the Commission on LGBTQ Affairs to be the Commission on LGBTQIA+ Affairs; increasing the number of members of the Commission from 15 to 21; altering certain qualifications for members appointed to the Commission; staggering the terms of Commission members; and altering the duties of the Commission.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate Brokers - Inactive Licenses - Requirements After Expiration. Description: Requiring a person who fails to reactivate a real estate broker license on inactive status within 3 years to comply with specified requirements to obtain a license.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission - Police Officer Certification - Eligibility. Description: Altering the eligibility requirements for an individual to be certified by the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission as a police officer to remove a certain requirement for an individual who is a permanent legal resident of the United States and an honorably discharged veteran; and providing that an individual who is a permanent legal resident and honorably discharged veteran or current member of the Army National Guard, the Air National Guard, or a reserve component is eligible to be certified as a police officer.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County - Alcoholic Beverages - Public Hearing Ho. Co. 13-23. Description: Exempting applications for changing certain resident agents from the requirement that the Board of License Commissioners for Howard County hold a public hearing on the applications; and authorizing the Board to hold a public hearing on certain applications if the Board determines there is good cause for the hearing.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Electricians Act - Revisions. Description: Altering the entity that must administer or approve an apprenticeship program for electricians; substituting the term "uninsured" for the term "inactive" in certain provisions of law relating to liability insurance requirements for certain electricians; prohibiting a certain electrician from contracting to provide electrical services unless the electrical work is covered by certain liability insurance; specifying who is authorized and required to purchase certain insurance; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Adaptive Reuse. Description: Establishing that adaptive reuse, retrofitting, and repurposing of existing buildings to develop new affordable multifamily housing is an eligible use of certain financial assistance provided by the Department of Housing and Community Development; requiring the Department to notify applicants for certain financial assistance that adaptive reuse is an eligible use of funds; and providing that the notice requirement does not apply to individuals applying for loans from the Department that are not focused on housing.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Residential Leases - Notification of Rent Increases. Description: Prohibiting a landlord from including a certain term in a lease pertaining to electronic delivery of the notice of a rent increase; requiring a landlord to notify a tenant in writing before increasing the tenant's rent through first-class mail or, if elected by the tenant, electronic delivery; requiring a county or municipality that adopts a certain local law related to limitations on rent increases to report annually certain information on building permits issued for multifamily dwellings intended as rental housing; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture - Urban Agriculture Grant Programs - Alterations. Description: Altering the purpose and contents of and the requirements and qualifications under the Urban Agriculture Grant Fund; requiring the Governor, in each of fiscal years 2025 through 2029, to include at least $100,000 for the Fund in the annual budget bill; establishing the Urban Agriculture Advisory Committee to recommend guidelines, policies, and practices for the implementation of the Grant Program; and requiring the Advisory Committee to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City Board of School Commissioners - Student Members and Task Force to Study Compensation and Student Members. Description: Altering the voting rights of and the process for selecting a student member of the Baltimore City Board of School Commissioners; prohibiting the student member from voting on matters before the board relating to personnel and collective bargaining decisions; establishing the Task Force to Study Compensation and Student Members of the Baltimore City Board of School Commissioners; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by April 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Residency Requirements Ho. Co. 11-23. Description: Providing that a resident of the State meets certain residency requirements for an applicant for an alcoholic beverages license in Howard County.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Warrantless Arrest - Straw Purchase Participant. Description: Adding the crime of knowingly being a participant in a straw purchase of a regulated firearm to the list of crimes subject to warrantless arrest; and providing a penalty on conviction of imprisonment not to exceed 10 years or a fine of up to $25,000 or both.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Northeast Maryland Waste Disposal Authority - Evaluation, Termination of Bond Authority, and Assumption of Functions, Employees, and Contracts (Northeast Maryland Waste Disposal Authority Sunset Act). Description: Prohibiting the Northeast Maryland Waste Disposal Authority from issuing bonds beginning June 1, 2023; requiring the Department of Legislative Services to evaluate the Authority providing enough detail for the General Assembly to determine whether the Authority should continue in its current form; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Firearms - Maryland Voluntary Do Not Sell Firearm Registry - Establishment. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to create and maintain a Maryland Voluntary Do Not Sell Firearm Registry in which a person may voluntarily enroll for the purpose of being prohibited from obtaining a firearm; prohibiting a dealer or other person from selling, renting, loaning, or transferring a firearm to a purchaser, lessee, borrower, or transferee who the dealer or other person knows or has reason to believe is registered on the registry; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System - Crisfield Police Department. Description: Requiring membership in the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System for certain local law enforcement officers of the Crisfield Police Department under certain circumstances; providing that a certain individual is entitled to eligibility service and creditable service that was earned before the effective date of the Crisfield Police Department's participation in the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System; providing for the transfer of creditable service for a certain individual; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sexual Offenses - Crime of Violence and Lifetime Supervision. Description: Altering the list of crimes included within a certain definition of "crime of violence" to include sexual abuse of a minor if the offender is at least 21 years old and the victim is under the age of 16 years; and requiring a sentence for certain persons convicted of certain sexual abuse crimes to include a term of lifetime sexual offender supervision.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workgroup to Study Community Association Standing in Nuisance Actions in Baltimore County. Description: Establishing the Workgroup to Study Community Association Standing in Nuisance Actions in Baltimore County to examine the current process by which a community association in Baltimore County may seek injunctive and other equitable relief for abatement of a nuisance; requiring the Workgroup to make recommendations designed to facilitate the social welfare and general enhancement of the communities served by the community associations; requiring the Workgroup to report to the Baltimore County Delegation by January 1, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Energy Efficiency and Conservation Programs - Energy Performance Targets and Low-Income Housing. Description: Requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to procure or provide for electricity customers energy efficiency and conservation programs and services designed to achieve certain target annual incremental gross energy savings for the 2024-2026 program cycle; establishing the Green and Healthy Task Force to develop policy and statutory recommendations to eliminate barriers to low-income households achieving, energy-efficient, affordable, and low-emissions housing; requiring an annual report beginning July 1, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Licensed Athletic Trainers - Dry Needling Approval. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Physicians to approve licensed athletic trainers to perform dry needling, a certain type of intramuscular manual therapy involving the insertion of one or more solid needles into the muscle and related tissues to effect change in the muscle and related tissues, as a specialized task; requiring 80 hours of instruction in a certain continuing education course, including 40 hours of practical, hands-on instruction under the guidance of a certain licensed health care practitioner; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Drug Paraphernalia for Administration - Decriminalization. Description: Repealing the prohibition against a person using or possessing with intent to use, delivering or selling under certain circumstances, or manufacturing or possessing with intent to deliver or sell under certain circumstances drug paraphernalia to inject, ingest, inhale, or otherwise introduce into the human body a controlled dangerous substance; altering a prohibition against a person possessing or distributing controlled paraphernalia under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victims of Sexually Assaultive Behavior. Description: Requiring a certain assistant State's Attorney with knowledge of the case to meet with a victim of sexually assaultive behavior or the victim's representative within 20 days after receiving a request from the victim regarding a decision by the Office of the State's Attorney  not to file a charging document or to dismiss charges against an alleged suspect; requiring the assistant State's Attorney, at the meeting, to explain the justification for a certain decision; and establishing certain requirements for the meeting.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County Board of Education - Student Member - Voting and Training. Description: Authorizing the student member of the Baltimore County Board of Education to vote on capital and operating budget matters; requiring certain members of the county board and the executive leadership of the Baltimore County public school system to develop a certain draft curriculum for budget training for student members of the county board and submit the draft curriculum to the county board for review; and requiring each student member of the board to complete the budget training within 2 months of the student's election to the board.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Designations – State Spirit – Maryland Rye. Description: Designating Maryland Rye or Maryland Rye Whiskey as the State spirit.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Estate Tax - Portability - Time Period for Election. Description: Altering the period of time within which a person is required to file a Maryland estate tax return for the purpose of allowing a surviving spouse to take into account the deceased spousal unused exclusion amount to be consistent with the time for making a federal election; and applying the Act retroactively to any decedents dying on or after January 1, 2019.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Unlawfully Restrictive Covenants - Modification by Counties or Municipalities. Description: Authorizing a county or municipality to execute and record a restrictive covenant modification to an unlawfully restrictive covenant for a property within the boundaries of the county or municipality after providing persons with an ownership interest in the property with 30 days' written notice; and providing that persons with an ownership interest in property that is subject to an unlawfully restrictive covenant may decline action by a county or municipality to execute and record a restrictive covenant modification.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Personnel - Education and Transportation - Grievance Procedures. Description: Authorizing a certain employee or certain exclusive representative to initiate a grievance procedure under certain provisions of law; requiring certain decision makers in a grievance procedure in certain higher education systems to award certain damages under certain circumstances; requiring certain employee grievance procedures to include certain redress for certain violations; requiring the Secretary of Transportation to be consistent with certain provisions of law and include redress for certain violations; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Nonpublic Schools and Child Care Providers - Corporal Punishment - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting the State Board of Education from issuing a certificate of approval to noncollegiate educational institutions that do not have a policy prohibiting the administration of corporal punishment; requiring regulations adopted by the State Board for the registration of family child care homes and large family child care homes and the licensing and operation of child care centers to prohibit corporal punishment; and requiring the State Board to identify certain methods in a certain overall plan.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Victim Services Programs – Supplementing Federal Funding and Support (Victim Services Stabilization Act). Description: Providing for the stable funding and support of trauma-informed, high-quality programs and services for victims of crime; requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to help support certain programs providing services for victims of crime; requiring the Office to consult with certain individuals and organizations regarding the allocation of certain funding; and requiring the Governor to include certain funding in the State budget.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Wildlife Advisory Commission - Membership. Description: Increasing the membership of the Wildlife Advisory Commission; requiring the Governor to appoint a member to the Wildlife Advisory Commission who is an academic researcher with expertise in wildlife biology, wildlife conservation, wildlife management, or ecology; and requiring the membership of the Commission to include representation from the farming, hunting, wildlife preservation, and passive wildlife recreation communities.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Automatic Expungement - Clarification. Description: Clarifying the language of provisions of law requiring the expungement of certain records maintained by the State or a political subdivision of the State relating to the charging of certain offenses under certain circumstances and notification of a certain right to expungement.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax - Payments of Fines, Penalties, and Other Amounts - Addition Modification. Description: Providing an addition modification under the Maryland income tax for the amount of certain trade or business expenses paid or incurred during the taxable year that are deducted under the Internal Revenue Code for the payment of certain fines, penalties, or other amounts; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Currency - Campaign Finance Prohibitions - Disclosures by Financial Institutions. Description: Prohibiting certain persons subject to campaign finance regulation from making or accepting monetary contributions or monetary donations using any currency other than United States currency; prohibiting a campaign finance entity or a person acting on behalf of a campaign finance entity from making a monetary expenditure using any currency other than United States currency; authorizing the State Administrator of Elections or the Administrator's designee to investigate certain potential violations of the Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Probation Before Judgment - Probation Agreements. Description: Authorizing a court to stay the entering of a conviction, defer further proceedings, and place a certain defendant on probation subject to reasonable conditions if the court finds facts justifying a finding of guilt; authorizing the State and a certain defendant to enter into a probation agreement under certain circumstances; providing that the entry of a probation agreement under the Act shall be considered a probation before judgment for all other purposes under State law; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Washington County - Sheriff's Salary - Alteration. Description: Altering the salary of the Washington County Sheriff to be 90% of the salary of the State's Attorney of Washington County; and repealing the requirement for the Washington County Salary Study Commission to study and issue a report that contains recommendations relating to the salary of the Sheriff of Washington County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Budget Bill (Fiscal Year 2024). Description: Making the proposed appropriations contained in the State Budget for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024, in accordance with Article III, Section 52 of the Maryland Constitution; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Creation of a State Debt – Maryland Consolidated Capital Bond Loan of 2023, and the Maryland Consolidated Capital Bond Loans of 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022. Description: Authorizing the creation of a State Debt in the amount of $1,218,639,000, the proceeds to be used for certain necessary building, construction, demolition, planning, renovation, conversion, replacement, and capital equipment purchases of the State, for acquiring certain real estate in connection therewith, and for grants to certain subdivisions and other organizations for certain development and improvement purposes; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Budget Reconciliation and Financing Act of 2023. Description: Authorizing or altering the distribution of certain revenue; repealing a certain required appropriation to the Revenue Stabilization Account; altering the areas in which certain faculty must specialize to be assigned to provide clinical care at the University of Maryland Capital Region Medical Center; reducing the budgeted Medicaid Deficit Assessment for fiscal year 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Aviation Commission - Duties, Composition, and Member Orientation. Description: Requiring the Maryland Aviation Commission to consider certain types of impacts of decisions of the Commission or the Maryland Aviation Administration when carrying out certain provisions of law; requiring the Commission to consider information and advice from certain additional stakeholders; requiring that certain members of the Commission appointed by the Governor be recommended by certain county Senate delegations; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Early Childhood Education - Prekindergarten Programs - Montessori Schools and Programs. Description: Altering the eligibility requirements for the Prekindergarten Expansion Grant Program and publicly funded prekindergarten programs to include certain operational requirements, staff credentials, and student-to-staff ratios; requiring Montessori schools and programs to maintain a student-to-classroom personnel ratio of no more than 10 to 1, with a maximum of 20 students if all the students are under the age of 5 years; requiring a classroom teacher to hold a bachelor's degree and be certified by certain organizations; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Prohibited Liability Agreements - Recreational Facilities. Description: Establishing that a provision in a contract or agreement relating to the use of a recreational facility that purports to release the recreational facility from, or indemnify or hold harmless the recreational facility against, liability for bodily injury is void and unenforceable when the bodily injury is caused by or results from the negligence or other wrongful act of the recreational facility or its agents or employees; and providing that a certain unit of State or local government is not included in the term "recreational facility".
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Street Racing and Exhibition Driving - Prohibited Acts, Enforcement, and Penalties. Description: Altering certain penalties and the points assessments for certain motor vehicle violations related to participation in a race or speed contest; prohibiting a person from engaging in exhibition driving on any highway or private property that is used for driving by the public; authorizing the towing and impounding of a vehicle involved in violations related to participation in a race, a speed contest, or exhibition driving; providing penalties of imprisonment up to 1 year or a fine up to $1,000 or both in the event of bodily injury; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Revisions. Description: Altering certain provisions governing the issuance of stock, convertible securities, and scrip; clarifying the authority of corporations to hold annual meetings by remote communication; clarifying the application of certain provisions of law to the conversion of a corporation; requiring a real estate investment trust that voluntarily dissolves to file a notice of termination with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Board of Education - Member Elections and Appointments. Description: Requiring the seven elected members of the Baltimore County Board of Education to be elected in gubernatorial election years; requiring the four appointed members of the Board to be appointed in presidential election years; providing for the termination of the terms of certain appointed members of the Board in 2024; and providing for the  appointment of certain members of the Board in 2028.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Indecent Exposure Within the Sight of a Minor. Description: Prohibiting a person from committing the common law crime of indecent exposure; providing a penalty of imprisonment of up to three years or a fine of up to $1,000 or both; prohibiting a person from, with prurient intent, committing the common law crime of indecent exposure within the sight of a minor who is at least 2 years old and is more than 4 years younger than the person; and providing a penalty of up to five years imprisonment and a fine of up to $10,000 or both for a violation of this section of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax Checkoff - Maryland Veterans Trust Fund. Description: Establishing a certain income tax checkoff for voluntary contributions to the Maryland Veterans Trust Fund; requiring the Comptroller to include certain information in each individual income tax return package; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission on Public Health - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Commission on Public Health to make recommendations to improve the delivery of foundational public health services in the State; requiring the Commission to conduct an assessment of the foundational public health capabilities of the Maryland Department of Health and local health departments; requiring the Commission to submit to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly an interim report by December 1, 2023, and a final report by December 1, 2024, of the Commission's findings and recommendations; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Limitations on Summoning Law Enforcement or Emergency Services - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a landlord from using a lease or form of lease that contains a provision that limits a tenant's ability to summon, or penalizes a tenant or another individual solely for summoning, the assistance of law enforcement or emergency services; prohibiting a landlord from taking certain retaliatory actions because a tenant or another individual summons the assistance of law enforcement or emergency services for certain purposes; prohibiting a local jurisdiction from enacting certain laws; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Video Lottery Operation License - Renewal. Description: Altering the number of years before the end of the term of a video lottery operation license that a licensee is required to provide certain notice of intent to renew the license and is authorized to apply for renewal; providing for a 15-year term for a renewed license; requiring the State Lottery and Gaming Control Commission to renew a certain license unless the Commission finds the licensee is no longer qualified; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County - Alcoholic Beverages - Repeal of Petition of Support Requirement Ho. Co. 12-23. Description: Repealing the requirement that an application for an alcoholic beverages license in Howard County include certain petitions of support signed by at least three residents who are owners of real property and registered voters in the district where the business is to be conducted.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Golf Carts on Public Highways - Report. Description: Requiring the St. Mary's County Board of County Commissioners to produce a report recommending and describing the areas of St. Mary's County that the County Board considers appropriate for the operation of unregistered golf carts on public highways, subject to certain standards; and requiring the County Board to submit the report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County and Frederick County - Career Activities in Public High Schools - Sale of Coffee by Students With Individualized Education Programs. Description: Prohibiting an Executive Branch agency from banning or regulating the sale of coffee in conjunction with a career exploration and development activity created for or organized by students with individualized education programs in a public high school in Baltimore County or Frederick County; and repealing a certain exception that prohibited the sale of coffee in certain public high schools in Baltimore County except under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Minority Business Enterprise Program - Reporting. Description: Requiring the Governor's Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to include an attestation that all units required to report are represented in its annual report beginning December 31, 2023; requiring the Office to conduct a certain periodic audit to ensure the accuracy of the attestation; requiring a certain annual report to be submitted to the Joint Committee on Fair Practices and State Personnel Oversight; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Facial Recognition Technology - Requirements, Procedures, and Prohibitions. Description: Establishing requirements, procedures, and prohibitions relating to the use of facial recognition technology by a law enforcement agency under certain circumstances; requiring, by October 1 each year, a law enforcement agency that uses or contracts for the use of facial recognition technology to complete an audit to determine compliance with the Act and applicable local laws, regulations, and policies; requiring the Department of State Police to adopt and publish a model statewide policy on the use of facial recognition technology; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Person in a Position of Authority - Sexual Offenses With a Minor. Description: Altering the definition of "person in a position of authority" applicable to sexual offense in the fourth degree; altering a certain prohibition against a certain person in a position of authority engaging in certain conduct to prohibit a person in a position of authority from engaging in a sexual act, sexual contact, or vaginal intercourse with a minor who is enrolled at a school or participating in a certain program for which the person in authority works; authorizing the imposition of a certain sentence;  etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Employment for Minors - Opportunities for Work. Description: Requiring the Commissioner of Labor and Industry to release certain personal information of a minor who has a work permit to employers and apprenticeship sponsors, educational programs and institutions, and local workforce development boards that have requested and have registered with the Maryland Department of Labor for the purpose of receiving the information, if a parent or legal guardian of the minor or the minor elects to allow the sharing of the information.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of the Environment - Zero-Emission Medium- and Heavy-Duty Vehicles - Regulations (Clean Trucks Act of 2023). Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to adopt regulations on or before December 1, 2023, establishing requirements for the sale of new zero-emission medium- and heavy-duty vehicles in the State; defining a "heavy-duty vehicle" as one with a gross vehicle weight rating equal to or greater than 14,001 pounds; requiring the Department, in consultation with certain units of State government, to prepare and submit to the General Assembly a certain needs assessment and deployment plan by December 1, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Property Taxes - Authority to Set a Special Rate for Vacant and Abandoned Property. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to set a special property tax rate for a vacant lot or improved property cited as vacant and unfit for habitation or other authorized use on a housing or building violation notice; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child in Need of Assistance – Neglect – Cannabis Use. Description: Providing that the use of cannabis by a parent or certain other individuals who care for a child does not qualify as neglect except in certain circumstances for purposes of provisions of law relating to children in need of assistance.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Child Pornography - Accessing and Intentionally Viewing. Description: Prohibiting a person from knowingly or intentionally accessing and intentionally viewing a certain visual representation of a child under the age of 16 years.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Chiropractic Examiners - Disciplinary Actions. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Chiropractic Examiners to take disciplinary action against an applicant or a licensee for failing to comply with a Board order; authorizing the Board to grant a stay of enforcement of a Board order in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act; prohibiting a Board order from being stayed pending judicial review; authorizing the Board to reinstate a suspended or revoked license only in accordance with the terms and conditions of the order or an order of reinstatement issued by the Board; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Sales - Owner-Occupied Property - Foreclosure, Notice, and Reimbursement of Expenses. Description: Prohibiting in all counties, rather than Baltimore City only, a holder of a certificate of sale from filing a complaint to foreclose the right of redemption for owner-occupied residential property until 9 months from the date of sale; prohibiting in all counties, rather than Baltimore City only, a certain notice from being sent to certain persons with an interest in owner-occupied residential property sold at tax sale until 7 months after the date of sale; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Sales - Homeowner Protection Program - Outreach. Description: Expressing the intent of the General Assembly that at least 2% of the balance in the Homeowner Protection Fund be spent each year to conduct outreach in a certain manner to homeowners in tax sale to encourage the homeowners to enroll in the Homeowner Protection Program; authorizing the State Tax Sale Ombudsman to conduct outreach using State employees and resources or to contract with a private vendor; requiring that certain State and local government agencies provide certain information to facilitate outreach efforts; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax Exemption - Redevelopment Areas in Baltimore County - Sunset Extension. Description: Extending, until July 1, 2036, the termination date applicable to an exemption from the sales and use tax for certain construction material or warehousing equipment purchased for use in a certain target redevelopment area in Baltimore County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Massage Therapy - Discipline. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners to grant a stay of enforcement of a Board order in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act; prohibiting an order of the Board from being stayed pending judicial review; authorizing the Board to appeal a decision that reverses or modifies its order; altering the grounds for disciplining massage therapists and procedures related to the discipline of massage therapists, including appeals procedures and reinstatement procedures; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Accessory Dwelling Unit Policy Task Force. Description: Establishing the Accessory Dwelling Unit Policy Task Force to survey and document a representative sampling of the variety of ordinances, laws, codes, and policies regarding the development and operation of accessory dwelling units in areas zoned for single-family residential use; and requiring the Task Force to report to the Governor and General Assembly on its activities on or before November 1, 2023, and its findings and recommendations on or before June 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Officers' Retirement System - Special Death Benefits - Applicability. Description: Authorizing an application for special death benefits to be made for the death of certain members of the Correctional Officers' Retirement System.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians - Dispensing Permits. Description: Transferring oversight of the inspection of the offices of dispensing physicians from the Office of Controlled Substances Administration to the State Board of Physicians; altering the circumstances under which a physician may dispense drugs, devices, or topical medications; requiring the Board to report to the Office any violation related to controlled dangerous substances; providing for the transfer of certain functions, powers, duties, property, records, fixtures, credits, assets, liability, obligations, rights, and privileges; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Massage Therapy - Definition, Registration, and Reimbursement. Description: Altering the definition of "massage therapy"; altering the date after which the option to be registered by the State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners to practice massage therapy in a setting that is not a health care setting will no longer be available; and repealing a provision of law that provides that certain provisions of law do not require a nonprofit health insurance plan, an insurer, a health maintenance organization, or a person acting as a third party administrator to reimburse certain individuals for services rendered.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City Young Readers Program and Young Readers Matching Grant Program - Alterations (Young Readers Program Act of 2023). Description: Transferring the Baltimore City Young Readers Program and the Young Readers Matching Grant Program to the Maryland State Library Agency;  requiring program grant applicants to include the distribution of books to children in low-income zip codes within the applicants' areas of service; requiring the Governor to include $350,000 in the annual budget bill for the Program; requiring the State Library Board, beginning December 1, 2024, to report every other year to the General Assembly on the effectiveness of the Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Registers of Wills - Electronic Filing and Signatures. Description: Requiring a register of wills to accept certain documents filed electronically through a system established by the register of wills; and prohibiting a register of wills from refusing to accept a document based on the manner in which it was signed.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Class B-ECF/DS (Education Conference Facility/Dining Service) License - Towson University. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore County to issue a Class B-ECF/DS (Education Conference Facility/Dining Service) license for use at certain Towson University events.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Property Tax - Retroactive Exemption. Description: Authorizing a person who applies for certain property tax exemptions for real property in Baltimore City to request that the exemption be applied retroactively for up to 3 taxable years, subject to certain requirements; requiring Baltimore City and the State to pay a refund of excess real property taxes paid due to a retroactive exemption that is granted; and requiring the Baltimore City Department of Finance to submit a report on the number of requests made and the amounts refunded by December 1 each year from 2023 to 2027.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Disabled Veteran Registration Plates - Issuance. Description: Authorizing the Motor Vehicle Administration to issue certain special disabled veteran registration plates to disabled veterans who are between 50% and 99%, inclusive, service-connected disabled as designated or classified by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs; prohibiting the Administration from charging certain persons the fee required for replacement registration plates under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Class A-7 Licenses. Description: Repealing certain geographic and temporal restrictions on the issuance of Class A-7 beer, wine, and liquor licenses in Baltimore City.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - On-Farm Composting Facilities - Permit Exemption. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to adopt regulations to exempt an on-farm composting facility from the requirement to obtain a permit if the on-farm composting facility uses 10,000 square feet of area or less for active food scrap composting, composts only certain materials, records the amount and source of off-site type 2 organics composted and the date and time the off-site type 2 organics arrived on the farm, retains the records for 5 years, provides records on request, and meets any other condition for a permit exemption; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Paint Stewardship. Description: Requiring producers of architectural paint or a representative organization to submit a plan for the establishment of a Paint Stewardship Program to the Department of the Environment on or before July 1, 2024, and in accordance with certain requirements; requiring the Department to review and approve certain plans, including a certain assessment, submitted in accordance with the Paint Stewardship Program; prohibiting the sale of certain architectural paint under certain circumstances beginning January 1, 2025; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Caroline and Queen Anne's Counties - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Residency Requirement. Description: Requiring that a certain applicant for an alcoholic beverages license in Caroline County be a resident of the State rather than a resident of the county; and requiring that a certain applicant for an alcoholic beverages license in Queen Anne's County be a resident of the State rather than a resident of the county.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Sign Language Interpreters Act. Description: Establishing a licensing and regulatory system for sign language interpreters under the State Board of Sign Language Interpreters in the Office of the Deaf and Hard of Hearing; establishing the Sign Language Interpreters Fund to be used exclusively to cover the documented direct and indirect costs of fulfilling the Board's duties, including development of programs to assist licensure of marginalized interpreters, development of certain mentorship programs, and financial assistance for certain applicants; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Eligible Projects - Procurement of Construction Materials (Buy Clean Maryland Act). Description: Requiring producers of any cement or concrete mixture used in the construction of an eligible project to submit environmental product declarations to the Department of General Services by December 31, 2024; requiring the Department to establish a maximum acceptable global warming potential for certain categories of eligible materials by January 1, 2026; establishing an Environmental Product Declaration Assistance Fund to support the development of certain environmental product declarations; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Abandoned Vehicles - Secured Parties - Electronic Notification. Description: Authorizing a police department that takes an abandoned vehicle into custody to notify any secured party electronically if that form of notice is agreed to by the police department, the tower, and the secured party in a certain manner; and altering the application of a provision of law authorizing a police department to provide certain alternative public notice of custody of an abandoned vehicle to include circumstances where electronic notice is unacknowledged or undeliverable.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Gaming - Senior Activity Centers. Description: Authorizing a certain senior activity center to conduct gaming events, bunco games, and card games in St. Mary's County; prohibiting a senior activity center in St. Mary's County from awarding prize money in excess of $50 to a winner in each session or charging a participant more than $25 to play one session; requiring any money that remains after prizes are awarded to be used to support future programming at the senior activity center; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public and Nonpublic Schools - Bronchodilator Availability and Use - Policies. Description: Requiring each county board of education and authorizing nonpublic schools in the State, before the 2024-2025 school year, to establish a policy to authorize a school nurse or other school personnel designated by the school nurse to administer in emergency situations a bronchodilator to a student who is experiencing asthma, reactive airway disease, or asthma-related symptoms; requiring the Maryland Departments of Health and Education to update State school health service guidelines for the management of students with asthma; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Maryland Child Abduction Prevention Act. Description: Authorizing a court to order child abduction prevention measures if the court finds there is a credible risk of abduction of the child; authorizing certain parties to petition the court for child abduction prevention measures; requiring a petition to be verified, include a copy of any existing child custody determination, and specify the risk factors for abduction; requiring the court to consider certain evidence of a credible risk of abduction; establishing requirements for an abduction prevention order; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Film Production Activity Income Tax Credit - Alterations and Maryland Entertainment Council. Description: Altering the aggregate amount of film production activity tax credit certificates that the Secretary of Commerce may issue in each of fiscal years 2024 through 2026 to $15,000,000 and for fiscal year 2027 and each fiscal year thereafter to $12,000,000; establishing the Maryland Entertainment Council to study and make recommendations regarding Maryland's film, television, and entertainment industry; and requiring the Council to submit a final report to the Governor and the General Assembly by September 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: 9–8–8 Trust Fund – Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill for fiscal year 2025 an appropriation of $12,000,000 to the 9-8-8 Trust Fund for the purpose of designating and maintaining 9-8-8 as the universal telephone number for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline and for developing and implementing a statewide initiative for the coordination and delivery of behavioral health crisis response services in the State.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Environmental Health Specialists - Revisions. Description: Altering the education requirements for an applicant for licensure as an environmental health specialist; altering the grounds for which the Board may take disciplinary action against an applicant or a licensee to include misfeasance and malfeasance while performing the duties of an environmental health specialist; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force on Reducing Emergency Department Wait Times. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Reducing Emergency Department Wait Times to study and make recommendations for reducing emergency department wait times; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations, including legislative, regulatory, or other policy initiatives regarding best practices for reducing emergency department waits times, to the Governor and the General Assembly by January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Libraries - Funding. Description: Providing certain funding for each county public library system for fiscal year 2028 and each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County – Alcoholic Beverages – Holders of Class B–BWL (Clubhouse/Lodge) License and Class 7 Micro–Brewery License MC 16–23. Description: Providing that the restriction on holding or having a financial interest in other retail alcoholic beverages licenses for holders of a Class 7 micro-brewery license does not apply to a holder of a Class B-BWL (clubhouse/lodge) license in Montgomery County who is issued a Class 7 micro-brewery license.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Clinical Nurse Specialists - Prescribing. Description: Defining "clinical nurse specialist" and "practice as a clinical nurse specialist" for the purpose of authorizing clinical nurse specialists to prescribe drugs and durable medical equipment under regulations adopted by the State Board of Nursing; designating a clinical nurse specialist as an "authorized prescriber" under the Maryland Pharmacy Act; and authorizing a licensed physician to personally prepare and dispense a prescription written by a clinical nurse specialist.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prescription Drug Affordability Board - Upper Payment Limits. Description: Reestablishing the requirement that the Prescription Drug Affordability Board, under certain circumstances, draft a plan of action for implementing a process to set upper payment limits for certain prescription drug products; reestablishing the authority of the Board to set upper payments limits, under certain circumstances, for prescription drug products that are purchased or paid for by or through certain State or local government entities, plans, or programs; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Financial Institutions – Mortgage Loan Originators – Independent Contractors. Description: Altering certain provisions of law relating to the licensing of mortgage loan originators to provide for the licensing of certain independent contractors as mortgage loan originators under certain circumstances; and requiring licensed mortgage lenders to supervise certain activities of certain mortgage loan originators in a certain manner.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Gender-Affirming Treatment (Trans Health Equity Act). Description: Requiring, beginning on January 1, 2024, the Maryland Medical Assistance Program to provide gender-affirming treatment in a nondiscriminatory manner; requiring that the gender-affirming treatment be assessed according to nondiscriminatory criteria that are consistent with current clinical standards; prohibiting the issuance of an adverse benefit determination related to gender-affirming treatment unless a certain experienced health care provider has reviewed and confirmed the appropriateness of the determination; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment - Statewide Recycling Needs Assessment and Producer Responsibility for Packaging Materials. Description: Altering the definition of "organics recycling" to include the processing of certain compostable packaging materials; establishing a producer responsibility advisory council to provide advice and make recommendations regarding establishing a producer responsibility program for packaging materials and to report to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2025; requiring the Office of Recycling in the Department of the Environment to procure a statewide recycling needs assessment; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Health - Prohibition on Transfer of Human Immunodeficiency Virus - Repeal. Description: Repealing the prohibition on an individual from knowingly transferring or attempting to transfer the human immunodeficiency virus to another individual.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Grocery Stores and Restaurants - Automated External Defibrillator Program (Joe Sheya Act). Description: Requiring the owners and operators of grocery stores with annual gross incomes greater than $10,000,000 or restaurants with annual gross incomes of more than $1,000,000, beginning on January 1, 2024, to place an automated external defibrillator in a prominent, accessible area and maintain the functionality of the defibrillator; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health and the Maryland Institute for Emergency Medical Services Systems jointly to adopt certain regulations.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Forestry Education Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Forestry Education Fund to expand and enhance the Maryland Forestry Foundation's capacity to provide certain education and resources to forest landowners, the ability of district forestry boards and the knowledge of local governments to achieve healthy and sustainable forests, and the ability of businesses to test innovative best management practices in forestry; and requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill $250,000 for the Fund in fiscal years 2025 and 2026.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Dental Services - Access. Description: Altering the Maryland Dent-Care Program; establishing a requirement regarding the reimbursement of dental-related services under the Maryland Medical Assistance Program; establishing requirements on the Maryland Department of Health regarding the creation and distribution of plain language materials related to dental services; requiring the State Board of Dental Examiners to publish a searchable list of licensed providers who provide mobile dental services or portable dental services in the State; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Clinical and Graduate Alcohol and Drug Counselors - Licensure. Description: Altering the educational requirements that individuals must meet to be licensed as clinical or graduate alcohol and drug counselors.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Care Providers - Registration and Licensing - Exemptions. Description: Exempting certain family child care homes, large family child care homes, and child care centers that serve only dependent children of military personnel and are located on a military base or federal property or are certified as a family child care provider by a branch of the U.S. Department of Defense or the Coast Guard from certain registration and licensing requirements; authorizing certain entities to assume responsibility for approving or determining which children may be served by exempted child care providers; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: County Boards of Education - Due Process Proceedings for Children With Disabilities - Burden of Proof. Description: Requiring a county board of education to bear the burden of proof in due process proceedings that initiate from a due process complaint regarding the provision of special education services or a program for a child with disabilities in the county in which the county board is located, except under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Institutions of Higher Education - Student Withdrawal Policy - Reimbursement of Tuition and Fees (Cameron Carden Act of 2023). Description: Requiring each public institution of higher education to adopt a policy that authorizes a student to withdraw for extenuating circumstances of illness, injury, hospitalization, or mental health and wellness; and requiring the policy to include provisions for reimbursement to the student of any tuition and fees paid by the student for the semester during which the student withdraws if the circumstances inhibited the student's ability to acquire an education.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Victims of Child Sex Trafficking and Human Trafficking - Safe Harbor and Service Response. Description: Altering procedures that a law enforcement officer and a court are required to follow when the law enforcement officer or court has reason to believe that a child who has been detained is a victim of sex trafficking or a victim of human trafficking; providing that a minor may not be criminally prosecuted or proceeded against under certain provisions of law for a certain offense if the minor committed the offense as a direct result of being a victim of sex trafficking or being a victim of human trafficking; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Police Retirement System and Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System - Deferred Retirement Option Program - Alterations. Description: Increasing the maximum number of years of eligibility service that certain members of the State Police Retirement System or Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System may have to participate in the Deferred Retirement Option Program (DROP) from 30 to 32; increasing the number of years that certain members of the State Police Retirement System or Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System may participate in the DROP from 5 to 7; and authorizing certain individuals to elect to extend their participation in the DROP.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment - Synthetic Turf - Chain of Custody. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to establish a system to track the chain of custody of synthetic turf installed on sports and playing fields in the State; requiring the custodian of a synthetic turf sports or playing field installed in the State to report chain of custody information to the Department by January 1, 2024, or within 30 days after the installation whichever is later; and requiring the Department to serve as the custodian for chain of custody information and develop and maintain a website with certain information.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Rare Disease Advisory Council. Description: Establishing the Rare Disease Advisory Council to study and make recommendations on matters relating to individuals with rare diseases in the State; requiring the Council to convene public hearings, make inquiries, and solicit comments from the public on the needs of rare disease patients, caregivers, and health care providers; requiring the Council to report to the Governor and General Assembly by December 1 each year beginning in 2024 and to provide recommendations on ways to address the needs of persons with rare diseases in the State; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Firearm Safety - Storage Requirements and Youth Suicide Prevention (Jaelynn's Law). Description: Altering a certain provision relating to the storage of firearms and ammunition in a location that can be accessed by an unsupervised child; and requiring the Deputy Secretary for Public Health Services to develop a youth suicide prevention and firearm safe storage guide, with recommendations from a stakeholder committee.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employee Rights and Protections - Personnel Actions and Harassment - Complaints. Description: Authorizing an applicant for State employment or a State employee to file a complaint alleging harassment by an employer within 2 years after the alleged violation that is the basis of the complaint; and increasing, from 30 days to 1 year, the period of time for an applicant or employee to file a complaint alleging certain prohibited personnel actions.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Provider Agencies and Personal Care Aides - Reimbursement and Wage Reports. Description: Requiring provider agencies to submit certain reports to the Maryland Department of Labor by September 1 each year, beginning in 2024, regarding average wage rates for personal care aides; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to work with stakeholders to update a certain report regarding reimbursement rates and develop a certain plan regarding gaps in certain reimbursement rates; requiring the Department to submit its recommendations, including any proposed legislative or regulatory changes, by September 30, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pesticides - PFAS Testing - Study. Description: Requiring the Department of Agriculture, in consultation with certain State and federal agencies, to study the use of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) in pesticides in the State; and requiring the Department to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor, the Senate Committee on Education, Energy, and the Environment, and the House Health and Government Operations Committee on or before November 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Longitudinal Data System - Definition of Student Data - Alteration. Description: Altering the definition of "student data" for purposes of the Maryland Longitudinal Data System to include student disability data by specific disability category.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cigarette Restitution Fund - Payments for Sale and Marketing of Electronic Smoking Devices - Use. Description: Requiring the Cigarette Restitution Fund to include a separate account consisting of payments received by the State from certain enforcement actions related to the sale and marketing of electronic smoking devices; and providing that distributions from the separate account may be used, consistent with any other State law, to supplement General Fund appropriations designated for certain programs with the purpose of reducing the use of tobacco products by individuals under 21 years of age.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Home- and Community-Based Services for Children and Youth. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to expand access to and provide reimbursement for intensive in-home services, case management, and wraparound services; requiring, beginning in fiscal year 2024, the Behavioral Health Administration to fund 100 slots in the mental health case management program for children or youth at risk of out-of-home placement who are not eligible for program services; requiring the Governor to include funding in the annual budget bill for customized goods and services for certain youth; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Social Services Programs - Eligibility and Enrollment. Description: Requiring the Office of Home Energy Programs to enroll households, based on certain eligibility, in any fuel and utility assistance program; and altering the eligibility requirements for the electric universal service program to provide assistance to customers with annual incomes at or below 200% of the federal poverty level.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Provision of Veterinary Services - Practice of Veterinary Medicine and Rabies Vaccines. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners to issue a license to an animal control facility to administer rabies vaccines; requiring the Board to establish an expedited process to authorize a veterinary practitioner who holds a current, valid license to practice veterinary medicine in another state or jurisdiction to become licensed to practice veterinary medicine in the State; requiring the Secretary of Health to allow certain veterinary technicians or other clinical staff to administer rabies vaccines; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Finance and Procurement - Grants - Prompt Payment Requirement. Description: Establishing invoicing and prompt payment requirements for certain State grants; requiring the State to make payment under certain grant agreements within 37 days of the payment becoming due under the agreement or after receiving a proper invoice; and authorizing interest accrual at the rate of 9% per year on any amount that is due and payable but remains unpaid after a certain time.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Cooperative Housing Corporations, Condominiums, and Homeowners Associations - Virtual Meetings. Description: Requiring a person conducting a meeting of a cooperative housing corporation, condominium, or homeowners association by telephone conference, video conference, or similar electronic means to provide a participant a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting; requiring certain participants in a meeting of a cooperative housing corporation, condominium, or homeowners association to have equal access to any available chat function; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety – Law Enforcement – Body–Worn Cameras (Body–Worn Camera Appropriation and Financing Act of 2023). Description: Requiring the Department of General Services, in coordination with the Department of Information Technology, to negotiate certain contracts with third parties for the acquisition or maintenance of body-worn cameras, equipment, or technology for certain law enforcement agencies; and requiring the Department of Information Technology, in coordination with the Department of General Services, to study the cost and feasibility of implementing a statewide uniform storage and access system for law enforcement body-worn camera data.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Financial Assistance - Medical Bill Reimbursement Process. Description: Establishing requirements related to the reimbursement of out-of-pocket costs paid by certain hospital patients who were eligible for free care, including requirements related to the consideration of data and the reporting and disclosure of certain information; authorizing the Commission to impose a fine of up to $50,000 per violation if a hospital fails to provide refunds to qualifying patients; making a violation of the Act an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice subject to penalties under the Maryland Consumer Protection Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Expert Witnesses - Letter of Exception. Description: Prohibiting a court from requiring a letter of exception for an individual to testify in a criminal proceeding as an expert witness if the individual is reviewing the data, opinion, interpretation, or conclusion of another expert witness or forensic laboratory and is not handling any physical evidence.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Commercial Use - Definition. Description: Defining "commercial use" in Baltimore City to include multifamily residential development if the development is located within a waterfront commercial zoning district and within a 0.50-mile radius of a commuter rail station.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Lynching Truth and Reconciliation Commission - Reporting and Sunset Extension. Description: Extending the time for the submission of the final report of the Maryland Lynching Truth and Reconciliation Commission to December 1, 2025; and extending the termination date for the Commission to June 30, 2026.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - 2-1-1 Maryland - Oversight. Description: Defining the term "Health and Human Services Referral System" for the purposes of certain provisions of law governing the System to mean a certain coordinated system for health and human resources that is accessible to State residents, rather than a certain telephone service; repealing the requirement that the Maryland Department of Health evaluate the performance of certain call centers and make certain recommendations regarding the quality of service provided by call centers; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Public School Athletics - Basketball Schedule. Description: Establishing rules for public school athletic schedules for basketball, including the maximum number of games played per week and season and the number of tournament games played each year; requiring each county board of education to decide whether to authorize a team to play in a tournament or showcase game; and prohibiting a student from being disciplined for not participating in a game or practice that occurs outside of the school year.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Alcohol Beverage Services - Advisory Board MC 04-23. Description: Altering the membership of the Advisory Board of the Alcohol Beverage Services of Montgomery County to include a designee of the Director of the Services and a designee of the Director of the Montgomery County Department of Police.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders - Funding - Repeal of Sunset. Description: Repealing the termination date of certain provisions of law requiring the Comptroller to distribute a certain amount of certain abandoned property funds to the Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders Fund which provides grants to the University of Maryland School of Law, the University of Baltimore School of Law, and the Maryland Volunteer Lawyers Service to operate tax clinics for low-income Maryland residents.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - School Board Nominating Commission - Vacancy Procedures. Description: Requiring the Baltimore County School Board Nominating Commission to hold a public hearing on the selection of a nominee for a single vacancy on the Baltimore County Board of Education in a certain manner under certain circumstances; requiring the Commission to make publicly available on its website live video streaming of certain public hearings and certain archived video recordings; and authorizing the Commission to retain and reactivate the applications of certain candidates for certain vacancies on the county board.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Licensed Direct-Entry Midwives - Previous Cesarean Section. Description: Allowing a licensed direct-entry midwife to assume or take responsibility for a client who had a previous cesarean section and regulating the circumstances under which the responsibility may be assumed or taken; altering the required contents of a certain informed consent agreement; and requiring the State Board of Nursing, in consultation with certain stakeholders, to develop a transport protocol for clients who had a previous cesarean section.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Railroad Company - Movement of Freight - Required Crew. Description: Prohibiting a train or light engine used in the movement of freight in the same rail corridor as a high-speed passenger or commuter train from being operated in the State unless it has at least two crew members; and establishing a penalty for a first offense of a $500 fine and for subsequent offenses within a 3-year period, a fine of $1,000 for each offense.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Program - Account Establishment - Procedures. Description: Establishing certain procedures regarding the persons who may establish or receive distributions from an ABLE account in the Maryland ABLE Program for a certain eligible individual; and requiring the Maryland 529 Board to adopt certain procedures regarding the establishment and operation of an ABLE account by a person other than a certain designated beneficiary.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacy Benefits Managers - Definition of Purchaser and Alteration of Application of Law. Description: Altering the definition of "purchaser" for the purpose of certain provisions of State insurance law governing pharmacy benefits managers to exclude certain nonprofit health maintenance organizations; and repealing certain provisions that restrict applicability of certain provisions of law to pharmacy benefits managers that provide pharmacy benefits management services on behalf of a carrier.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange and Maryland Department of Health - Health Care and Dental Care Coverage for Undocumented Immigrants - Report. Description: Requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange and the Maryland Department of Health to develop a report comparing options for offering affordable health care and dental care coverage to State residents who are ineligible for the Maryland Medical Assistance Program, the Maryland Children's Health Program, qualified health plans, or stand-alone dental plans due to the individuals' immigration status; and requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to report its findings and recommendations by October 31, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland School for the Blind - Public School Construction Program - Eligibility. Description: Repealing the termination date on the eligibility of the Maryland School for the Blind for funding under the Public School Construction Program.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Personnel - Executive Branch Service Contracts - Notification. Description: Authorizing the Board of Public Works to approve certain service contracts if the Board receives a certain certification; and requiring the Department of Budget and Management to send a copy of the certification to the exclusive representative of the affected employees.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion Day. Description: Requiring the Governor annually to proclaim March 9 as 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion Day in recognition of the service of the women of the 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion during World War II.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Recordation Tax - Indemnity Mortgage Exemption - Threshold Amount. Description: Altering the threshold amount for certain indemnity mortgage transactions that are exempt from the recordation tax from less than $3,000,000 to less than $12,500,000; and applying the Act to instruments of writing recorded on or after July 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education – Veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq Conflicts Scholarship – Altering Name of Scholarship. Description: Altering the name of the Veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq Conflicts Scholarship to be the Douglas J. J. Peters Veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq Conflicts Scholarship.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance – Pharmacy Benefits Managers – Audits of Pharmacies and Pharmacists. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Health to adopt regulations for pharmacy benefits managers that contract with managed care organizations that establish requirements for conducting audits of pharmacies or pharmacists; establishing requirements and prohibitions regarding audits by certain pharmacy benefits managers, including provisions related to audit limits, acceptance of certain documents as proof, recoupment of funds or charging of fees for prescriptions of unbreakable package sizes, and access to financial documentation; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Services Cost Review Commission - Hospital Rates - All-Payer Model Contract. Description: Requiring that the Health Services Cost Review Commission exercise its authority to consider certain standards when determining the reasonableness of certain rates in a manner that is consistent with the all-payer model contract.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Coaches - Mental Health Training. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to develop guidelines for public schools and the Maryland Higher Education Commission to develop guidelines for public institutions of higher education to train coaches to recognize indicators of mental illness and behavioral distress in students who participate in athletic programs in public schools and public institutions of higher education; requiring public schools and public institutions that offer athletic programs to provide a certain training to coaches; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Diagnostic and Supplemental Examinations and Biopsies for Breast Cancer - Cost-Sharing. Description: Prohibiting, except under certain circumstances, insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations that provide coverage for diagnostic and supplemental breast examinations from imposing a copayment, coinsurance, or deductible requirement for the examination; and requiring the Maryland Health Care Commission to study and report to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly by October 1, 2023 on the financial impact of eliminating cost-sharing for diagnostic image-guided biopsies for breast cancer.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Village of Friendship Heights Special Taxing District - Procurement MC 15-23. Description: Increasing the threshold amount above which the Friendship Heights Village Council is prohibited from entering into a certain contract without a competitive bidding process; and authorizing the village council, by majority vote, to enter into a certain contract that exceeds the $20,000 threshold amount without a competitive bidding process if the procurement is in response to an emergency.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Black Bear Conflict Reduction and Damage Reimbursement Fund - Uses. Description: Altering the Black Bear Damage Reimbursement Fund to authorize grants from the Fund to be made for projects that reduce conflicts between  black bears and humans; renaming the Black Bear Damage Reimbursement Fund to be the Black Bear Conflict Reduction and Damage Reimbursement Fund; increasing the amount of reimbursement from the Fund per person annually authorized for damage caused by black bears to not less than $5,000; requiring the Governor to include at least $50,000 in the annual budget bill for the Fund; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commissioner of Financial Regulation - Name and Organization of Office. Description: Establishing the name of a certain office under the Commissioner of Financial Regulation in the Maryland Department of Labor as the Office of Financial Regulation; designating a certain appointee of the Commissioner of Financial Regulation as the Deputy Commissioner for Depository Activities; requiring the Commissioner of Financial Regulation to appoint a Deputy Commissioner for Non-Depository Activities; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health and Prescription Drug Affordability Board - Managed Care Organizations and Prescription Drug Claims - Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health and the Prescription Drug Affordability Board jointly to study certain information regarding the payment of prescription drug claims under the Maryland Medical Assistance Program during calendar years 2021 and 2022 and how to address certain inconsistencies; and requiring the Department and the Board to report the findings of the study to the Maryland Medicaid Administration and certain committees of the General Assembly by October 31, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Institutions of Higher Education - Transcripts - Prohibition on Punitive Measures Related to Student Debt. Description: Prohibiting an institution of higher education from refusing to provide a current or former student with a transcript or taking other punitive measures regarding a student's transcript request because the student owes a debt to the institution of higher education.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Blue and Flathead Catfish Finfish Trotline License - Establishment. Description: Establishing a licensing and regulatory scheme to allow the commercial fishing of blue and flathead catfish in the tidal waters of the State using a finfish trotline.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Bond Sales - Notification of the Public. Description: Authorizing the Board of Public Works and the State Treasurer to provide public notice of a public sale of State bonds by The Municipal Market Monitor (TM3) or a similar service or such other method deemed appropriate by the State Treasurer.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture - State Specialist for Value-Added Agriculture. Description: Establishing the State Specialist for Value-Added Agriculture as a position in the Department of Agriculture to serve as the primary point of contact for individuals engaging in, or interested in engaging in, value-added agriculture in the State; and requiring the Specialist to provide information regarding State and federal regulations related to value-added agriculture and to act as a liaison between State and federal partners involved in value-added agriculture.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Parking Enforcement - Citations. Description: Requiring a parking citation issued by a political subdivision, a State agency, or a third-party contractor to include a box that the person issued the citation may check to indicate that the registration plates cited were not issued for the vehicle described in the citation; requiring a political subdivision, State agency, or third-party contractor that receives a parking citation from a person with the box checked to perform a certain verification process and dismiss the citation under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Tort Claims Act - Denial of Claims - Notice. Description: Altering the means by which the State Treasurer may send notice of a denial of a claim made under the Maryland Tort Claims Act to authorize notice by e-mail or, if it is the only available means, by regular mail.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - State Facilities Changes and Closures - Procedures. Description: Requiring a principal department of the Executive Branch to give certain notice to the public, the General Assembly, and any exclusive representative with certain bargaining unit employees, hold a public hearing, submit a certain report, make the report publicly available, and allow the submission of certain comments before changing the use, purpose, or function of a State facility or closing a State facility.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Investment Portfolio - Investment Thresholds - Alterations. Description: Repealing the limitations on investment in certain commercial paper in which the Treasurer may invest or reinvest certain unexpended or surplus funds; requiring the Treasurer to adopt regulations to establish a State investment policy with certain thresholds; and requiring the Treasurer to notify certain officials and governing bodies of certain local governmental units about the provisions of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Ability to Repay Verification - Exemption. Description: Exempting mortgage loans made by community development financial institutions from certain requirements to verify the borrower's ability to repay.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Audiology, Hearing Aid Dispensing, Speech-Language Pathology, and Music Therapy Act - Definitions and Application. Description: Altering the definition of "hearing aid dispensary" to include certain actions taken for the purpose of ordering certain hearing instruments and specifying that certain hearing instruments include prescription hearing aids; altering the definition of "practice audiology" for the purposes of certain provisions of law governing the licensure of audiologists; and providing that certain provisions of law do not apply to certain actions taken with respect to certain over-the-counter hearing aids.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Kent County - Board of Education - Student Member. Description: Altering the membership of the Kent County Board of Education to include a student member; providing for the initial term of the student member of the county board; requiring the student member to attend the Maryland Association of Boards of Education new student board orientation and all regular meetings of the county board; prohibiting the student member's attendance at an executive session of the county board; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Local Homeowners' Credit Supplement - Limitation on Combined Gross Income. Description: Authorizing counties and municipal corporations to alter a certain limitation on the combined gross income of a homeowner for purposes of a local supplement to the homeowners' property tax credit; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hunting - Snares, Traps, and Other Similar Devices - Identification Requirement. Description: Requiring a person who is not required to be licensed or permitted under certain provisions of law to obtain a free Department of Natural Resources identification number before using a snare, a trap, or another similar device to capture wildlife; and requiring a person who uses a snare, a trap, or another similar device to capture wildlife to ensure the person's Department identification number is stamped on the device or on a metal tag affixed to the device.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City Sheriff – Staffing. Description: Increasing from one to three the number of assistant sheriffs required to be appointed by the Baltimore City Sheriff; and repealing a limitation on the number of certain other staff that the Baltimore City Sheriff may appoint.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Elections - Polling Place Plan, Prohibited Acts, and 2024 Primary Election Date. Description: Prohibiting a local board of elections from voting to change the location of a polling place without first holding a meeting to discuss the proposed change and providing an opportunity for individuals and organizations to testify; requiring each local board to submit a polling place plan to the State Board of Elections at least 6 months prior to each statewide primary election; altering the date of the 2024 statewide primary election and the primary election for municipal offices in Baltimore City to the second Tuesday in May; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Violation of Pretrial or Posttrial Condition by Incarcerated Person - Victim Contact. Description: Prohibiting a certain incarcerated person from violating a condition of pretrial or posttrial release or other pretrial or posttrial condition prohibiting the person from contacting, harassing, or abusing an alleged victim or going in or near an alleged victim's residence or place of employment.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Resources and Education for All Prisons (REAP) Act. Description: Requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to assist inmates in accessing federal Pell grants for higher education; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to set goals for the number of inmates in education programs and establish tracking systems relating to the number of inmates and their progress in education programs; and requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission and the Department of Human Services to assist the Maryland Department of Labor in establishing certain tracking systems.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health - Workforce Development - Fund Established. Description: Establishing the Behavioral Health Workforce Investment Fund to provide reimbursement for costs associated with educating, training, certifying, recruiting, placing, and retaining behavioral health professionals and paraprofessionals; and requiring the Maryland Health Care Commission, in coordination with certain entities, to conduct a comprehensive behavioral health workforce needs assessment on or before October 1, 2024, and submit the assessment to certain committees of the General Assembly by October 15, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force on Common Ownership Communities. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Common Ownership Communities to study the education and training needs of common ownership community boards and new and prospective owners of homes and dwelling units in common ownership communities; and requiring the Task Force to submit a final report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Nonvested Accounts - Regular Interest. Description: Requiring a certain rate of interest on certain member contributions in active members' nonvested accounts in the State Retirement and Pension System if the members have not withdrawn contributions from the nonvested accounts and are not eligible to receive a certain vested allowance; providing for the retroactive application of the Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Land Installment Contracts - Requirements and Vendor Duties and Limitations. Description: Requiring the vendor to provide a purchaser under a land installment contract with the results of a title search for the property at or before the time the purchaser signs the contract; requiring the inclusion of certain notice, terms, and recitals in a land installment contract formed in the State; altering, from 40% to 20%, the percentage of the original cash price of a land installment contract that the purchaser must pay before the purchaser may demand a grant of the deed to the property to the purchaser; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Medical Emergency - Immunity. Description: Altering certain provisions relating to immunity from criminal arrest, charge, or prosecution for a person experiencing a medical emergency after ingesting or using alcohol or drugs.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: University System of Maryland - Board of Regents - Student Member Grant. Description: Authorizing the Board of Regents of the University System of Maryland to authorize a certain grant for the student member serving in the first year of the student's term on the Board of Regents.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Procurement Improvement Council - Membership and Duties. Description: Altering the membership of the Procurement Improvement Council to include the Comptroller and the Attorney General; authorizing certain members to send a designee to attend certain meetings under certain circumstances; and clarifying the duties of the Council to include discussion of strategies to increase the participation of small, minority-owned, and women-owned businesses in procurement contracts.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission - Notification of Action Filed Against Police Officer. Description: Requiring a court to notify the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission of the filing of a civil action against a police officer involving allegations that the police officer wrongfully caused the death of or serious bodily injury to an individual; and requiring the court to make the required notification within 10 days after the filing of the civil action.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Chief Executive Officer of the Public School System - Alterations to Title and Search Committee Requirements PG 503-23. Description: Changing the title of the Chief Executive Officer of the Prince George's County public school system to the County Superintendent of the Prince George's County public school system; and altering the composition of, the qualifications for, and the method for selecting the search committee for the County Superintendent of the Prince George's County public school system.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Office of the Sheriff - Deputy Sheriffs and Labor Organizations PG 308-23. Description: Increasing from four to five the number of full-time assistant sheriffs provided to the Sheriff of Prince George's County; and providing that the Fraternal Order of Police will negotiate on behalf of deputy sheriffs in benefit matters not related to salary.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Condominium Act – Amendments to the Declaration. Description: Reducing from 80% to 66 2/3% the percentage of unit owners listed on the current roster of a condominium needed to provide written consent to an amendment of a condominium's declaration if none of the units of the condominium are owned by a developer of the condominium.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Speed Monitoring Systems - Maryland Route 210 (Indian Head Highway) PG 304-23. Description: Increasing the maximum number of speed monitoring systems that may be placed and used on Maryland Route 210 (Indian Head Highway) in Prince George's County from three to six; requiring the State Highway Administration in conjunction with a certain entity to report annually its recommendations for solutions to address accidents, injuries, and fatalities on the highway; extending the termination date for a provision of law granting the authority to place speed monitoring systems on Maryland Route 210 in Prince George's County; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Licensing PG 305-23. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County, notwithstanding a certain prohibition on the transfer of a license with an off-sale privilege, to approve the transfer of a Class A beer, wine, and liquor license to a premises located in a certain alcoholic beverages district under certain circumstances; authorizing the Board to issue a Class B-DD beer, wine, and liquor license with an off-sale privilege to certain restaurants in certain areas; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County Public Schools - Alterations to Title of Chief Executive Officer and Establishment of Office of Integrity and Compliance PG 501-23. Description: Changing the title of the Chief Executive Officer of the Prince George's County public school system to the County Superintendent of the Prince George's County public school system; establishing the Office of Integrity and Compliance in the Prince George's County public school system to evaluate, examine, investigate, report on, and make recommendations on certain issues related to the Prince George's County public school system; requiring the County Council of Prince George's County to appoint an Integrity and Compliance officer; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B-Stadium (Baseball Stadium) Beer, Wine, and Liquor License PG 306-23. Description: Altering the alcoholic beverages that may be sold under a certain stadium license in Prince George's County; authorizing the holder of a Class B-Stadium (baseball stadium) beer, wine, and liquor license to sell beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption; altering a provision of law providing that the profit from the sale of certain alcoholic beverages under the license may accrue to the use of the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission or the concessionaire; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Custody - Relocation of Child - Expedited Hearing (Assurance of Child's Safety Act). Description: Requiring a court to schedule a hearing on a certain petition regarding the proposed relocation of a child who is the subject of a custody or visitation order on an expedited basis under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Payment in Lieu of Taxes Agreements - Low-Income Housing PG 403-23. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Prince George's County to enter into a payment in lieu of taxes agreement with an owner of real property that is used for low-income housing that is financed through the county's Right of First Refusal program or acquired, constructed, or rehabilitated for the purposes of operating the low-income housing.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Nonpublic Education - Placements of Children With Disabilities - Teacher Salaries (Teacher Pay Parity Act). Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to adopt regulations to ensure that children with disabilities who need special education and related services that cannot be provided in a public county, regional, or State program be placed in an appropriate nonpublic educational program that offers these services; requiring the State and certain counties to pay for costs of salaries for teachers at certain nonpublic schools in a certain amount and proportion; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians - Inactive and Emeritus Status. Description: Authorizing the Board to place a licensee on emeritus status under certain circumstances; requiring the Board, under certain circumstances, to reinstate the license of an individual who is on inactive or emeritus status; exempting licensees who are on inactive status or emeritus status from continuing medical education requirements; repealing the requirement that the Board issue a license to an individual who is on inactive status under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Licenses, Certificates, and Registrations - Lawful Presence and Identification Numbers. Description: Prohibiting a health occupations board from requiring that an applicant provide proof that the applicant is lawfully present in the United States or have a Social Security number or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number as a condition for licensure, certification, or registration; requiring each health occupations board to require each applicant for a license to disclose the Social Security number or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number of the applicant or, as permitted by federal law, provide alternative documentation; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Video Lottery Terminal Proceeds - Purse Dedication Account - Ocean Downs Race Course Operating Loss Assistance. Description: Altering the authority of the Ocean Downs Race Course to use certain Purse Dedication Account funds generated from video lottery terminal proceeds for operating loss assistance to support a certain minimum number of live racing days at the racecourse.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Pharmacy - Accessible Prescription Labels, Bag Tags, and Medical Guides for Blind, Visually Impaired, and Print Disabled Individuals - Regulations. Description: Requiring the State Board of Pharmacy to adopt regulations necessary to ensure that individuals who are blind, visually impaired, or otherwise print disabled have appropriate access to prescription labels, bag tags, and medical guides; requiring the Board to give visually impaired individuals an opportunity to comment on the regulations; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to report by December 1, 2023, to the General Assembly on the implementation process for providing accessible labels for visually impaired persons.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Recordation Tax - Purchase Money Mortgage or Purchase Money Deed of Trust - Extent of Exemption. Description: Providing that the exemption from the recordation tax for a purchase money mortgage or purchase money deed of trust applies only to the extent that the purchase money mortgage or purchase money deed of trust secures purchase money.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public School Construction - Programs, Approvals, and Administration - Alterations. Description: Repealing the School Safety Grant Program and the Aging Schools Program as of June 30, 2026; altering provisions relating to school construction approvals by the State Superintendent of Schools; altering provisions related to a public-private partnership agreement in Prince George's County; establishing that the Interagency Commission on School Construction is an independent unit of State government; repealing the requirement for the Board of Public Works to approve grants awarded under a certain capital grant program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Street Lighting Equipment - Acquisitions and Reporting (County and Municipal Street Lighting Investment Act). Description: Finding that local governments pay electric companies large sums to light streets and are limited in how this public safety resource can be managed, the Act authorizes certain counties or municipalities to acquire certain street lighting equipment by purchase or condemnation, convert its street lighting service to a customer-owned street lighting tariff, enter into an agreement to purchase electricity, and contract with an electric company for the maintenance of the street lighting equipment; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Sexual Abuse and Assault Awareness and Prevention Program - Human and Sex Trafficking. Description: Requiring the State Board of Education and nonpublic schools that hold a certificate of approval from the State Board and participate in the Nonpublic Schools Textbook and Technology Grants Program to develop and implement a program of age-appropriate education on the awareness and prevention of sexual abuse and assault that includes, for students in grades 6 through 8, material promoting the awareness and prevention of human and sex trafficking.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cooperative Housing Corporations - Dispute Settlement. Description: Altering procedures for the dispute settlement mechanism under the Maryland Cooperative Housing Corporation Act; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Architects - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Architects in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2028, the termination provisions relating to certain statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Prince George’s County – Prince George’s County Reentry Employment Incentive Program – Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor, for each of fiscal years 2025 through 2028, to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $500,000 to the Prince George's County Office of the County Executive to be used for the Prince George's County Reentry Employment Incentive Program; and requiring that funds made available by the Act are supplemental to, and may not supplant, funds otherwise available for the reentry employment incentives in Prince George's County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Recreational Crabbing Gear - Individuals Under the Age of 16 Years. Description: Authorizing an individual under the age of 16 years to use a collapsible trap, net ring, handline, or dip net when catching or attempting to catch crabs in the waters of the Chesapeake Bay and its tidal tributaries without a recreational crabbing license.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Worcester County - Natural Resources - Hunting. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person in Worcester County to hunt game birds and game mammals on a Sunday, subject to certain time restrictions, during the open season for that game bird or game mammal; authorizing the Department to allow a person in Worcester County to hunt on public land designated for hunting on Sundays, subject to certain time restrictions; and altering the safety zone from 150 to 50 yards from certain buildings occupied by human beings within which archery hunting may not take place.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Fire-Fighting Training - Oriented Strand Board - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting the setting on fire or burning of oriented strand board for certain fire-fighting training; and establishing an administrative penalty not exceeding $500 for a first violation of the Act and a civil penalty not exceeding $1,000 for a second or subsequent violation of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Regional Institution Strategic Enterprise Zone Program – Alterations and Financing. Description: Altering the period of time that an area may be designated as a Regional Institution Strategic Enterprise (RISE) zone from 5 to 10 years; increasing the number of RISE zones that the Secretary of Commerce may approve in Baltimore City to not more than four; extending the termination date of the RISE Program to January 1, 2030; and authorizing a political subdivision to pledge certain revenues to secure the payment of obligations to the Maryland Economic Development Corporation for infrastructure improvements located in a RISE zone.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Advanced Practice Registered Nurse Compact. Description: Entering into the Advanced Practice Registered Nurse Compact; establishing criteria for participating states; authorizing an advanced practice registered nurse to practice in a party state under certain scope of practice rules; establishing the Interstate Commission of APRN Compact Administrators and its duties and powers;  providing for the amendment of and withdrawal from the Compact; providing that the Compact is contingent on the enacting of substantially similar legislation in six other states; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Senior Higher Education Institutions - Reproductive Health Services Plans - Requirements. Description: Requiring, on or before August 1, 2024, certain public senior higher education institutions, in consultation with students, to develop and implement a reproductive health services plan to provide at the institution or to refer students to a comprehensive range of reproductive health services; requiring the University of Baltimore, in lieu of developing and implementing a reproductive health services plan, to provide students with access to over-the-counter contraception through certain on-campus means; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Veterans Affairs - Burial in State Veterans' Cemeteries - Spouses and Dependents. Description: Requiring the Department of Veterans Affairs to bury the eligible spouse or dependent of a veteran in a State veterans' cemetery without charge.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Grossly Negligent or Drunk or Drugged Operation of Vehicle or Vessel - Prior Convictions. Description: Establishing that certain previous convictions for drunk or drugged operation of a vehicle or vessel and grossly negligent manslaughter by vehicle or vessel under certain provisions of law constitute prior convictions for the purpose of determining certain enhanced subsequent offender penalties.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force to Study Nonpublic Student Bus Transportation. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study Nonpublic Student Bus Transportation to collect information from each local board of education on nonpublic school student busing programs other than for the transportation of students in special education; and requiring the Task Force to report by December 15, 2023, to certain committees of the General Assembly any recommendations as to how the State may support a reduction in the use of passenger vehicles for nonpublic school students and policies for certain busing programs.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Residential Service Agencies - Reimbursement - Personal Assistance Services. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Department of Health to reimburse a residential service agency for personal assistance services only if the personal assistance services are provided by an individual classified as an employee.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - School Vehicles - Duration of Operation. Description: Altering the number of years that a school vehicle may be operated in Anne Arundel County from 12 years to 15 years.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Town of Mount Airy (Carroll County and Frederick County) - Urban Renewal Authority. Description: Granting the Town of Mount Airy in Carroll County and Frederick County the authority to exercise urban renewal powers within an urban renewal area under Article III, Section 61 of the Maryland Constitution; and authorizing the municipality to levy certain taxes and issue general obligation bonds and revenue bonds to carry out urban renewal powers.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Early Childhood Development - Child Care Scholarship Program - Alterations. Description: Prohibiting the State Department of Education from increasing the copayment levels, reducing the reimbursement rates, reducing the income eligibility requirements, or implementing an enrollment freeze for the Child Care Scholarship Program in effect as of January 1, 2023, unless certain conditions are met.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Rural Health Collaborative Pilot Repeal and Mid Shore Health Improvement Coalition Funding. Description: Repealing the provisions of law establishing and governing the Rural Health Collaborative Pilot; and requiring the Governor to provide an appropriation in the State budget for fiscal year 2024 and each fiscal year thereafter to fund the operations of the Mid Shore Health Improvement Coalition.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Board of Public Works Public Comment Act. Description: Requiring the Board of Public Works, for meetings held on or after October 1, 2024, to allow members of the public to submit certain public comments electronically except under certain circumstances; requiring public comments to be included in certain meeting materials and posted and retained online; and requiring an additional staff position at the Board to carry out requirements of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Human Services - Electronic Benefits Transfer Cards - Theft of Benefits (Prevent Electronic Benefits Theft Act of 2023). Description: Requiring the Department of Human Services to restore to a beneficiary any benefits lost due to theft; authorizing certain households to request a hearing within 90 days after a certain determination; requiring the State to give preference to certain vendors in the procurement process for electronic benefits distribution or administration; authorizing the Department to restore certain benefits; requiring the Department to take certain actions to reduce the vulnerability of Electronic Benefits Transfer cards to theft; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Greenspace Equity Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Greenspace Equity Program in the Department of Natural Resources to provide grants to eligible applicants for enhancing the public health and livability of overburdened and underserved communities by implementing projects to preserve, create, and enhance community greenspace; requiring the Department to submit certain grant applications to the Maryland State Clearinghouse for Intergovernmental Assistance; requiring certain grant applications to be subject to approval by the Board of Public Works; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Developmental Disabilities Council - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Developmental Disabilities Council as an independent unit of State government with the authority to conduct and support advocacy, systems change, and capacity-building efforts to promote inclusive communities and equity in services for individuals with disabilities in the State, research best practices and provide related training and technical assistance to communities in the State, and inform State and local leaders about disability issues.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Elevator Safety - Privately Owned Single-Family Residential Elevators - Inspection and Registration Requirements. Description: Establishing that an elevator installed in a privately owned single-family residential dwelling on or after October 1, 2023, is subject to certain inspection and registration requirements; prohibiting the Commissioner of Labor and Industry from disclosing to the public any information regarding a registered elevator unit installed in a privately owned single-family residential dwelling; and requiring the Commissioner to delete certain registration information on the completion of the final acceptance inspection on a certain unit.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians - Supervised Medical Graduates. Description: Authorizing a supervised medical graduate to provide delegated duties under direct supervision in accordance with regulations adopted by the State Board of Physicians; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax Credit - Disabled Law Enforcement Officers and Rescue Workers - Definition and Eligibility. Description: Requiring a county or municipal corporation to define, by law, who is a law enforcement officer or rescue worker; altering eligibility for the tax credit to include certain disabled law enforcement officers or rescue workers who were domiciled in the State as, or any time within the 5 years before the officer or worker died or was determined to be disabled; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Elections - Municipal Elections - Publication of Results on Website. Description: Requiring the State Board of Elections to publish municipal election results on its website immediately after a municipality submits its election results; and requiring, within 30 days after the results of a municipal election are certified, the municipality to submit to the State Board an electronic copy of the election results for each office or question voted on at the election.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Investor-Owned Utilities - Prevailing Wage - Enforcement. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to enforce certain prevailing wage requirements for contractors and subcontractors working on projects involving and traffic control activities related to underground gas or electric infrastructure of an investor-owned gas company, electric company, or gas and electric company; requiring certain contractors and subcontractors to request from the Department a copy of a certain wage determination and ensure that employees are paid in compliance with existing prevailing wage rates; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Maryland Meals for Achievement In-Classroom Breakfast Program - Annual Appropriation. Description: Increasing the appropriation required by the Governor for the Maryland Meals for Achievement In-Classroom Breakfast Program from $7,550,000 to $12,050,000 in the annual budget bill.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Active Shooter Safety Drills or Trainings - Requirements. Description: Authorizing the State Department of Education to adopt regulations to incorporate active shooter safety drills or trainings in the annual schedule of drills for local school systems; requiring local school systems to take certain actions regarding active shooter safety drills or trainings, including collecting and reporting certain data to the Maryland Center for School Safety, and providing certain notice to parents, students, and school personnel; requiring the Center to identify best practices for active shooter safety drills; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture - Use of Antimicrobial Drugs - Reporting Deadlines. Description: Altering the date from February 1, 2020 and each February 1 thereafter, to July 1 each year, on which the Department of Agriculture must submit to the General Assembly a certain annual report regarding the use of medically important antimicrobial drugs in cattle, swine, and poultry to the General Assembly.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Bicycles, Play Vehicles, and Unicycles - Authorizations and Requirements. Description: Authorizing a person to ride a bicycle, play vehicle, or unicycle on a sidewalk or sidewalk area unless prohibited by local ordinance; and requiring a person riding a bicycle, play vehicle, or unicycle on a sidewalk or sidewalk area or in or through a crosswalk to yield the right-of-way to a pedestrian or a person using an electric personal assistive mobility device.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: City of Annapolis - Alcoholic Beverages - Art Establishment. Description: Establishing an art establishment beer and wine license in the City of Annapolis; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners to issue the license to sell or serve beer and wine for on-premises consumption to a nonprofit organization primarily engaged in certain arts-related activities; and providing for a license fee of $1,000.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Stadium Authority - Camden Yards Sports Facilities Funds and Bus Rapid Transit Fund. Description: Altering the membership of the Maryland Stadium Authority; establishing the Camden Yards Football Sports Facility Supplemental Financing Fund and the Camden Yards Baseball Sports Facility Supplemental Financing Fund to enable the Maryland Stadium Authority to take certain actions; requiring the Authority to administer the funds; altering the amount the Comptroller is required to distribute from the State Lottery Fund to certain funds; establishing the Bus Rapid Transit Fund to provide grants to eligible grantees; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Outdoor Preschool License Pilot Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Outdoor Preschool License Pilot Program in the State Department of Education to license outdoor, nature-based early learning and child care programs to expand access to affordable, high-quality early learning and child care programs and investigate the benefits of outdoor, nature-based classrooms; requiring the Department to submit a final report to the Governor and General Assembly by December 1, 2027, with recommendations for modifying or expanding the Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Transfer of Child Support Unit and Personnel to the Child Support Administration. Description: Transferring all the functions, powers, and duties of the Child Support Unit of the Office of the State's Attorney for St. Mary's County and certain personnel to the Child Support Administration of the Department of Human Services.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Officers’ Retirement System – Transfer of Membership – Modifications. Description: Making certain members of the Correctional Officers' Retirement System eligible to receive creditable service at retirement for unused sick leave accrued by the member in the State Employees' Retirement System or State Employees' Pension System; and requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to transfer certain individuals' Employees' Retirement System or Employees' Pension System service to the Correctional Officers' Retirement System on June 30, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Gaming - Video Lottery Terminals - Local Impact Grants and Pimlico Community Development Authority Membership - Baltimore City. Description: Altering the distribution of certain funds from local impact grants to Baltimore City; and altering the appointment process for certain members of the Pimlico Community Development Authority.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cooperative Housing Corporations, Condominiums, and Homeowners Associations – Funding of Reserve Accounts. Description: Requiring that certain funds for the reserve account of a cooperative housing corporation, a residential condominium, or a homeowners association be deposited on or before the last day of each fiscal year; extending the duration to comply with a certain funding requirement related to reserve accounts; and requiring a residential condominium or a homeowners association to review the reserve study annually for accuracy.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Ballot Issuance, Processing, and Reporting Procedures and 2024 Primary Date. Description: Requiring a local board of elections to send, not later than 43 days before an election, a ballot to voters who have made a request and qualify to vote by absentee ballot; altering the procedures for the canvassing of and curing of errors on absentee and provisional ballots; prohibiting the tabulation of absentee ballot vote totals before the polls close; requiring that the statewide primary election and the primary election for the municipal offices of Baltimore City in 2024 be held on the second Tuesday in May; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Water Affordability Assistance. Description: Allowing a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for certain water affordability assistance, including water bill arrearage forgiveness, received by an individual during the taxable year and provided by the federal government, the State, or a local government; and requiring a unit of State government or a local government that administers a water affordability assistance program to provide to the Comptroller, on a quarterly basis, certain information about water affordability assistance programs.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Earnable Compensation, Nonvested Former Members, and Immediate Vesting. Description: Specifying that the definition of "earnable compensation" does not include certain payments requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to pay a nonvested former member's accumulated contributions to the nonvested former member's designated beneficiary or estate if the nonvested former member dies before withdrawing the member's contributions; and providing a list of individuals who immediately vest on taking certain offices.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Small Procurement - Definition. Description: Increasing certain dollar thresholds of spending for the purposes of defining "small procurement" for State procurement contracts.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Serving Every Region Through Vocational Exploration Act of 2023. Description: Establishing the Maryland Corps Program; requiring the Department of Service and Civic Innovation to administer and provide staff for the Program; requiring a Program participant to work at least 30 hours per week and partner with an on-site mentor while working in a service placement; requiring a participating employer to pay a Program participant $15 per hour and provide health insurance benefits; authorizing the Department to disburse a stipend of up to $6,000 to a Program participant who completes a service placement; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Prosperity Act of 2023. Description: Altering the percentage of the federal earned income tax credit used for determining the amount that an individual may claim as a refund under the Maryland earned income tax credit under certain circumstances; repealing a certain limitation on the amount certain individuals may claim as a refund under the credit; altering the definition of "qualified child" and income eligibility requirements for purposes of qualifying for a certain credit against the State income tax for certain dependent children; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Regulation - Maryland Community Investment Venture Fund - Establishment (Access to Banking Act). Description: Establishing the Maryland Community Investment Venture Fund as an instrumentality of the State for purposes of developing opportunities for banking institutions and credit unions to better serve the needs of low- to moderate-income tracts; providing for certain assessment offset credits for certain banking institutions and credit unions in certain areas; authorizing the use of the Banking Institution and Credit Union Regulation Fund for certain purposes; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Energy Administration – Energy Programs – Modifications (Clean Transportation and Energy Act). Description: Altering the Electric Vehicle Recharging Equipment Program by extending the duration of the Program through fiscal year 2026, repealing the rebates that may be issued to retail service station dealers, and increasing the limitation on the total amount of rebates that the Maryland Energy Administration may issue in each fiscal year; altering the Medium-Duty and Heavy-Duty Zero-Emission Vehicle Grant Program by altering the definition of "grant"; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of Statewide Broadband - Study of Broadband Expansion Incentives. Description: Requiring the Office of Statewide Broadband within the Department of Housing and Community Development to conduct a study as to how the State can incentivize broadband service providers to expand broadband infrastructure to communities that are unserved or underserved; and requiring the Office to submit its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Build Our Future Grant Pilot Program and Fund (Innovation Economy Infrastructure Act of 2023). Description: Establishing the Build Our Future Grant Pilot Program in the Department of Commerce to provide funding for certain costs for infrastructure projects in eligible technology sectors; requiring certain grantees to provide matching funds and to demonstrate certain abilities; and requiring the Department to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on the projects funded through and the economic impact of the Program by July 1, 2026.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification for Military Retirement Income (Keep Our Heroes Home Act). Description: Increasing the amount of a certain subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for certain military retirement income received by individuals under the age of 55 years to $12,500 and individuals at least 55 years of age to $20,000 during the taxable year for certain military service; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Circuit Court Judgeships. Description: Increasing the number of resident judges of the Circuit Court for Baltimore County from 20 to 21.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cannabis Reform. Description: Renaming the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission to be the Alcohol, Tobacco, and Cannabis Commission; establishing the Maryland Cannabis Administration as an independent unit of State government; establishing a regulatory and licensing system for adult-use cannabis; imposing a sales and use tax of 9% on the sale of cannabis; requiring the Administration, by July 1, 2023, to convert medical cannabis licenses to licenses to operate a medical and adult-use cannabis business; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Residency Requirement. Description: Requiring at least one applicant for an alcoholic beverages license in Carroll County to be a resident of the State, rather than the county, when an application is filed and to remain a resident of the State for the license to remain valid; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Alcoholic Beverages - Modification of Seating Requirements. Description: Modifying the seating requirements for Class B, Class BR, and Class C beer, wine, and liquor licenses in Carroll County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Alcoholic Beverages - Multiple Event Entertainment Licenses. Description: Establishing an annual fee of $2,000 for a multiple event entertainment alcoholic beverages license where the number of events number 41 or more per year in Carroll County; and repealing the limit on the total number of days for which a multiple event entertainment license may be used.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Class 9 Limited Distillery License - Self-Distribution. Description: Authorizing a holder of a Class 9 limited distillery license to apply for and obtain a Class 8 liquor wholesaler's license with certain privileges.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Residential Property - Affordable Housing Land Trusts - Authority to Establish Condominium Regimes. Description: Authorizing a condominium regime to be established on certain land owned by an affordable housing land trust.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Opioids - Opioid Restitution Advisory Council and Fund and Overdose Response Program. Description: Authorizing the Attorney General to direct that an Opioid Restitution Fund Advisory Council committee be formed if required by a court or administrative order or settlement agreement entered into by the Attorney General; requiring the Maryland Department of Health, subject to the limitations of the State budget, to allow certain entities to choose the formulation or dosage of an opioid overdose reversal drug approved by the Food and Drug Administration with which the entity is provided through the Overdose Response Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Postelection Tabulation Audits - Risk-Limiting Audits. Description: Requiring the State Board of Elections, in collaboration with the local boards of elections, to conduct a risk-limiting audit after each statewide election; authorizing, rather than requiring, the State Board, in collaboration with the local boards, to conduct an automated software audit after a statewide election; repealing a requirement to conduct a manual audit after each statewide general election; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Higher Education Commission - Access to Mental Health Advisory Committee - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Access to Mental Health Advisory Committee within the Maryland Higher Education Commission to study the provision of and access to mental health services in institutions of higher education; and requiring the Commission to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Primary and Secondary Education - Policies on Bullying, Harassment, or Intimidation - Revisions. Description: Altering certain requirements for a model policy prohibiting bullying, harassment, or intimidation in public and nonpublic schools; requiring that notification to the parent or guardian of the alleged victim be at the discretion of the alleged victim, if the act of bullying, harassment, or intimidation is determined to be motivated by the alleged victim's actual or perceived sex, sexual orientation, or gender identity; prohibiting certain school employees from being held civilly liable under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employee and Retiree Health Benefits - Creditable Service. Description: Requiring the inclusion of all State service while an individual was employed by the State in the Executive, Legislative, or Judicial Branch of government for the purpose of determining eligibility for State retiree health benefits.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax Credit - Food Donations by Qualified Farms - Sunset Repeal and Alterations (Farmers Feeding Families Act). Description: Repealing certain termination provisions for a tax credit against the State income tax for fresh farm and organic fresh farm food donations; altering the amounts of the tax credit from 50% to 100% of the value of an eligible food donation and from 75% to 100% of the value of the donated certified organic produce a qualified farm is eligible to receive under certain circumstances; applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Purchasing - Compost, Mulch, and Soil Amendments and Aggregate. Description: Requiring each unit of State government to include certain specifications for certain products produced from recycled or organic materials when establishing procurement specifications for compost, mulch, or other soil amendments or aggregate; requiring the Maryland Green Purchasing Committee to establish certain specifications for purchasing of compost, mulch, or other soil amendments or aggregates produced from certain materials and publish and maintain the specifications online for use by State agencies.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 41st District - Alcoholic Beverages - Licenses. Description: Authorizing, for a certain period of time, the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to exchange a Class B-D-7 beer, wine, and liquor license in a certain area for a Class A-7 beer, wine, and liquor license under certain circumstances; repealing certain geographic and temporal restrictions on the issuance of Class A-7 beer, wine, and liquor licenses in Baltimore City; and altering a certain period of time during which a certain alcoholic beverages license may be issued.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Qualified Resident Enrollment Program (Access to Care Act). Description: Altering the purpose of the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange Fund to include the provision of funding for the establishment and operation of the Qualified Resident Enrollment Program; authorizing the use of federal pass-through funds for certain programs as approved under a certain waiver; requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to establish and implement the Program to allow qualified residents to obtain coverage and to facilitate the enrollment of qualified residents in qualified plans; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation - Benefits - Offset and Study. Description: Altering the circumstances under which the payment of a benefit by a governmental unit or quasi-public corporation to a covered employee offsets the liability for benefits under the workers' compensation law; and stating that it is the intent of the General Assembly that the Maryland Association of Counties and the Professional Fire Fighters of Maryland jointly research and report on the effects of the amendments to the Labor and Employment Article implemented by the Act to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Restitution Orders - Recording Fees. Description: Altering a certain provision to prohibit a court from assessing certain costs on a certain person or governmental unit for recording and indexing an order of restitution issued by any court in the State instead of the court in which the judgment of restitution was entered.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Manufacturer's Licenses - Direct Shipments. Description: Authorizing certain holders of manufacturer's licenses to sell and deliver certain products produced under a manufacturer's license to certain individuals located in the State under certain circumstances; and requiring by December 1, 2023, and by June 1, 2024, each holder of a manufacturer's license that has sold and delivered certain products to an individual located in the State in accordance with the Act to submit a report to the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission specifying the amount of liquor or beer shipped and delivered in the State.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health and Human Services Transportation Improvement Act of 2023. Description: Repealing the $500,000 cap on grants that may be awarded by the Maryland Transit Administration under the Maryland Senior Rides Program; repealing the $400,000 cap on the Job Access and Reverse Commute Program; establishing the State Coordinating Committee for Health and Human Services Transportation to examine transportation needs of the elderly, persons with disabilities, and residents requiring transportation assistance to jobs, appointments, citizen programs, and other engagements; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax Credit - Public Safety Officer. Description: Repealing the definition of "public safety officer" for purposes of a certain credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on a dwelling owned by a public safety officer; repealing a certain limitation on the amount of the credit; requiring the governing body of a county or municipal corporation that authorizes the credit to establish, by law, the definition of "public safety officer" for purposes of eligibility for the credit; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Police Retirement System, Law Enforcement Officers’ Pension System, and Judges’ Retirement System – Surviving Spouse Benefit – Same–Sex Spouses. Description: Authorizing the correction of the designated beneficiary election for certain retirees of the State Police Retirement System, Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System, or Judges' Retirement System who retired on or before December 31, 2012, if the retiree named an individual of the same sex to be a designated beneficiary and the retiree married the designated beneficiary on or after January 1, 2013.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commission to Establish a Memorial to the Global War on Terror. Description: Establishing the Commission to Establish a Memorial to the Global War on Terror to study establishing a memorial dedicated to Marylanders who have fought in the Global War on Terror and their families; and requiring the Commission to submit a final report on its findings and recommendations to the Governor and General Assembly on or before 1 year and 3 months after the effective date of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sediment Control Plans, Discharge Permits for Stormwater Associated With Construction Activity, and Notice and Comment Requirements. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to review and update specifications for sediment control plans in a certain manner on or before December 1, 2025, and every 5 years thereafter; prohibiting the Department from authorizing the discharge of stormwater associated with construction activity under a general discharge permit unless certain requirements are satisfied; and requiring the Department to take certain public notice and comment actions if a person makes a written request within the public notification period of the permit.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Relations - Housing Discrimination - Service Dogs. Description: Prohibiting a person from discriminating in the sale or rental of, or otherwise making unavailable or denying, a dwelling to an individual with a disability who has, obtains, or retains a certain service dog.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Nursing – Sunset Extension, Licensure Exceptions, and Board Operations and Membership. Description: Continuing the State Board of Nursing in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2025, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; altering the exceptions to the registered nurse and licensed practical nurse licensure requirements; providing that, for a certain period of time, the Secretary of Health, rather than the Board, has authority over the infrastructure operations of the Board; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Licensed Tree Experts - Alterations. Description: Prohibiting a person from physically engaging in the work of the treatment, care, or removal of certain trees for compensation under a tree expert's license unless the person is employed by the licensed tree expert, employs a licensed tree expert who can provide oversight, is employed by a company that employs a licensed tree expert who can provide oversight, or is a licensed tree expert; requiring a licensed tree expert to carry, show proof of, and maintain for a certain time period valid workers' compensation insurance; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Aging - Long-Term Care and Dementia Care Navigation Programs. Description: Requiring the Department of Aging to oversee long-term care and train the staff of long-term care and dementia care navigation programs; requiring each area agency to establish a long-term care and dementia care navigation program; and requiring the Department to submit a report by October 1, 2024, and each year thereafter, to the Governor, the President of the Senate, the Speaker of the House, and certain committees of the General Assembly about the services provided by the program and to publish the report on its website.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup on Black, Latino, Asian American Pacific Islander, and Other Underrepresented Behavioral Health Professionals - Extension of Dates. Description: Extending the reporting and termination dates, to July 1, 2024, and June 30, 2025, respectively, for the Workgroup on Black, Latino, Asian American Pacific Islander, and Other Underrepresented Behavioral Health Professionals.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Industry 4.0 Technology Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Industry 4.0 Technology Grant Program in the Department of Commerce to provide grants to certain small and medium-sized manufacturing enterprises to assist those manufacturers with implementing new Industry 4.0 technology or related infrastructure for certain purposes; establishing the Industry 4.0 Technology Grant Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund; and requiring the Governor to include in the budget bill for fiscal years 2025 through 2028 an appropriation of $1,000,000 to the Fund.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment - Suppliers of Water - Notification Requirements. Description: Altering the means by which a supplier of water must give notice to the Department of the Environment and certain individuals and entities under certain circumstances; requiring that a certain supplier of water use certain means to give the notice; requiring a supplier of water to give notice to the Department of the Environment and the Maryland Department of Emergency Management if there is a positive test for E. coli; requiring a supplier of water for a water system with a positive test to immediately begin certain preparations; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program - Alterations. Description: Expanding the forms of financial assistance available under the Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program; altering eligibility requirements for projects that may receive financial assistance under the Program; altering the time period when applications may be submitted under the Program; repealing certain restrictions on the amount of financial assistance that may be provided under the Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Animal Testing and Research - Human-Relevant Research Funding and Animal Testing and Research Contributions. Description: Establishing the Human-Relevant Research Fund under the administration of the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to provide grants and loans to promote State-funded research intended to develop human-relevant alternatives to using nonhuman animals in medical and product testing and research; requiring, beginning January 15, 2024, research facilities that engage in animal testing or research to pay a contribution, based on a certain number of animals, to the Secretary of Health; providing a civil penalty for a violation of the Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - West North Avenue Development Authority - Membership and Procurement. Description: Altering the membership of the West North Avenue Development Authority; exempting the Authority from certain provisions of State procurement law; and requiring the Authority to report by December 15, 2023, instead of October 1, 2023, its comprehensive neighborhood revitalization strategy, including any procurement activities undertaken by the Authority, to the Governor, the Senate Budget and Taxation Committee, the House Health and Government Operations Committee, and the Appropriations Committee.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education – Edward T. Conroy Memorial Scholarship Program – Surviving Spouses of Service Members. Description: Specifying that a certain surviving spouse of a member of the armed forces is eligible to apply for a scholarship under the Edward T. Conroy Memorial Scholarship Program if the service member died, suffered a service connected disability, or was declared to be a prisoner of war or missing in action under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Utility Account Holders - Victims of Abuse - Protections. Description: Authorizing an account holder who is the victim of abuse to terminate, and requiring a utility to allow for the termination of, the account holder's future liability under a utility contract if the account holder provides the utility with certain written notice requesting termination of the account holder's future liability under the contract; requiring a utility to allow an account holder who terminates a utility contract under the Act to open a new utility account notwithstanding a certain account balance or arrearage; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Land Conservation - Establishment of Goals and Programs (Maryland the Beautiful Act). Description: Establishing certain goals and programs related to land conservation; establishing the Local Land Trust Revolving Loan Program to provide loans to certain land trusts to purchase land for conservation purposes; establishing the Land Preservation Rapid Response Advisory Committee to review loan applications and make recommendations on which projects to fund; establishing the Local Land Trust Revolving Loan Fund; establishing the 40 x 40 Land Conservation Implementation Grant Program to support land conservation goals; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospital Credentialing - Reappointment Process for Physician Staff - Modification. Description: Requiring that the credential reappointment process for physician staff included in certain minimum standards for hospitals licensed in the State be conducted in accordance with standards of the accreditation body that accredits a hospital, rather than every 2 years.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Information Act - Inspection of E-Mail Addresses and Telephone Numbers. Description: Altering the definition of "personal information" for purposes of certain provisions of the Public Information Act to include an individual's personal e-mail address; requiring certain custodians to deny inspection of certain records of personal e-mail addresses and telephone numbers except under certain circumstances; and requiring certain custodians to allow inspection of certain records of business e-mail addresses under the same circumstances as inspection of certain records of business addresses and telephone numbers.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Deputy Sheriffs and Correctional Deputies - Employment Conditions and Collective Bargaining. Description: Altering the grounds on which a deputy sheriff having a rank of major or below in Washington County may be discharged after 2 years of continuous employment; providing that a special deputy sheriff in Washington County is not a State employee for certain purposes; authorizing sworn deputy sheriffs at the rank of sergeant and below and correctional deputies at the rank of sergeant and below to engage in collective bargaining with the Washington County Sheriff and the County Administrator; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Restrictions on Use - Solar Collector Systems - Alteration. Description: Prohibiting a restriction on land use that increases the cost of installing a solar collector system by at least 5% over a certain cost or that reduces the efficiency of the system by at least 10% under a certain energy generation level; authorizing a community association to impose certain restrictions on the installation of solar collector systems in common areas or common elements; authorizing a community association to install a solar collector system in common areas or common elements under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Golf Simulator Facility. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue a Class B-GSF (golf simulator facility) license to a golf simulator facility under certain circumstances; authorizing the license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption under certain circumstances; requiring the license holder to submit an annual gross sales report to the Board before a license may be renewed; and establishing an annual license fee of $1,500.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County - Tax Sales - Auctioneer Fees. Description: Increasing, from $8 to $10, the auctioneer's fee for the tax sale of property in Garrett County for each property sold.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County – Elderly or Disabled Renters – Grants. Description: Authorizing, instead of a property tax credit, the governing body of Frederick County to provide, by law, a grant to certain elderly or disabled renters of property; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages Districts – Legislative Districting Plan References. Description: Updating certain provisions of law regarding Baltimore City alcoholic beverages districts to refer to the Legislative Districting Plan of 2022; and requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to grant a certain exemption to certain persons under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Talbot County - Board of Education - Election of Officers. Description: Altering the timing of the annual election of the officers of the Talbot County Board of Education to be at its last meeting at the end of each calendar year, or at the meeting in December each year.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate Brokers, Salespersons, and Associate Brokers - Continuing Education Courses - Alterations. Description: Altering the requirements for the subject matter of continuing education courses for licensees issued an initial license by the Real Estate Commission.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Comptroller and State Department of Assessments and Taxation - Enhancing Access to Property Tax Benefits - Report. Description: Requiring the Comptroller and the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to confer to identify ways the Comptroller could collaborate with the Department to enhance access to certain property tax benefits administered by the Department; and requiring the Comptroller and the Department to submit a joint report of their findings and recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate Appraisers - Licensing and Certification - Qualifications. Description: Altering the qualifications for a real estate appraisal license and for a certificate for residential or general real estate appraisal to include completion of certain criteria in the Practical Applications of Real Estate Appraisal program.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Stadium License Annual Fee. Description: Reducing the annual fee for a stadium beer, wine, and liquor license in Harford County from $10,000 to $4,000.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County - Board of County Commissioners - Meetings. Description: Requiring the Board of County Commissioners for Garrett County to meet at least twice a month; authorizing the Board to hold public meetings in person or through live video streaming; and prohibiting the Board from meeting solely through live video streaming for more than two consecutive meetings without a formal declaration of a state of emergency.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Marriage Ceremony - Designation of Deputy Clerk. Description: Transferring, from the county administrative judge of the circuit court for the county to the clerk of the circuit court for the county, the authority to designate a deputy clerk to perform a marriage ceremony.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Transit Administration – Fare Price Requirements – Alterations. Description: Repealing certain requirements that the Maryland Transit Administration increase fares for certain transit services according to the Consumer Price Index; and repealing certain provisions prohibiting the Administration from increasing fares under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Historic Trust - Historic Preservation Loan Fund - Qualified Cooperating Nonprofit Organizations - Transfers. Description: Altering the uses of the Historic Preservation Loan Fund; and authorizing the Maryland Historic Trust to transfer funds from the Fund to a qualified cooperating nonprofit organization to pay for the acquisition, restoration, or rehabilitation of certain historic properties, to provide loans for the acquisition, rehabilitation, restoration, or refinancing of certain properties, and for necessary administrative and programmatic expenses.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission to Study Trauma Center Funding in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Commission to Study Trauma Center Funding in Maryland to study the adequacy of trauma center funding across the State for operating, capital, and workforce costs; and requiring the Commission to reports its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cemeteries - Interment - Pet Remains. Description: Making certain provisions of law governing cemeteries applicable to pet cemeteries; providing that a certain registered cemeterian, registered crematory operator, or permit holder who sells or offers to sell to the public certain services for pet remains owes a duty of perpetual care for the cemetery in which certain pet remains are interred; and requiring the Director of the Office of Cemetery Oversight to adopt regulations to enforce certain provisions of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pride of Baltimore II - Appropriations - Extension. Description: Extending until fiscal year 2028 the appropriation of $500,000 from the Transportation Trust Fund that the Governor is required to include in the annual budget bill for the operation of the replica sailing vessel known as the Pride of Baltimore II.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax - Electricity for Agricultural Purposes - Study and Report. Description: Requiring the Comptroller, in consultation with certain entities, to study and report to the General Assembly by December 15, 2023, on exempting from the sales and use tax electricity used for agricultural purposes such as raising livestock or poultry, preparing, irrigating, or tending the soil, or planting, maintaining, or transporting seeds or crops; and requiring the report to include an estimate of the fiscal impact of the exemption.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County – Alcoholic Beverages Licenses – Display of License. Description: Requiring in Frederick County a license holder to frame and conspicuously display an alcoholic beverages license on the licensed premises.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Student Loan Debt Relief Tax Credit - Alterations. Description: Increasing the total amount of credits against the State income tax that the Maryland Higher Education Commission may approve in a taxable year for certain individuals with certain student loan debt amounts; requiring the Commission to reserve a certain amount of the tax credits that the Commission is authorized to approve for certain graduates; extending, from 2 years to 3 years, the period of time that an individual who claims the credit has to prove that they used the credit to repay the individual's student loan debt; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Recovery Residence Grant Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Recovery Residence Grant Program within the Maryland Department of Health to award competitive grants to recovery residences to support operations, services, and programs; requiring the Department to establish certain procedures; requiring the annual budget bill to include $500,000 for the Program in each of fiscal years 2024 through 2027; and requiring the Department to submit an annual report to the Governor and General Assembly by December 1 each year, beginning in 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources – Apprentice Hunting License – Alterations. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to issue an apprentice hunting license to a person under the age of 17 years who has previously been issued an apprentice hunting license under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Regulation - Modernizing Licensing of Non-Depository Institutions and Elimination of Branch License Requirements. Description: Eliminating requirements for collection agencies and certain non-depository financial institutions to maintain separate licenses for branch locations and authorizing them to conduct business at multiple licensed locations under a single license; and altering certain other requirements and provisions governing the licensing and regulation of collection agencies and certain non-depository financial institutions, including applications, assessments, and bond requirements.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Trusts - Decanting (Maryland Trust Decanting Act). Description: Establishing rules governing the exercise of the decanting power to distribute the property of a first trust to one or more second trusts or to modify the terms of a first trust; and providing for the retroactive application of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pathways in Technology Early College High (P–TECH) School Program – High School Diplomas. Description: Requiring that each memorandum of understanding establishing a school in the Pathways in Technology Early College High (P-TECH) School Program ensures that each P-TECH student receives a high school diploma immediately following completion of high school graduation requirements.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland African American Museum Corporation - Board of Directors - Membership. Description: Altering the membership of the Board of Directors of the Maryland African American Museum Corporation.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Failure to Repair Serious and Dangerous Defects - Tenant Remedies (Tenant Safety Act). Description: Establishing that a landlord that offers a dwelling for rent is deemed to warrant the dwelling fit for human habitation; adding certain mold hazards to the list of dangerous conditions and defects for which a tenant may obtain relief under the State's rent escrow statute; authorizing a single tenant serving as the lead petitioner for a group of tenants to seek remedies on behalf of a group of tenants for a landlord's failure to repair serious and dangerous defects on the leased premises; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission – Certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity – Local Permits. Description: Establishing that a county or a municipal corporation has the authority to approve or deny any local permit required under a certificate of public convenience and necessity issued by the Public Service Commission for generating stations, transmission lines, and qualified generator lead lines; requiring a county or municipal corporation to approve or deny the local permits in a certain manner; prohibiting a county or municipal corporation from conditioning the approval of the local permits on certain approvals; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Pharmacy - Board Membership, Delegated Pharmacy Acts, and Sunset Extension. Description: Altering the membership of the State Board of Pharmacy to include a registered pharmacy technician; authorizing a licensed pharmacist, under certain circumstances, to delegate the entry of certain data into databases or patient charts to be performed at a remote location to a registered pharmacy technician and a registered pharmacy intern; prohibiting registered pharmacy technicians and pharmacy technician trainees from making decisions requiring the professional judgment of a pharmacist; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Workers' Compensation - Licensed Certified Social Worker-Clinical. Description: Authorizing a licensed certified social worker-clinical to register as a rehabilitation practitioner and perform specified services for workers' compensation purposes; requiring a licensed certified social worker-clinical to be certified by the State Board of Social Work Examiners to qualify for registration; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Rural Maryland Prosperity Investment Fund - Allocation of Grants (Rural Communities Improvement Act of 2023). Description: Authorizing the allocation of grants from the Rural Maryland Prosperity Investment Fund for certain business and workforce development activities.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Black Bass Conservation Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Black Bass Conservation Fund in the Department of Natural Resources to further black bass management; requiring the Department to administer the Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund; requiring interest earnings of the Fund to be credited to the Fund; and requiring the Department to establish a process through which an individual who purchases a certain license online to make a voluntary donation to the Black Bass Conservation Fund.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Talbot County – Speed Monitoring Systems – Intersection of Maryland Route 333 (Oxford Road) and Bonfield Avenue. Description: Authorizing the placement and use of a speed monitoring system at the intersection of Maryland Route 333 (Oxford Road) and Bonfield Avenue in Talbot County, subject to placement and signage requirements; requiring the fines collected by the Town of Oxford as a result of the speed monitoring system to be used to assist in covering the cost of roadway and pedestrian safety improvements in and around the intersection; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Community Health Resources Commission and Offices of the Comptroller, Treasurer, and Attorney General - Compensation and Pay Scales of Employees. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Community Health Resources Commission, in consultation with the Secretary of Health, to set the compensation of certain Commission employees; requiring the Secretary of Budget and Management, in consultation with the Secretary of Health, to determine the positions for which the Commission may set compensation; and authorizing the Comptroller, the Treasurer, and the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Budget and Management, to set the pay scale of certain positions in their offices.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Care Facilities - Nursing Homes - Acquisitions and Licensure. Description: Requiring the Maryland Health Care Commission to provide certain information regarding the acquisition of a nursing home to the Office of Health Care Quality; requiring the Secretary of Health to consider the information before taking action regarding licensure to operate a nursing home; and requiring the Commission, in consultation with certain stakeholders, to study and make recommendations regarding the expansion of the certificate of need program over acquisitions of nursing homes and report by December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Health - Parkinson's Disease - Advisory Committee and Website. Description: Altering the duties of the Parkinson's Disease Registry Advisory Committee; requiring the Committee to meet at least quarterly beginning July 1, 2023; requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in collaboration with the State-designated health information exchange, to establish and maintain a publicly accessible website with certain information related to Parkinson's disease by October 1, 2023; and requiring the Committee to report its recommendations for establishing a fully functional State Parkinson's Disease Registry.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Declaration of Rights - Right to Reproductive Freedom. Description: Establishing that every person, as a central component of an individual's rights to liberty and equality, has the fundamental right to reproductive freedom; and prohibiting the State from, directly or indirectly, denying, burdening, or abridging the right unless justified by a compelling State interest achieved by the least restrictive means.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Development - Sustainable Communities - Business Facade Improvement Program. Description: Establishing the Business Facade Improvement Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development to assist qualified businesses located in sustainable communities with improving the outside appearance of the qualified businesses' buildings or facilities; requiring the Department to develop an application process for political subdivisions seeking to participate in the Program; and requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2025, to include $5,000,000 in the annual budget bill for the Program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Comptroller - Taxpayer Advocate Division. Description: Establishing the Taxpayer Advocate Division in the Office of the Comptroller to assist taxpayers and their representatives in resolving certain taxpayer problems and complaints and represent taxpayers' interests in a certain manner.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Modernization of State Financial Systems - 21st Century Financial Systems Enterprise. Description: Requiring the Office of the Comptroller, the Office of the State Treasurer, the Department of Budget and Management, the Department of Information Technology, and the Department of General Services, in consultation with a representative of the Modernize Maryland Oversight Commission, to develop, implement, manage, and oversee the 21st Century Financial Systems Enterprise; and requiring the Office of the Comptroller to periodically report to the General Assembly on the status of the 21st Century Financial Systems Enterprise.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Speed Monitoring Systems - Residential Districts. Description: Establishing that certain provisions of law authorizing the use of speed monitoring systems in certain residential districts apply in Anne Arundel County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Managed Care Organizations - Retroactive Denial of Reimbursement - Information in Written Statement. Description: Altering the information that must be included in a written statement provided by a managed care organization to a health care provider when retroactively denying reimbursement as a result of coordination of benefits.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Nursing - Peer Advisory Committees, Scopes of Practice, and Licensure Requirements. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Nursing to appoint peer advisory committees to provide advice related to midwifery; authorizing registered nurses certified as nurse-midwives and licensed certified midwives to personally prepare and dispense a starter dosage of certain drugs under certain circumstances; altering the exceptions to the certified midwifery licensure requirement and the qualifications required for a license; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources – Forest Preservation and Retention. Description: Altering the definition of "qualified conservation" for purposes of provisions of law related to forest mitigation banks; altering certain  methods of calculating forest afforestation, reforestation, and preservation requirements; authorizing local jurisdictions to adopt certain alternative afforestation, reforestation, and preservation requirements; requiring the Department of Natural Resources to establish a workgroup to evaluate and recommend incentives for private landowners to conserve forest; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Autism Waiver - Military Families. Description: Requiring, unless the child's family requests that the child be removed, that a child on the registry for the Autism Waiver remain on the registry if the child's family relocates out of the State for military service; and providing that if a child on the registry for the Waiver becomes eligible for services while the child's family is out of the State for military service, the child shall be eligible for services through the Waiver if the family relocates to the State.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Residential Property - Service Agreements - Prohibitions. Description: Prohibiting certain service agreements for the maintenance, purchase, or sale of residential property from containing certain provisions; prohibiting the recordation of service agreements prohibited under the Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Sheriff's Sales - Procedures and Subordinate Interests. Description: Establishing that a sheriff's sale of real property extinguishes subordinate liens on the land being sold providing that certain provision of the Act do not impair certain liens on land; and authorizing on or before June 30, 2023, the Judiciary to transfer up to $12,000,000 of the fiscal year 2023 General Fund appropriation for the Judiciary to the Circuit Court Real Property Records Improvement Fund.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: University System of Maryland - Facilities - Bonding Authority and Sale. Description: Approving certain projects for the acquisition, development, and improvement of certain academic facilities for the University System of Maryland; approving the issuance of bonds by the University System of Maryland in a total principal amount of $25,000,000 for financing the projects; providing that the bonds are not a debt or obligation of the State or any of its subdivisions; and authorizing the Board of Regents to approve the use of money received from the sale of certain property for operating expenses at certain campuses.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Party and Elected Public Offices – Prohibition. Description: Altering the application of provisions of law that prohibit an individual from simultaneously being a candidate for more than one public office or office of a political party; prohibiting individuals from simultaneously being a candidate for, or holding, a party office and an elected public office; and providing certain exceptions.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Public Safety - Interference With a Public Safety Answering Point - Penalties. Description: Prohibiting a person from taking certain actions with the intent to interrupt or impair the functioning of a public safety answering point; and prohibiting a person from taking certain actions that interrupt or impair the functioning of a public safety answering point; and authorizing certain penalties.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - False Statements - Emergency or Commission of Crime (Antiswatting Act of 2023). Description: Prohibiting a person from making or causing to be made a false statement, report, or complaint to a governmental emergency report recipient with reckless disregard of causing bodily harm to an individual as a direct result of a response to the statement, report, or complaint; and providing that a person who violates the Act, in addition to any penalties imposed, is civilly liable to an individual harmed by the violation.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Inmate Employment - Agricultural Work. Description: Repealing the authority of the Division of Correction to arrange for inmates not needed or being used by State Highway Administration to perform emergency road work to be employed in agricultural work during any part of the year at a camp in Queen Anne's County or any other county with a similar camp.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Juvenile Court - Concurrent Jurisdiction - Juvenile Offenses on Military Installations. Description: Establishing that the jurisdiction of the juvenile court is concurrent with that of a federal court sitting in the State over certain proceedings involving violations of federal law by a child on a military installation if the federal court waives exclusive jurisdiction and the violation of federal law is also a crime under State law.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety – Officer and Community Wellness Training Grant Fund. Description: Establishing the Officer and Community Wellness Training Grant Fund to provide grants to local law enforcement agencies for Mental Health First Aid for Public Safety training and Critical Incident Stress Management peer support training; authorizing the Governor to include an appropriation in the annual budget bill for the Fund in fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter; and requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to report annually to the Governor and General Assembly on the uses of the Fund.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts – Registered Domestic Partnerships. Description: Establishing requirements for the registration and termination of domestic partnerships with the register of wills; repealing provisions on legitimacy and illegitimacy of children and providing for the parentage of a child born or conceived by registered domestic partners; requiring the register of wills to recognize as domestic partnerships relationships established under the laws of other jurisdictions if the laws are substantially similar to the provisions of the Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sexual Assault Evidence Collection Kits - Preservation and Storage. Description: Altering requirements for the storage and preservation of sexual assault evidence collection kits; requiring sexual assault evidence collection kits collected before January 1, 2000, to be retained and transferred in a certain manner; and requiring the Maryland Sexual Assault Evidence Kit Policy and Funding Committee, by December 1, 2023, to issue a report to the Governor and the General Assembly on certain recommendations, in consultation with the Consumer Protection Division of the Office of the Attorney General.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services - Sexual Assault Evidence Collection Kit Reporting Program. Description: Requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to establish and administer a certain reporting program relating to sexual assault evidence collection kits; requiring a law enforcement agency and a person with control or possession of a sexual assault evidence collection kit to report certain information to the program and comply with certain regulations; and clarifying the uses for the Rape Kit Testing Grant Fund.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Legal Services Corporation - Affordable Life, Wills, and Estate Planning for Seniors Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Affordable Life, Wills, and Estate Planning for Seniors Grant Program in the Maryland Legal Services Corporation to provide eligible seniors access to affordable civil law-related services; and requiring the Governor to provide an appropriation of $225,000 in the annual budget for the Program.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Inmate Labor - Alterations. Description: Altering the authorization for certain inmates of a State or local correctional facility to engage in work on public roads.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Collective Bargaining for Sheriff's Office Employees - Binding Arbitration Procedures MC 13-23. Description: Requiring that the procedures for declaring an impasse and submitting a dispute to binding arbitration be conducted in accordance with certain provisions of the Montgomery County Code if the Sheriff of Montgomery County and a bargaining representative are unable to reach agreement during negotiations on matters applicable to employees of the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County Housing Opportunities Commission - Collective Bargaining Agreement Implementation - Impasse Arbitration MC 10-23. Description: Altering the terms and conditions of a certain final offer that the Executive Director of the Housing Opportunities Commission of Montgomery County is required to submit to the Montgomery Commission; authorizing the parties to a collective bargaining agreement for employees of the Montgomery Commission to request the services of a mediator-arbitrator during a term of a collective bargaining agreement under certain circumstances; and establishing the process for mediation-arbitration.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Western Maryland Economic Future Investment Board and Senator George C. Edwards Fund - Alterations. Description: Altering the composition of the Western Maryland Economic Future Investment Board; establishing an Executive Director for the Board; and altering the manner in which decisions are made regarding certain proposals for funding.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Blueprint for Maryland's Future - Various Policies and Prekindergarten Enrollment and Funding - Alterations. Description: Delaying the school year by which a public school is required to collect a certain alternative income eligibility form until after the State Department of Education has adopted the form; altering the duties of an assistant principal on the career ladder; delaying the date on which county boards of education must select certain experts to write curriculum; altering the definition of a "Tier I child" who may be enrolled in a full-day prekindergarten program beginning in a certain school year to include children who are homeless; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Human Relations - Civil Rights Enforcement - Powers of the Attorney General. Description: Authorizing the Attorney General to investigate, prosecute, and remediate certain civil rights violations under certain circumstances and in a certain manner; authorizing the Attorney General to intervene in certain causes of action under certain circumstances; establishing certain penalties and authorizing the Attorney General to obtain certain relief in certain civil actions, conciliation agreements, and settlement agreements; establishing the Civil Rights Enforcement Fund; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Assisted Living Programs - Unlicensed Programs - Resident Abuse, Exploitation, and Neglect (The Senator Delores Kelley Residents of Unlicensed Programs Protection Act). Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health or the Office of Health Care Quality to investigate whether residents in an assisted living program have been subject to neglect, exploitation, or abuse, if the assisted living program is operating without a license; subjecting certain assisted living programs operating without a license to immediate prosecution under a certain provision of law under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Emergency Management - Consumer Protections Against Price Gouging. Description: Prohibiting a person from selling an essential good or service for more than a certain increase in price during and for a certain time after a certain state of emergency; and requiring the Secretary of State to establish an electronic notification system by which a person may register to receive information on whether a state of emergency has been declared and an executive order issued, that the provisions of the Act are in effect, and which categories of essential goods and services are covered by the executive order.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cigarettes - Wholesalers - Disclosure of Information. Description: Requiring each licensed cigarette wholesaler to submit complete and accurate information in the form and manner the Comptroller requires to facilitate compliance with certain provisions of law relating to cigarettes.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Bicounty Agencies - Commissioner Discipline, Disclosures, Training, and Ethics MC/PG 105-23. Description: Authorizing a bicounty commissioner and an applicant for the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission to submit certain financial statements to the Montgomery County Council electronically; authorizing the Council to discipline a Montgomery County commissioner under certain circumstances; prohibiting a Montgomery County commissioner from engaging in certain political activities while serving on the Commission; prohibiting the chair of the Montgomery County Planning Board from engaging in certain employment; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Sales – Revisions. Description: Authorizing the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to file a motion with a court to request that a certain certificate of sale be assigned to the governing body of the county or municipal corporation in a certain foreclosure action under certain circumstances; providing that, on a grant of the motion by the court, the holder of the certificate of sale forfeits certain rights and the amount paid to acquire the certificate of sale; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Equitech Growth Fund and Commission. Description: Establishing the Equitech Growth Fund in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to support the economic competitiveness and inclusive growth of emerging and advanced industries in the State through the creation of supporting infrastructure assets, resources, and a diverse workforce that builds the strengths of the State's economy; establishing the Equitech Growth Commission to create a strategic plan; requiring the Governor in each of fiscal years 2025 through 2033 to include $5,000,000 in the annual budget bill; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission – Minority Business Enterprise Utilization Program – Revisions and Extension MC/PG 101–23. Description: Revising the minority business enterprise utilization program within the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission, including altering the definition of "minority business enterprise", altering the duties of the Office of Supplier Diversity and Inclusion, and merging the program for design/build and construction contracts with the program for the procurement of goods and services; extending until July 1, 2028, provisions relating to procurement from minority business enterprises by the Commission; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B and Class C Beer, Wine, and Liquor Licenses, Inspections, Penalties, and Workgroup PG 302-23. Description: Authorizing the holder of a Class B beer, wine, and liquor license, a Class C (fraternal/sororal/service organization) beer, wine, and liquor license, or a Class C (veterans' organization or club) beer, wine and liquor license in Prince George's County to serve beer, wine, and liquor by the glass or by the bottle for on-premises consumption; establishing the Workgroup to Study Best Practices for Safe Event Promotion and the Leveraging of Alcoholic Beverages Licenses in Prince George's County; requiring a certain report by December 1, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Step Therapy or Fail-First Protocol and Prior Authorization - Revisions. Description: Requiring certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to establish a certain process for requesting an exception to a step therapy or fail-first protocol; prohibiting certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations from requiring more than a certain number of prior authorizations for a prescription for different dosages of the same prescription drug; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Electronic Health Networks and Electronic Medical Records - Nursing Homes - Release of Records. Description: Authorizing a nursing home that contracts with or uses an electronic health information network or electronic medical record vendor to direct the network or vendor to release electronic medical records and electronic health care transactions to a business associate of the nursing home.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Catastrophic Event Account - Unit of Local Government - Authorized Fund. Description: Making alterations to the Catastrophic Event Account to allow funds to be used by a unit of local government.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System - Membership - Emergency Medical Technicians. Description: Authorizing membership in the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System for certain emergency medical technicians under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers’ Pension System – Frostburg City Police Department. Description: Requiring membership in the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System for local law enforcement officers of the Frostburg City Police Department under certain circumstances; providing that an individual is entitled to eligibility service and creditable service that was earned before the effective date of the Frostburg City Police Department's participation in the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Offshore Wind Energy – State Goals and Procurement (Promoting Offshore Wind Energy Resources Act). Description: Requiring an application for any new qualified offshore wind project and a certain proposal for an offshore wind transmission facility to be subject to a certain community benefit agreement; requiring the Public Service Commission to request that PJM Interconnection conduct a certain analysis of transmission system upgrade and expansion options; establishing that the State be exempted from the renewable energy portfolio standard requirements under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore Regional Transit Commission - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Baltimore Regional Transit Commission to review and comment on annual budget requests of the Maryland Transit Administration, updates to the Central Maryland Transportation Plan, and certain annual reports and to perform other oversight and advocacy duties related to Baltimore region transit services; and requiring the Commission, by December 1 each year, to report its findings and recommendations on the Baltimore region transit systems to the Administration, the Governor, and the General Assembly.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission - Collective Bargaining Agreement Implementation - Dispute Arbitration MC/PG 103-23. Description: Altering the requirement that economic provisions of a certain final collective bargaining agreement for employees of the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission be subject to funding by the Montgomery County Council and the Prince George's County Council to instead require that certain terms and conditions of the final agreement be subject to approval by the Montgomery County Council and the Prince George's County Council; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Execution on a Judgment - Child Support Arrearages - Workers' Compensation. Description: Specifying that 25% of the net recovery by the debtor on a claim for workers' compensation is subject to execution on a judgment for a child support arrearage.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Institutions of Higher Education – Sports Wagering Contracts – Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting institutions of higher education from entering into a contract with a certain regulated gaming entity or a certain agent of a regulated gaming entity if the institution of higher education receives certain compensation for student participation in certain sports wagering; prohibiting institutions of higher education from entering into a contract with a sports marketing entity if the entity or the institution receives certain compensation for student participation in certain sports wagering; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Administrative Fees. Description: Altering the method by which administrative fees for participants in the State Retirement and Pension System are calculated by and remitted to the State Retirement and Pension System; and requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to provide certain notice to local participating employers.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Amortization of Unfunded Liabilities and Surpluses. Description: Altering the amortization periods to be used for certain unfunded liabilities or surpluses of the State Retirement and Pension System.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Towing or Removal - Parking Lots - Maximum Fees. Description: Clarifying the basis for determining the maximum amount for the fee that a vehicle owner can be charged by a person who undertakes the towing or removal of the vehicle from a parking lot.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Autonomous Vehicle Converters – Sale of Autonomous Vehicles. Description: Authorizing an autonomous vehicle converter to sell, transfer, lease, offer for sale, or resell a converted autonomous vehicle or a motor vehicle purchased with the intent to convert the motor vehicle into a converted autonomous vehicle; establishing that certain portions of the Act apply only to motor vehicles intended for commercial or industrial use; and prohibiting an autonomous vehicle converter from holding certain occupational vehicle licenses issued under the Maryland Vehicle Law.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Reproductive Health Protection Act. Description: Prohibiting a judge from requiring a person to give certain testimony or a statement or to produce evidence for a case involving an alleged violation of the criminal law of another state relating to health care that is legally protected in the State; prohibiting a judge from issuing an ex parte order to intercept certain communication for the purpose of investigating or recovering evidence related to legally protected health care, subject to a certain exception; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement – Minority Business Enterprise Program – Extension and Reports. Description: Altering to July 1, 2025, the termination date for certain provisions of law governing the Minority Business Enterprise Program and its application to offshore wind projects and video lottery terminals; and altering the date by which certain reports, studies, and guidelines must be submitted.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Testing for Fentanyl (The Josh Siems Act). Description: Requiring a hospital to include testing for fentanyl as part of a urine drug screening; and requiring the hospital, if a urine drug screening detects fentanyl, to report the deidentified test results  to the Maryland Department of Health through the State-designated health information exchange.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health - Reproductive Health Services - Protected Information and Insurance Requirements. Description: Regulating the disclosure of certain information related to legally protected health care by custodians of public records, health information exchanges, and electronic health networks; requiring that the regulations adopted by the Maryland Health Care Commission regarding clinical information to be exchanged through the State-designated exchange restrict data of patients who have obtained legally protected health care; establishing the Protected Health Care Commission; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange - State-Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program - Sunset Extension. Description: Extending the termination date of certain provisions of law that establish and govern the funding for the State-Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program; and requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange, in consultation with the Maryland Insurance Administration, to conduct a study on available federal and State subsidies and report its findings and recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cancer Screening - Health Insurance and Assessment of Outreach, Education, and Health Disparities. Description: Requiring insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to provide coverage for certain lung cancer diagnostic imaging and limiting the copayment, coinsurance, or deductible that the entities can require for lung cancer screening and diagnosis; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to conduct an assessment on certain outreach, education, and health disparities in cancer screening and report the results to the General Assembly by January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Procurement - Minority Business Enterprises and Veteran-Owned Small Business Enterprises - Participation Goal Scorecard. Description: Requiring the Governor's Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to develop a scorecard to evaluate units of State government on the units' performance toward meeting certain participation goals under the Minority Business Enterprise Program and the Veteran-Owned Small Business Enterprise Program; establishing a certain grading scale for the scorecard; and requiring grades achieved by each unit to be published each year on the Office's website.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Regulation Procedures and the Maryland Register. Description: Requiring the Division of State Documents to make at least the 15 most recent issues of the Maryland Register available to the public for online searching; altering the requirements for a unit of State government to submit certain proposed or emergency regulations, work plans, and evaluation reports to the Joint Committee on Administrative, Executive, and Legislative Review, the Department of Legislative Services, and the Administrator of the Division of State Documents; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Off-Street Parking Requirements Near Mass Transit Stations MC/PG 106-23. Description: Prohibiting the Montgomery County district council from adopting or enforcing a local law that requires the creation of new off-street parking for a residential development that is located within a 0.25-mile radius of a present or planned Metro or Purple Line station.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Maryland Route 200 (Intercounty Connector) - Speed Limit Enforcement MC 8-23. Description: Requiring the placement and use of four devices that display a real-time posting of the speed at which a driver is traveling along each roadway on Maryland Route 200 (Intercounty Connector) in Montgomery County; requiring the Maryland Transportation Authority to increase speed limit enforcement efforts and to collect data on speeding violations on Maryland Route 200 (Intercounty Connector) in Montgomery County; and requiring the Maryland Transportation Authority to report by December 31, 2024, on enforcement efforts and the data collected.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Mental Health Law - Assisted Outpatient Treatment Programs. Description: Authorizing a county to establish an assisted outpatient treatment program; defining "assisted outpatient treatment" as a specific regimen of outpatient treatment for a mental health disorder to which an individual is ordered by the court to adhere; requiring the Office of the Public Defender to provide representation in assisted outpatient treatment proceedings; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Regulated Firearms - Possession and Permits to Carry, Wear, and Transport a Handgun. Description: Altering the penalty for a violation of the prohibition on wearing, carrying, or transporting a handgun; requiring the State Commission on Criminal Sentencing Policy to annually report certain information to the Governor and General Assembly; requiring the Department of State Police to transmit a certain summary of certain laws relating to firearms to certain persons; requiring the Secretary of State Police, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Maryland Department of Health, to develop a certain curriculum; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Town of Forest Heights (Prince George's County) - Urban Renewal Authority for Blight Clearance PG 410-23. Description: Granting the Town of Forest Heights in Prince George's County the authority to exercise urban renewal powers in areas zoned for commercial use for blight clearance and redevelopment under Article III, Section 61 of the Maryland Constitution; and authorizing the municipality to levy certain taxes and issue general obligation bonds and revenue bonds to carry out urban renewal powers.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Statewide Rental Assistance Voucher Program – Establishment. Description: Establishing a Statewide Rental Assistance Voucher Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development to provide vouchers and housing assistance payments for low-income families that are on a waiting list under the federal Housing Choice Voucher Program; requiring the Department and public housing agencies to administer the State Program; requiring the Governor, for fiscal years 2025, 2026, and 2027, to include in the annual budget bill $10,000,000 for the State Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's Gateway Development Authority - Established. Description: Establishing the Prince George's Gateway Development Authority in Prince George's County to support and develop a certain neighborhood revitalization plan in coordination with certain residents; and requiring the Authority to report its comprehensive neighborhood revitalization strategy to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly on or before October 31, 2025.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Construction - Electric Vehicle Charging. Description: Establishing and altering certain requirements related to the installation of equipment for the charging of electric vehicles during the construction of certain housing units; clarifying that a county or municipal corporation may require a greater number of electric vehicle parking spaces; requiring the Maryland Energy Administration to study certain issues related to the installation of electric vehicle parking spaces at multifamily residential buildings and submit a report to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2023; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Homeowners Associations - Recorded Liens - Voting Prohibition. Description: Authorizing a homeowners association to include in its governing documents a provision prohibiting a lot owner from voting at a meeting if the homeowners association has recorded a statement of lien on the lot owner's property and the amount necessary to release the lien has not been paid at the time of the meeting.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure - Requirements (Electric Vehicle Charging Reliability Act). Description: Requiring the Public Service Commission to expand the EV Pilot Program to allow participating electric companies to install EV charging stations in multifamily dwellings in underserved communities; requiring the Commission to terminate the expansion of the EV Pilot Program on December 31, 2025; requiring an electric company operating an EV charging network to ensure the EV charging stations in the EV charging network maintain certain uptime standards, subject to certain exceptions; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore Regional Water Governance Task Force. Description: Establishing the Baltimore Regional Water Governance Task Force to study approaches to water and wastewater governance in the Baltimore region; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Mayor of Baltimore City, the County Executive of Baltimore County, the Governor, and the General Assembly on or before January 30, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Common Ownership Community Website. Description: Requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to establish and maintain a website that provides certain information on the rights and responsibilities of individuals living in a common ownership community.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Drinking Water - Indirect Potable Reuse Pilot Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Indirect Potable Reuse Pilot Program in the Department of the Environment for the purpose of authorizing the regulated use of reclaimed water as a source for drinking water treatment facilities; providing for the issuance of potable reuse permits under the Pilot Program; applying certain public participation requirements to potable reuse permits; requiring the Department to submit a report on the status of the Pilot Program to the Governor and General Assembly on or before December 31, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: School Bus Stops - Violations - Enforcement and Safety Measures. Description: Requiring a law enforcement agency to issue a warning for certain first violation on State highways enforced by school bus monitoring cameras; and requiring the State Highway Administration to develop a certain plan for improved safety measures at certain school bus stops in Montgomery County and to report its findings to certain persons on or before December 31, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Control Over Powers of Police Commissioner. Description: Repealing a prohibition on certain Baltimore City ordinances or acts of certain municipal officials from conflicting, impeding, obstructing, hindering, or interfering with the powers of the Baltimore City Police Commissioner.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Private Home Detention Monitoring - Notification. Description: Requiring a private home detention monitoring agency to immediately notify the court after a defendant subject to home monitoring as a condition of pretrial release has been missing for 24 hours; requiring a private home detention monitoring agency to immediately notify the Division of Parole and Probation upon determining that an individual subject to home monitoring as a condition of probation has been missing for 24 hours; establishing the Workgroup on Home Detention Monitoring; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Chief Medical Examiner - Corrections to Autopsy Findings and Conclusions. Description: Altering, from 60 days to 180 days, the time period after a medical examiner files findings and conclusions resulting from an autopsy during which a person in interest may request the medical examiner to correct findings and conclusions on the cause and manner of death recorded on a certificate of death.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Collection of Unpaid Property Taxes. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to establish an installment payment program for taxes in arrears on residential property; authorizing the Mayor of Baltimore City to cancel the annual tax sale; authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to establish a program to divert residential property from the private tax lien sale process into an alternative program for the payment of taxes in arrears; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of the Environment - Study on Deathcare and Funeral Practices. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment, in consultation with the Maryland Department of Health and the Maryland Department of Labor, to conduct a study of the environmental and public health impacts of deathcare and funeral practices in the State; and requiring the Department to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by October 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Division of Rehabilitation Services and Developmental Disabilities Administration - Memorandum of Understanding. Description: Requiring the Division of Rehabilitation Services in the State Department of Education and the Developmental Disabilities Administration in the Maryland Department of Health to enter into a memorandum of understanding, the terms of which shall include a data sharing agreement for the medical and psychological records of mutual clients in order to expedite decisions regarding eligibility for services.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission - Service Near Regional Transit Districts and Neighborhood Centers in Prince George's County - Contracts MC/PG 111-23. Description: Authorizing the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission to enter into contracts with the District of Columbia or the District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority for the construction, maintenance, and operation of a water supply, sewer, or drainage system for certain property located within a certain distance of a certain mass transit rail station and a regional transit district or neighborhood center in Prince George's County; and requiring that a contract entered into under the Act include and address certain items.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission - Prince George's County - Commissioner Qualifications MC/PG 108-23. Description: Requiring certain qualifications for a certain number of commissioners of the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission from Prince George's County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Attorney General - Environmental and Natural Resources Crimes Unit - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Environmental and Natural Resources Crimes Unit of the Office of the Attorney General to investigate and prosecute cases against persons that violate State criminal environmental and natural resources laws; and requiring the Attorney General, by November 30 each year, to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on all the activities of the Unit and any actions taken by the Department of the Environment or the Department of Natural Resources in response to the findings and recommendations of the Unit.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maternal Mortality Review Program - Local Teams - Access to Records. Description: Requiring certain health care providers and health care facilities to provide prompt access to all relevant medical records associated with a case under review by the Maternal Mortality Review Program without undue delay; and providing that certain provisions of law related to the confidentiality of medical records do not apply to certain disclosures made to a local team.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Student Telehealth Appointments - Policy and Access. Description: Requiring each county board of education to establish a policy to accommodate students who need to participate in telehealth appointments during the school day; requiring each public middle and high school to designate a space that meets certain requirements for student telehealth appointments; and requiring each county board to ensure that the local school system publishes the student telehealth policy in the student handbook and makes school personnel aware of the objectives and requirements of the policy.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Insurance - Certificates of Guarantee for County Bond Requirements. Description: Authorizing Baltimore City to honor certificates of guarantee that are issued by certain associations or on behalf of certain contractors in order to satisfy certain county bond requirements; and providing that Baltimore City is not required under certain provisions of law to honor certain certificates of guarantee.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Related Event Promoter's Permit. Description: Clarifying that the defined term "related event" as it applies to a related event promoter's permit in Baltimore City includes events for which tickets are sold in advance or at the door or cover charges are imposed; reducing the number of days within which a person must apply for a permit, the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City must take certain actions relating to the permit, and alterations may be made to the permit; and altering the standards for determining the permit fee.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 40th District - Alcoholic Beverages. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a Class C beer, wine, and liquor license in a certain area of the 40th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City to the holder of a Class C beer and light wine license under certain circumstances; prohibiting certain license holders in certain areas of the 40th alcoholic beverages district from selling alcoholic beverages at certain times of day; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Video Lottery Employee Licenses - Crimes of Moral Turpitude - Alterations. Description: Altering the circumstances under which the State Lottery and Gaming Control Commission is required to disqualify an applicant who committed a crime involving moral turpitude from holding a video lottery employee license.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary’s County – Metropolitan Commission – New Facilities. Description: Requiring the St. Mary's County Metropolitan Commission to obtain the approval from the Commissioners of St. Mary's County before submitting a loan application where the Commission seeks to incur debt upon the full faith and credit of the county; requiring the Commission to cause studies, plans, and estimates to be made for new facilities in certain portions of the county; requiring any excess revenue made by the Commission in the sale or transfer of certain debt to be exempt from taxation; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment - Comprehensive Flood Management Grant Program - Funding for Underserved and Overburdened Communities. Description: Requiring at least 40% of funding provided under the comprehensive flood management grant program to be used for projects located in or directly benefiting underserved or overburdened communities in fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter; and authorizing the Governor to include in the annual State budget an appropriation of up to $20,000,000 for the comprehensive flood management grant program in fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax Appeals - Commercial and Industrial Property - Fees. Description: Requiring certain filing fees when filing an appeal of a property tax assessment or classification of commercial or industrial property with an assessed value greater than $1,000,000; and requiring the filing fees to be refunded to the appellant when the assessment or classification of the property is changed in the appellant's favor as a result of the appeal.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Homeowners' Property Tax Credit - Qualified Homeowner - Application and Certification Requirements. Description: Altering the application requirements for the homeowners' tax credit to allow homeowners with certain types of income to file an application every 3 years, subject to a certain certification requirement; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Administrator of Elections - Term, Vacancy in Office, and Removal From Office. Description: Establishing the term of office of the State Administrator of Elections; requiring the deputy administrator to serve as State Administrator if there is a vacancy in the office of State Administrator due to certain causes; altering requirements for the removal from office of the State Administrator; repealing the authority of the State Administrator to continue to serve in office until a successor is appointed and confirmed following a certain vote for removal of the State Administrator; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Online Products and Services - Children's Data. Description: Requiring a business that offers an online product likely to be accessed by children to complete a certain data protection impact assessment by April 1, 2025, under certain circumstances; prohibiting a business from offering a certain online product before completing a data protection impact assessment; requiring businesses to document certain risks associated with certain online products; requiring certain privacy protections for certain online products; prohibiting certain data collection and sharing practices; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Workers' Compensation - Hernia. Description: Establishing that a hernia caused as a result of repetitive trauma may be considered an occupational disease and be compensable subject to certain provisions of the workers' compensation law.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County Alcoholic Beverages Act of 2023. Description: Altering a certain condition under which the Board of License Commissioners of Garrett County may issue a certain alcoholic beverages license to a hotel or motel; authorizing a gift basket permit holder to purchase certain alcoholic beverages from a wholesaler; authorizing a holder of a Class C multiple day beer license, beer and wine license, or beer, wine, and liquor license to hold another license that is issued by the Board; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Out-of-Service Elevators - Repair Contract. Description: Authorizing a landlord or landlord's agent or property owner or property owner's agent to enter into a contract with an elevator contractor other than the elevator contractor with whom the landlord has a contract if the elevator is located in a residential occupancy in which a disabled occupant or an occupant who is at least 60 years old resides, the elevator is out of service, and the contractor is able to repair the elevator before the contractor with whom the landlord has a contract.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity - Community Solar Energy Generating Systems Program and Property Taxes. Description: Making permanent the Community Solar Energy Generating Systems Pilot Program; requiring a community solar energy generating system to serve at least 40% of its kilowatt-hour output to low-income and moderate-income subscribers under certain circumstances; authorizing a subscription coordinator to act on behalf of a subscriber organization; altering requirements related to the siting and size of certain community solar energy generating systems projects; authorizing the use of consolidated billing for certain charges; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Commission of Real Estate Appraisers, Appraisal Management Companies, and Home Inspectors - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Commission of Real Estate Appraisers, Appraisal Management Companies, and Home Inspectors in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2026, the termination provisions relating to certain statutory and regulatory authority of the Commission; and requiring an independent evaluation of the Commission to be conducted in consultation with the Office of Program Evaluation and Government Accountability in the Department of Legislative Services.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Energy Storage - Targets and Maryland Energy Storage Program - Establishment. Description: Requiring the Public Service Commission to establish certain targets for the deployment of new energy storage devices in the State; requiring the Commission to establish and implement the Maryland Energy Storage Program to meet certain energy storage goals and develop a certain energy storage system in the State; and requiring the Commission to submit a certain report to the General Assembly by December 31, 2023, regarding the implementation of the Maryland Energy Storage Program and any needed statutory changes.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Student Financing Companies - Required Registration and Reporting. Description: Requiring student financing companies to register with the Commissioner of Financial Regulation before providing services in the State; requiring a student financing company to renew its registration on an annual basis; authorizing the Commissioner to adopt registration procedures for student financing companies, which may include certain fees; and requiring student financing companies to annually report certain information, to be made publicly accessible on a certain website, to the Commissioner beginning March 15, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission – Judicial Review – Proceedings. Description: Clarifying that a certain proceeding for judicial review of a final decision or order by the Public Service Commission may be instituted in a circuit court for a county in which the public service company that is a party to the proceeding provides service or in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Violation Procedures and Fines. Description: Establishing procedures for the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City, in the case of an alleged complaint against a licensed establishment or license holder, to make an offer of a monetary penalty as a compromise in lieu of a hearing before the Board under certain circumstances; and altering the maximum penalty for certain alcoholic beverages violations.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - 46th Alcoholic Beverages District - Revisions. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to approve a license expansion to a noncontiguous property with a second separate use permit issued by the City if a certain condition is met; authorizing the establishment and conversion of various alcoholic beverages licenses in the 46th alcoholic beverages district; extending for 1 year the expiration of an alcoholic beverage licenses issued for  certain areas for certain transferal and renewal purposes; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Commercial Use - Definition. Description: Defining "commercial use" in Baltimore City to include multifamily residential development if the development is located within a waterfront commercial zoning district and within a 0.50-mile radius of a commuter rail station.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Motor Vehicle Glass Repair or Replacement - Advanced Driver Assistance System Recalibration. Description: Establishing consumer protections related to the repair or replacement of motor vehicle glass on motor vehicles equipped with an advanced driver assistance system; and establishing that a violation of the Act is an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Property Tax - In Rem Foreclosure of Vacant or Nuisance Property. Description: Authorizing certain vacant property or nuisance property located in Baltimore City to be subject to a certain in rem foreclosure process; requiring certain procedures for an in rem foreclosure; requiring Baltimore City to take certain actions to compensate the interested parties in property that has value and is acquired through an in rem foreclosure; specifying the title acquired in an in rem foreclosure; and specifying the circumstances under which an in rem foreclosure judgment may be reopened.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Program Participation - Cannabis Business Establishments. Description: Prohibiting the Department of Commerce from denying certain cannabis business entities conducting business in the State certain economic development program benefits under certain circumstances; clarifying the eligibility of certain cannabis business entities conducting business in the State under the Job Creation and One Maryland programs; authorizing certain cannabis business entities to reapply for benefits under certain economic development programs; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Appointment of Secretary and Student Financial Assistance - Accommodations at Public Institutions for Religious Beliefs. Description: Providing that the Secretary of Higher Education is appointed by and serves at the pleasure of the Governor; requiring each institution of higher education to adopt a written policy that provides reasonable academic accommodations for students to practice sincerely held faith-based or religious beliefs; altering eligibility criteria for and the process for awards from the Delegate Howard P. Rawlings Program of Educational Excellence Awards; altering the administration of the Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Eastern Shore Code Counties - Maximum Hotel Rental Tax Rate - Alteration. Description: Increasing, from 5% to 6%, the maximum hotel rental tax rate that counties in the Eastern Shore class of code counties may impose.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Antlerless Deer Hunting Programs - Authorization. Description: Authorizing an individual to sell, offer for sale, barter, or exchange an antlerless deer acquired as the result of participation in a raffle program in the State held during the month of January that has the objective of harvesting an antlerless deer.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Sunday Sales. Description: Altering the hours during which a licensee may sell alcoholic beverages on Sundays in Frederick County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Main Street Laurel Development PG 404-23. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County to issue up to five Class B-DD (Development District) beer, wine, and liquor licenses for restaurants located within the Main Street Laurel development.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County - Property Tax - Credit for Volunteer Emergency Responders. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Charles County to grant, by law, a  tax credit against the property tax imposed on the owner-occupied residence of certain emergency responders and their surviving spouses if the federal adjusted gross income of the emergency responder or the unmarried surviving spouse for the immediately preceding taxable years is $150,000 or less; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Registration - Exceptions for Golf Carts - Cobb Island. Description: Establishing exceptions to motor vehicle registration requirements for golf carts on Cobb Island in Charles County; requiring an operator of a golf cart on a highway on Cobb Island without a certain registration to operate the golf cart only on a highway with a maximum posted speed limit of 30 miles per hour and between dawn and dusk; requiring the vehicle to be equipped with certain lighting devices and to be kept to the far right of the roadway; and requiring the operator to possess a valid driver's license.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Native Plants Program. Description: Establishing the Maryland Native Plants Program to respond to the increasing demand for, use of, and sale of native plants at retail garden centers and wholesale nurseries and to educate the public on native plants; requiring the Department of Agriculture to administer the Program in coordination with the University of Maryland Extension and to establish the "Maryland Natives" marketing program; requiring the University of Maryland Extension to hire an extension agent to serve as a native plant specialist for certain purposes; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employee and Retiree Health Benefits - Creditable Service. Description: Requiring the inclusion of all State service while an individual was employed by the State in the Executive, Legislative, or Judicial Branch of government for the purpose of determining eligibility for State retiree health benefits.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Manufacturers and Dealers - Allocation of Vehicles. Description: Requiring that any system operated by a vehicle manufacturer, distributor, or factory branch or affiliate for allocating new vehicles to dealers be reasonable and fair for all dealers; establishing that, in any dispute over compliance with the Act, a manufacturer, distributor, or factory branch or its affiliate has the burden of proving its compliance; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Physicians and Allied Health Professions - Reorganization and Revisions. Description: Repealing obsolete and redundant language in, clarifying language in, and reorganizing certain provisions of law governing the State Board of Physicians and the regulation of physicians, physician assistants, and allied health professionals; authorizing the Board to regulate the allied health committees; and repealing the requirement that the Board provide a certain data sheet.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Sales - Data Collection - County Funding. Description: Prohibiting the State Department of Assessments and Taxation from disbursing or authorizing the disbursement of certain funds to a county if the county has not provided certain information concerning its tax sales; altering the taxable year for which the Department is required to obtain certain information concerning county tax sales; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: General Provisions - Commemorative Days - Dashain Day. Description: Requiring the Governor annually to proclaim October 5 as Dashain Day, a festival originating in Nepal that celebrates and symbolizes victory of good over evil.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission – Cybersecurity Staffing and Assessments (Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity Act of 2023). Description: Requiring the Public Service Commission to include on its staff one or more employees that are experts in cybersecurity to perform certain duties; requiring the Commission to establish, in coordination with the Office of Security Management, cybersecurity standards and best practices for regulated entities; requiring each public service company to report a cybersecurity incident to certain entities; requiring the State Security Operations Center to immediately notify certain agencies of a certain reported cybersecurity incident; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Upper Shore Regional Council - Membership. Description: Altering the membership of certain voting and nonvoting members of the Upper Shore Regional Council.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup on Mold Standards and Remediation. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Mold Standards and Remediation to study information on mold assessment and remediation to determine the best practices for identifying mold, preventing the development of mold within indoor environments, and remediating indoor molding conditions harmful to public health; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by October 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Office of the Chief Medical Examiner. Description: Establishing the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in the Maryland Department of Health to advance forensic science and carry out other duties as provided by law; renaming the State Postmortem Examiners Commission to be the Postmortem Examiners Advisory Committee; requiring and authorizing the Department and the Office to perform certain duties and powers previously performed by the Commission; authorizing the Department to contract with a physician for employment with the Office on a per diem basis; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Municipal Elections – Candidates – Reports of Donations and Disbursements. Description: Requiring a municipality, except under certain circumstances, to require candidates for municipal office to file reports of donations and disbursements; requiring a municipality to transmit a copy of each report that is filed to the State Board of Elections, within 5 days after the filing deadline for each report; requiring the State Board to make the reports publicly available on its website; and requiring, at the request of a municipality, the State Board to provide advice and training to the municipality on the implementation of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Probation, Parole, and Pretrial Release Violations - Cannabis Use. Description: Prohibiting a court from revoking a defendant's pretrial release or finding that a defendant has violated probation, and the Maryland Parole Commission from finding that a parolee has violated parole, based solely on the use of cannabis or a positive cannabis test unless the court or Commission, at the time of ordering pretrial release, makes a finding that the use of cannabis could create a danger to the defendant or others and includes as a condition of pretrial release, probation, or parole that the defendant may not use cannabis.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employees – Programs and Scholarships for Human Services Careers and Probation Agents and State Contributions to Supplemental Retirement Plans. Description: Establishing the Pilot Program for Human Services Careers; altering the eligibility criteria for the Maryland Loan Assistance Repayment Program for Police Officers and the Maryland Police Officers Scholarship Program to include probation agents who work for the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services; establishing the Pilot Program for Human Services Careers Scholarship; requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to make awards from the Human Services Careers Scholarship Pilot Program in fiscal year 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hunting, Wildlife Conservation, and Outdoor Recreation - Funding, Promotion, Management, Licenses, Permits, and Stamps. Description: Altering the purpose of the Heritage Conservation Fund to include acquiring interests in land that can be used by the general public for hunting; establishing the Wildlife Conservation, Education, and Outreach Program to provide outreach and foster an interest in outdoor recreation and stewardship, hunting, and wildlife conservation; establishing a stamp for hunting sika deer; authorizing a nonresident attending a college or university in the State to purchase a resident hunting license; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Employee Relations Act. Description: Consolidating and altering certain laws governing collective bargaining for certain public employees, including laws related to the establishment of bargaining units, election and certification of exclusive representatives, employee and employer rights, unfair labor practices, and strikes and lockouts; establishing the Public Employee Relations Board to oversee collective bargaining activities for certain public employees; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages – Use of Alcoholic Beverages for Educational Purposes. Description: Authorizing certain students who are at least 18 years old and under the age of 21 years to taste certain alcoholic beverages while participating in a course or program in enology, fermenting, brewing, or hospitality and tourism offered by a qualified institution of higher education without criminal penalty to the student, instructor, or institution of higher education under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family and Medical Leave Insurance Program - Modifications. Description: Modifying the Family and Medical Leave Insurance Program by clarifying and altering certain provisions relating to the administration of the Program; establishing the employer and employee shares of the total rate of contribution; prohibiting the total rate of contribution from exceeding 1.2% of an employee's wages; requiring the State to pay for certain contributions for certain covered employees; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to reimburse certain community providers for certain employer contributions in a certain manner; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County – Alcoholic Beverages – Miniature Golf Course License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue a Class B-MGC (miniature golf course) beer, wine, and liquor license to a miniature golf course under certain circumstances; authorizing a license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption under certain circumstances; requiring a license holder to submit an annual gross sales report for alcohol, golf games and food to the Board before a license may be renewed; and providing an annual license fee of $1,500.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Frederick County – Alcoholic Beverages – Class B–HTF (Hatchet Throwing Facility) License. Description: Establishing a Class B-HTF (hatchet throwing facility) beer and wine license in Frederick County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue the license; and providing a license fee of $160.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Basket of Cheer. Description: Repealing the requirement in Frederick County that alcoholic beverages in a basket of cheer be produced in Maryland.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Consumption Permits. Description: Altering the quantity of certain alcoholic beverages an individual may consume under certain consumption permits issued in Frederick County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations - Filing Requirements for Dissolution and Termination of Registration or Qualification - Repeal. Description: Repealing certain provisions of law applicable to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation that prohibit the acceptance of articles of dissolution and issuance of a certificate of termination for certain corporations unless certain reports on personal property are filed with the Department; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Alcohol and Tobacco Commission – Updates. Description: Requiring a person to hold a common carrier permit to ship premium cigars or pipe tobacco in the State; authorizing the Executive Director of the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission to take certain action regarding a certain license if the use of the licensed premises does not conform to certain provisions of law; authorizing the Executive Director to conduct certain inspections and searches without a warrant; requiring a study on identifying and eliminating barriers to minority participation in the alcoholic beverages industry; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commercial Vehicles - Police-Initiated Towing - Alterations. Description: Altering certain provisions related to the rates the Department of State Police sets for tow companies involved in certain police-initiated towing; establishing the Committee on Rate Setting and Complaint Resolution for Police-Initiated Medium-Duty and Heavy-Duty Towing and Recovery; and requiring the Committee, on or before December 1, 2023, to recommend approved rates to the Department of State Police that should be charged for police-initiated towing and recovery services.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Sanitary District - Authorization. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Wicomico County to create a sanitary district.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County – Archery Hunting – Safety Zone and Position of Archery Hunter Ho. Co. 15–23. Description: Reducing from 150 yards to 50 yards the size of the safety zone for archery hunters in Howard County who are under the authority of a deer management permit or who are actively participating in a hunting program administered by the county within which archery hunting may not take place except under certain circumstances; and requiring certain archery hunters in Howard County to be in an elevated position when hunting any wild bird or mammal within 50 to 150 yards of certain buildings.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Highway Administration - Vegetation Management - Pollinator Habitat Plan. Description: Requiring the State Highway Administration to develop a certain pollinator habitat plan for the maintenance of vegetated areas along State highways and interstate highways that the Administration is responsible for maintaining; requiring the Administration to apply for federal funding that may be used to support the use of pollinator-friendly native plants along State highways and the interstate highways that the Administration is responsible for maintaining; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety – Refrigerants – Limitations on Use. Description: Providing that, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except for regulations issued by the Department of the Environment, no provision of the State building code or other law or regulation may prohibit or otherwise limit the use of a refrigerant if the refrigerant is designated as acceptable for use under federal listing requirements and any appliance containing the refrigerant meets federal safety standards and use conditions.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation - Fees for Legal Services. Description: Requiring the Workers' Compensation Commission, if there is no compensation payable to a covered employee and the covered employee is awarded a medical benefit at a hearing, to order the employer or its insurer, a self-insured employer, or the Uninsured Employers' Fund to pay a fee of not more than $2,000 for legal services rendered on behalf of the covered employee.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Land Use - Development of Neglected Property PG 406-23. Description: Authorizing Prince George's County to exercise powers of eminent domain to acquire and develop or redevelop, for a public purpose, certain neglected property located in the county that has been designated as a transit-oriented development and is located within a business improvement district; and prohibiting land or property taken by the county through the use of eminent domain under the provisions of the Act to be taken without just compensation, as agreed on between the parties, or awarded by a jury.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Protection of Identity of Minor Victim. Description: Requiring, with a certain exception, a party or nonparty making a certain filing in a criminal or juvenile delinquency case to redact certain identifying information relating to a minor victim that appears in the filing; and authorizing the Supreme Court of Maryland to adopt rules to require or authorize a person making a redacted filing under the Act to also file an unredacted copy under seal.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Energy Efficiency and Conservation Plans and Green and Healthy Task Force. Description: Requiring each electric company and gas company and the Department of Housing and Community Development to develop a plan for achieving certain energy efficiency, conservation, and greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets through certain programs and services; requiring the Public Service Commission to establish and determine certain greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets; establishing the Green and Healthy Task Force to analyze and advance the coordination of resources to address the housing needs of low-income communities; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Juvenile Services Education Program - Transfer of Locally Employed Educational Professionals. Description: Requiring educational professionals employed by a county board of education, the Baltimore City Board of School Commissioners, or a county public library system who transfer to the Juvenile Services Education Program to be given credit as State employees for certain years of service for the purpose of establishing leave accrual rates; authorizing an individual who transfers to the Program to transfer leave balances in excess of a certain limit under certain circumstances; and applying the Act retroactively.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation – Assaults on Public Transit Operators – Report. Description: Requiring the Maryland Transit Administration to submit a report by December 1, 2023, and each year thereafter on assaults on public transit operators to each local executive authority, the State's Attorney for each county, and certain committees of the General Assembly; and requiring the report to include information on the nature of each assault, the mode of transit involved, the location of the assault, whether the police were involved, and the outcome of any investigation.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Information Act - Decisions of the State Public Information Act Compliance Board - Appeals. Description: Authorizing an applicant to appeal a certain decision issued by the State Public Information Compliance Board; authorizing a party aggrieved by a final judgment of a circuit court in a proceeding for judicial review of a certain decision of the Board to appeal to the Appellate Court of Maryland.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Security Guard Agencies, Security Guard Employers, and Security Guards – Standards and Certifications. Description: Requiring an individual who provides security guard services to the individual's employer to be certified as a security guard, subject to a certain exception; regulating certain security guard employers; altering the certification and renewal standards for security guards; requiring the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to identify or establish certain training programs for the certification and renewal of certification of security guards; requiring security guards to complete certain security training programs; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B-HTF (Hatchet Throwing Facility) License. Description: Establishing a Class B-HTF beer and wine license in Harford County that authorizes certain hatchet throwing facilities to sell beer and wine at retail for on-premises consumption; and providing an annual license fee of $750.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Performing Arts Theater License. Description: Establishing in Harford County a performing arts theater beer and wine license that authorizes the holder to sell or serve beer and wine in certain performing arts theaters at retail for on-premises consumption; and establishing an annual license fee of $500.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cremations - Natural Organic Reduction - Regulation. Description: Authorizing the Director of the Office of Cemetery Oversight and the State Board of Morticians and Funeral Directors to adopt regulations establishing a process for regulating crematories that utilize natural organic reduction.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Alteration of License Quota. Description: Altering the quota used to determine the maximum number of certain alcoholic beverages licenses that the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County may issue from one for every 3,000 individuals to one for every 4,000 individuals.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: University System of Maryland - Affiliated Foundations. Description: Providing that certain officials or employees of the University System of Maryland, constituent institutions, centers, or institutes are not barred under certain laws from holding certain employment positions with certain affiliated foundations under certain conditions.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class HC (Health Club) License. Description: Establishing a 6-day and a 7-day Class HC (health club) beer and wine license in Harford County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the license to a person who sells health club services; exempting the holder of the license from certain distance requirements related to places of worship and schools; establishing an annual fee of $1,300 for a 6-day license and $1,400 for a 7-day license; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Home Amenity Rentals - Sales and Use Tax Imposed and Local Tax Authorized. Description: Applying the sales and use tax to a sale or use of certain home amenity rentals; and authorizing a county or municipality to impose a certain home amenity rental tax under certain circumstances and subject to certain limitations.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hate Crimes - Commission on Hate Crime Response and Prevention - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Commission on Hate Crime Response and Prevention to develop strategies to prevent and respond to hate crime activity and evaluate State laws and policies relating to hate crimes; and requiring the Commission to report to the General Assembly on or before December 1 each year, beginning in 2024, on legislative recommendations to address hate crimes in the State.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law and Procedure - Cannabis - Fines for Smoking in Public, Stops, and Searches. Description: Altering the maximum fines for smoking cannabis in a public place; prohibiting a law enforcement officer from initiating a stop or a search of a person, a motor vehicle, or a vessel based solely on certain factors; prohibiting, under certain circumstances, a law enforcement officer from conducting a search of a certain area of a motor vehicle or vessel; providing that evidence obtained in violation of certain provisions of the Act is not admissible in certain proceedings; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Automated External Defibrillator Tax Credit. Description: Allowing an individual or a business entity to claim a credit against the State income tax for the first $500 of the purchase price of an automated external defibrillator purchased for use at a restaurant location in the State with annual gross income of at least $400,000; prohibiting the credit from being claimed more than once by any individual or business entity for each restaurant location; and providing certain other limitations.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Emergency Management - Office of Domestic Terrorism Response. Description: Establishing the Office of Domestic Terrorism Response within the Maryland Department of Emergency Management for the purpose of implementing measures to prepare for, prevent, and recover from domestic terrorism and hate crimes; requiring the Maryland Task Force on Preventing and Countering Domestic Terrorism to serve in an advisory role for the Office; and requiring the Department to report annually by December 1 to the Governor and the General Assembly on the Office's activities, proposed legislation, and required resources.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of State Police - Reproducing or Distributing Logo for Commercial Purposes - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a person, without the authority of the Secretary of State Police, from reproducing or distributing for commercial purposes a shield, badge, or shoulder patch adopted by the Department of State Police to be worn by its members.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Property Tax Credit - Offset of Annual Tax Increases PG 412-23. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Prince George's County or the governing body of a municipal corporation in Prince George's County to grant a property tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on a dwelling that is owned by a homeowner who has an annual gross income of $70,000 or less; and requiring the property tax credit to be of a sufficient amount to ensure that the total amount of real property taxes on the dwelling does not annually increase.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Board of Education and School System Revisions PG 502-23. Description: Altering the duties and responsibilities of the Prince George's County Board of Education and certain officers of the county board; altering the voting authority of the student board member; requiring the county board to retain counsel and pay certain counsel fees and expenses incurred for defending a member in litigation involving a member's service in the member's official capacity on the county board under certain circumstances; altering certain procedures for the election of the student member of the county board; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Oyster Inspection and Severance Taxes - Increase. Description: Increasing the amount of the inspection tax levied on marketable oysters shipped in the shell to any place outside the State from 30 cents to $1 per bushel; increasing the amount of the severance tax levied on oysters caught within certain natural oyster bars from $1 to $2 per bushel; repealing a certain requirement that a certain tax increase be used for the oyster seed program; and requiring that $1 of each $2 of the severance tax levied be used by certain county oyster committees for the repletion of natural oyster bars.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Sunday Hunting and Archery Hunting Safety Zones. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person to hunt game birds and mammals on each Sunday of the game bird and game mammal seasons from 30 minutes before sunrise until 10:30 a.m. in Wicomico County; authorizing the Department to allow Sunday hunting in Wicomico County on public land, subject to certain time restrictions; and adding Wicomico County to the list of counties in which the safety zone for archery hunters extends 50 yards from certain structures occupied by human beings.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Property Tax Exemption - Real Property Owned by Fire Company or Rescue Squad. Description: Altering a certain exemption from property tax for real property that is located in Baltimore County that is owned by an incorporated, nonprofit fire company or rescue squad by providing that the exemption applies only if the property is used or will be used exclusively for the purposes of the fire company or rescue squad; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Economic Development - Business Improvement Districts PG 407-23. Description: Authorizing Prince George's County to create certain business improvement districts intended to promote the general welfare of the residents, employers, employees, property owners, tenants, consumers, and general public with the geographic area of the districts; requiring the county to adopt certain local laws to provide for the creation and organization of a district; removing Prince George's County from the scope of law governing the establishment of business improvement districts; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Insurance - Certificates of Guarantee for County Bond Requirements. Description: Authorizing Baltimore County to honor certificates of guarantee that are issued by certain associations or on behalf of certain contractors in order to satisfy certain county bond requirements; and providing that Baltimore County is not required under certain provisions of law to honor certain certificates of guarantee.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Libraries – Regional Resource Centers – Governance Requirements. Description: Altering the requirements for governance of libraries designated as regional resource centers; and establishing a governing board for each regional resource center.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transit - Grant Funding for Local Service - Alterations. Description: Establishing the Locally Operated Transit System Grant Program in the Department of Transportation; and authorizing program funds to be sourced from federal and State public transportation programs.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Advisory Plumbing Board. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Harford County to enact a local law providing for the membership and terms of the Harford County Advisory Plumbing Board.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Office of Program Evaluation and Government Accountability - Review of State Workforce Development Programs. Description: Requiring the Office of Program Evaluation and Government Accountability in the Department of Legislative Services to conduct a  review of the effectiveness and efficiency of the State's workforce development programs for the period covering calendar years 2018 through 2022 and to submit a report to the General Assembly on or before June 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Port of Deposit State Historical Park - Planning. Description: Altering the composition of the stakeholder advisory committee to advise the Department of Natural Resources on the scope and management of Port of Deposit State Historical Park; requiring the Department to submit a report to the General Assembly by September 1, 2024, on property suitable for inclusion in the State Park, funding needed to establish and promote Port of Deposit State Historical Park, and the manner of preserving certain related properties; altering the deadline for the transfer of certain property to the Department; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Information Technology - Prohibited Applications and Websites. Description: Prohibiting certain applications from being used and certain websites from being accessed by certain employees, agents, or entities on any information technology owned or leased by a unit of State government; and requiring the Department of Budget and Management, in collaboration with the Department of Information Technology, to prepare guidance for units of State government to remove from and prohibit the use of and access to certain applications and websites on information technology owned or leased by the unit.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Recordings of Proceedings - Access. Description: Requiring an authorized custodian of a recording of a court proceeding to make available on request a copy of the recording; requiring the authorized custodian to ensure that certain portions of a provided recording are redacted; and requiring the authorized custodian to make available unredacted recordings of closed or shielded court proceedings to certain individuals.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health and Maryland Health Care Commission - Dental Services - Survey and Regional Needs Assessment. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in consultation with the Maryland Hospital Association, to conduct a survey of hospitals to identify the availability of hospital operating resources for dentist use; requiring the Department and the Maryland Health Care Commission, in consultation with the Maryland Hospital Association, to develop regional plans to ensure the availability of appropriate operating space for the performance of dental procedures for Maryland Medical Assistance Program recipients; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Care - Treatment and Access (Behavioral Health Model for Maryland). Description: Establishing the Commission on Behavioral Health Care Treatment and Access to make recommendations to provide appropriate, accessible, and comprehensive behavioral health services that are available on demand to individuals in the State; establishing the Behavioral Health Care Coordination Value-Based Purchasing Pilot Program in the Maryland Department of Health; requiring the Department to apply for certain federal planning grant funds; requiring the Department to apply to participate in a certain demonstration program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Medicaid Waiver Programs - Waitlist and Registry Reduction (End the Wait Act). Description: Requiring certain Medicaid funding to be used to provide community services to individuals waiting for services through waiver programs; authorizing certain Medicaid funding to be used for expanding provider capacity in certain waiver programs; and altering the uses of certain funding appropriated to the Dedicated Purpose Account in the fiscal year 2023 budget bill.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commercial Law and Financial Institutions - Credit Regulation - Shared Appreciation Agreements. Description: Making certain shared appreciation agreements subject to the Maryland Mortgage Lender Law and other provisions of law that regulate certain loans of single extensions of closed end credit and revolving credit plans; and authorizing the Commissioner of Financial Regulation to adopt certain regulations regarding the enforcement of and compliance with provisions of law that regulate shared appreciation agreements.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Reimbursement for Services Rendered by a Pharmacist. Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program, the Maryland Children's Health Program, and certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to provide coverage for all services rendered to an enrollee by a licensed pharmacist within the pharmacist's lawful scope of practice to the same extent as services rendered by any other health care practitioner; and applying the Act to all policies, contracts, and health benefit plans issued, delivered, or renewed by January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Programs - Residential Programs - Food Service Facility Requirements. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to adopt regulations that establish certain food service facility standards that are appropriate to residential programs that have less than 17 residents.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workgroup on Establishing a Youth Codesigned Integrated Behavioral Health Model. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Establishing a Youth Codesigned Integrated Behavioral Health Model to study youth codesigned behavioral health models and develop a plan and make recommendations regarding the implementation of a youth codesigned behavioral health care pilot in the State on or before July 1, 2025; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pharmacists - Therapy Management Contract - Form. Description: Providing that a therapy management contract may be entered into in writing or orally; requiring, if a therapy management contract is entered into orally, the parties to the therapy management contract to reduce the contract to writing within 30 days after entering into the therapy management contract; and providing that a therapy management contract may be in electronic form.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Dental Examiners - University of Maryland School of Dentistry Faculty - Qualifying for Examination. Description: Altering the circumstances under which a dentist who is a faculty member at the University of Maryland School of Dentistry and was trained at a foreign dental school must be qualified by the State Board of Dental Examiners to take an examination offered by the American Board of Dental Examiners, Inc., or its successor organization.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Pathway to Nursing Program and Advisory Committee - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Pathway to Nursing Program in the Maryland Department of Health; requiring the Secretary to establish a pilot program at community colleges in at least two geographically diverse areas in the State that offer licensed practical nursing programs before implementing the Program statewide; requiring an annual report to the Governor and the General Assembly on implementation of the Program; and establishing the Maryland Pathway to Nursing Advisory Committee to assist in the development of the Program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Study on the Utilization of the Expedited Licensing Process for Service Members, Veterans, and Military Spouses. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor, in consultation with the Department of Veterans Affairs, to conduct a study on the utilization of the expedited licensing process for service members, veterans, and military spouses for certain occupational and professional licenses in the State; and requiring the Maryland Department of Labor, in consultation with the Department of Veterans Affairs, to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by June 30, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcohol and Tobacco Commission – Technical Corrections and Clarifications. Description: Correcting certain references to the Comptroller of Maryland to be the Executive Director of the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission, as appropriate; and clarifying certain powers and duties of the Executive Director of the Commission relating to alcoholic beverages regulation and enforcement.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Recreational Vehicle Dealer Agreements. Description: Requiring recreational vehicle dealers to hold a dealer agreement with manufacturers to sell the manufacturer's recreational vehicles in the State; establishing licensing requirements for a recreational vehicle manufacturer, distributor, or factory branch; altering the required terms and conditions of a recreational dealer agreement; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County - Civil Infractions - Prosecutorial Designations. Description: Authorizing the State's Attorney of Calvert County to designate county attorneys or assistant county attorneys to prosecute civil infractions; and authorizing the designated attorneys to exercise the powers of the State's Attorney when prosecuting civil infractions.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Hunting Offenses - Expungement. Description: Authorizing a person to file a petition for expungement of certain criminal records based on a conviction for certain hunting offenses.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Voluntary 9-1-1 Registry. Description: Establishing the 9-1-1 Registry Program to authorize individual adults, parents or guardians of minor children, or guardians of individuals to register with a local jurisdiction or local 9-1-1 call center in order to alert first responders of certain diagnoses or certain behaviors or traits that individuals may present during encounters with first responders; requiring local jurisdictions and local 9-1-1 centers to create 9-1-1 registry programs meeting certain characteristics; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County - Length of Service Award Program - Benefits. Description: Altering a certain benefit amount for certain fire and rescue volunteers; and authorizing the board of commissioners to approve an increase in benefit payment for certain fire and rescue volunteers.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Service Companies - Annual Report on Votes Cast at Meetings of Regional Transmission Organizations. Description: Requiring each public service company that is a member of a regional transmission organization to submit to the Public Service Commission on or before February 1 each year a report on votes cast by the public service company at a meeting of the regional transmission organization.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity and Meter Aggregation. Description: Defining "generating station" as it relates to the requirement to obtain a certificate of public convenience and necessity or approval from the Public Service Commission for a person who constructs a generating station that has the capacity to produce more than 2 but not more than 14 megawatts of electricity from a solar photovoltaic system; requiring an electric company to provide meter aggregation for certain eligible customer-generators under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development - Cybersecurity - Cyber Maryland Program. Description: Establishing the Cyber Maryland Program in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to increase the cybersecurity workforce in the State, build an advanced cybersecurity workforce, and carry out other purposes related to the cybersecurity workforce in the State; establishing the Cyber Maryland Fund; establishing the Cyber Maryland Board; requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission, in consultation with a certain organization, to expand the Cyber Warrior Diversity Program under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juveniles - Truancy Reduction Pilot Program - Expansion. Description: Expanding, renaming, and altering certain provisions relating to a certain truancy reduction program in certain juvenile courts; authorizing a county or circuit administrative judge to establish a certain Truancy Reduction and School Reengagement Program as a problem-solving court in certain juvenile courts in accordance with rules adopted by the Supreme Court of Maryland; and requiring the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Maryland to annually report certain information to the General Assembly.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on Preventing and Countering Elder Abuse. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Preventing and Countering Elder Abuse to study existing laws, policies, and practices relating to elder abuse and crimes commonly committed against older adults; and requiring the Task Force to submit a final report by December 31, 2024, to the Governor and the General Assembly with its findings and recommendations regarding changes to State law, policy, and practice that would aid in preventing elder abuse.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Town of Sharpsburg - Parking of Vehicles - Restrictions. Description: Prohibiting a person from parking certain vehicles in the Town of Sharpsburg, Washington County, subject to a certain exception.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Blueprint for Maryland's Future Implementation - Funding and Independent Evaluation - Alterations. Description: Altering certain education funding formulas; requiring, in fiscal years 2025 and 2026, each county board of education to provide for the salary of the Blueprint for Maryland's Future implementation coordinator in the county; requiring the implementation coordinator's salary to be paid for by the State and the county in a certain proportion; altering the dates by which the entity contracted to perform an independent evaluation of the implementation of the Blueprint is required to report to the Board; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Elections - Election Judges - Minimum Compensation. Description: Establishing a minimum training course compensation of $50 and minimum daily compensation of $250 for election judges for each election day and each early voting day actually served; requiring the State Board of Elections to reimburse each local board elections for $50 of the extra compensation that is paid to each returning election judge; and requiring the State Board to develop and implement a marketing campaign to assist in the recruitment of individuals to serve as election judges.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Motorcycles - Passenger Restrictions. Description: Requiring a rear passenger on a motorcycle to be able to firmly position the passenger's feet on the footrests of the motorcycle, subject to an exception for permanent physical disability.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Residential Retail Electricity - Green Power - Renewable Energy Credits and Marketing Claims. Description: Requiring an electricity supplier that offers green power for sale to residential customers to purchase certain renewable energy credits; requiring certain electricity suppliers marketing and selling green power to residential customers to include a certain disclosure in certain marketing materials; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program and Health Insurance - Required Coverage for Biomarker Testing. Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program and certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, health maintenance organizations, and managed care organizations to provide coverage for biomarker testing that is supported by medical and scientific evidence; establishing requirements for deductibles, copayments, and coinsurance for biomarker testing; and requiring the Maryland Health Care Commission to report to certain committees of the General Assembly on the impact of providing biomarker testing.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Educator Shortage Reduction Act of 2023. Description: Altering the qualifications for early childhood education teacher certification completed through an alternative teacher preparation program; requiring the State Department of Education, in consultation with the Maryland Higher Education Commission, to establish specific goals for the recruitment and retention of teachers in teacher preparation programs; requiring that "high staff qualifications" for publicly funded eligible prekindergarten providers must be implemented by the 2027-2028 school year; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate Brokers - Disability or Death and Termination of Employment of a Broker. Description: Requiring an adult family member to submit a death certificate or evidence of disability to the State Real Estate Commission before the family member may carry on the business of a disabled or deceased licensed real estate broker; permitting a certain business to designate a licensed real estate broker to provide real estate brokerage services under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Pharmacists - Administration of Vaccines. Description: Extending to June 30, 2024, inclusive, the time period during which a pharmacist is authorized to order and administer certain vaccinations to an individual who is at least 3 years old but under the age of 18 years if certain requirements are met.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Estate - Real Estate Brokerage Services and Termination of Residential Real Estate Contracts (The Anthony Moorman Act). Description: Requiring a real estate broker or an escrow agent, if a purchaser terminates a certain transaction under certain circumstances, to distribute trust money to the purchaser within 30 days after a certain written notice of the termination is sent; requiring a holder of trust money who makes a certain distribution to notify the seller and purchaser of the distribution within a certain period of time, subject to a certain exception; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Special Education - Judicial Actions - Attorney's Fees and Related Costs. Description: Authorizing a court to award reasonable attorney's fees and related costs to the parent of a child with a disability who is the prevailing party in a certain special education proceeding; prohibiting a court from awarding attorney's fees and related costs to certain parents in a certain proceeding under certain circumstances; and authorizing an award of attorney's fees and related costs to a parent of a child with a disability who is a prevailing party under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Protecting Against Hate Crimes Grant Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Protecting Against Hate Crimes Grant Fund to make grants to nonprofit organizations, including faith-based organizations, to provide security enhancements to protect against hate crimes; requiring a minimum set-aside of $1,000,000 each year for faith-based organizations; authorizing, for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Governor to include in the annual budget bill $5,000,000 to the Fund; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Holocaust Remembrance Day. Description: Requiring the Governor to annually proclaim January 27 as Maryland Holocaust Remembrance Day; and requiring the proclamation to include a declaration of the purposes of Maryland Holocaust Remembrance Day.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics - Planning Grant Funds and Demonstration Application. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to apply to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration at the Center for Mental Health Services for federal planning, development, and implementation grant funds related to certified community behavioral health clinics for fiscal year 2025; and requiring the Department to apply to the Administration for inclusion in the state certified community behavioral health clinic demonstration program for fiscal year 2026.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Insurance Commissioner Enforcement - Specialty Mental Health Services and Payment of Claims - Sunset Extension. Description: Extending the termination date by 2 years for certain provisions of law relating to Maryland Insurance Commissioner enforcement duties regarding administrative services organizations that administer a certain delivery system for specialty mental health services.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Employees' Retirement and Pension Systems - Reemployment Earnings Limitation - COVID-19 Exemption. Description: Exempting a certain retiree of the Employees' Retirement and Pension Systems from a certain earnings limitation when the retiree is reemployed by a certain previous employer for a certain time period to assist with the administration of federally funded grants or projects related to the COVID-19 pandemic; and providing for the retroactive application of the Act to January 1, 2020.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Establishment of School Zones. Description: Requiring a school zone to be adjacent to a school, unless recommended by a traffic engineering study; prohibiting a school zone from exceeding a 0.5 mile radius of any school or school activity, unless recommended by a traffic engineering study.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of State Police - Professional Occupations - Application Process. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of State Police to determine the manner and format for applications for certification as a private detective and security guard and for a license to provide security guard services; and requiring an applicant for a commission as a special police officer to submit two sets of legible fingerprints taken in a format approved by the Director of the Central Repository and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Zero Emission Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Council - Membership. Description: Altering the composition of the Maryland Zero Emission Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Council; and altering the dates by which the Council must submit interim reports of its work and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prior Authorizations of State Debt - Alterations. Description: Amending certain prior authorizations of State Debt to alter the requirement that certain grantees provide certain matching funds; extending the termination date of certain grants; altering the authorized uses of certain grants; and changing the names of certain grantees.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Child Care - Criminal Background Investigations. Description: Altering provisions relating to criminal background investigations for certain individuals who care for or supervise children; and requiring certain facilities to apply to the Central Repository for a national and State criminal history records check for each employee, employer, individual, or volunteer.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State-Owned Nursing Homes - Deficiencies, Citations, and Fines - Contractor Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring contractors operating State-owned nursing homes to promptly provide notice of certain deficiencies, enforcement actions, citations and fines to the Governor, the State agency overseeing the nursing home, certain committees of the General Assembly, and members of the General Assembly who represent the district in which the nursing home is located; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to report annually, beginning January 1, 2024, on certain information related to State-owned nursing homes that are operated by contractors.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Wearing, Carrying, or Transporting Firearms - Restrictions (Gun Safety Act of 2023). Description: Prohibiting a person from knowingly wearing, carrying, or transporting a firearm in certain locations; prohibiting a person from wearing, carrying, or transporting a firearm onto certain property unless the owner or owner's agent has given certain permission; altering certain provisions of law relating to the authority of the Secretary of State Police to limit the wearing, carrying, or transporting of a handgun at certain times and locations; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Human Services - Electronic Benefits Transfer Cards - Theft of Benefits (Prevent Electronic Benefits Theft Act of 2023). Description: Requiring the Department of Human Services to reimburse a beneficiary for any benefits lost due to theft; authorizing certain households to request a certain hearing within 90 days after a certain determination; requiring the State to give preference to certain vendors in the procurement process for electronic benefits distribution or administration; authorizing the Department to restore benefits to any household that lost benefits due to theft occurring during a certain time period under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: 9–8–8 Trust Fund – Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill for fiscal year 2025 an appropriation of $12,000,000 to the 9-8-8 Trust Fund.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hate Crimes – Civil Remedy. Description: Providing that a person who is the victim of an act that would constitute a violation of certain hate crime laws may bring a civil action against the person or persons who committed the act in a court of competent jurisdiction; and authorizing the court to impose an injunction and award certain economic and noneconomic damages.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Teachers and State Employees Supplemental Retirement Plans - Automatic Enrollment - Study. Description: Requiring the State Board of Trustees of the Maryland Teachers and State Employees Supplemental Retirement Plans to study options and develop recommendations to implement an automatic enrollment arrangement for certain State employees; and requiring the Board to report its findings and recommendations to the Joint Committee on Pensions on or before November 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - On-Site Wastewater Services - Board, Fees, and Penalties. Description: Altering the composition of the State Board of On-Site Wastewater Professionals; clarifying and altering the distribution of certain fees and penalties; and clarifying the application of certain license requirements and penalties.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health - Treatment Plans for Individuals in Facilities and Residence Grievance System. Description: Requiring a treatment plan for an individual with a mental disorder admitted to a certain health care facility to include a certain discharge goal and an estimate of the probable length of the inpatient stay the individual requires before transfer to a certain setting; requiring certain facility staff to review and reassess a plan of treatment; establishing an appeals process related to the review of a treatment plan; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to adopt certain regulations relating to the appeals process; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources – Documents – Digital or Electronic Issuance. Description: Expanding the requirement that the Department of Natural Resources make available and issue certain licenses and stamps in a digital or electronic format; and providing that, if the Department cannot issue certain licenses, stamps, permits, registrations, or certificates in a digital or electronic format because of federal restrictions, it is the intent of the General Assembly that the Department issue certain licenses, stamps, permits, registrations, or certificates in a digital or electronic format whenever the federal restrictions are eliminated.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations – Clinical and Graduate Alcohol and Drug Counselors – Licensure. Description: Altering the educational requirements that individuals must meet to be licensed as clinical or graduate alcohol and drug counselors.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile Law - Child in Need of Supervision - Mandatory Petition and Notice (NyKayla Strawder Memorial Act). Description: Requiring an intake officer to file a petition alleging that a child under the age of 13 years is either delinquent or a child in need of supervision if the child is alleged to have committed an act that results in the death of a victim; and requiring a law enforcement officer to forward a complaint alleging that a child under the age of 13 years committed an act that resulted in the death of a victim to the Department of Juvenile Services.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Police Recruitment and Retention Workgroup. Description: Establishing the Police Recruitment and Retention Workgroup to study issues and factors potentially contributing to recruitment challenges and the decline in police officer retention statewide; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 30, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Equity in Transportation Sector - Guidelines and Analyses. Description: Requiring that equity be considered when State transportation plans, reports, and goals are developed; altering the membership of the advisory committee on State transportation goals, benchmarks, and indicators; requiring the Department of Transportation to conduct transit equity analyses and cost-benefit analyses and consult with certain communities before announcing or proposing any major service change or any reduction or cancellation of a certain capital expansion project in a certain construction program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Person in a Position of Authority - Sexual Offenses With a Minor. Description: Altering the definition of "person in a position of authority" for purposes of a certain prohibition against engaging in a sexual act, sexual contact, or vaginal intercourse with a minor; altering a certain prohibition against a certain person from engaging in certain conduct in a position of authority to prohibit a certain person from engaging in a sexual act, sexual contact, or vaginal intercourse with a minor who is enrolled in certain programs where the person in a position of authority is employed or under contract; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Heating, Ventilation, Air-Conditioning, and Refrigeration Services - Journeyman License - Qualifications. Description: Altering certain qualifications for a journeyman license to provide heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, and refrigeration services to require having held an apprentice license for 4 rather than 3 years and having completed at least 6,000 rather than 1,875 hours of training under the direction and control of a licensed contractor.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Open Meetings Act - State Ethics Commission (Maryland State Agency Transparency Act of 2023). Description: Establishing enhanced requirements under the Open Meetings Act for the State Ethics Commission; and requiring the Department of Information Technology to provide the technical staff, support, and equipment necessary to live stream the open meetings of the State Ethics Commission.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Transportation - Financing and Commission on Transportation Revenue and Infrastructure Needs (State and Federal Transportation Funding Act). Description: Repealing a requirement that the Capital Debt Affordability Committee include certain debt that is secured by future federal aid within its review of State tax supported debt; altering the calculation of the maximum amount of debt secured by future federal aid that the Department of Transportation may issue; providing that the maximum amount of debt that may be issued is calculated as of June 30; establishing the Maryland Commission on Transportation Revenue and Infrastructure Needs; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program, Maryland Children's Health Program, and Workgroup on Low-Income Utility Assistance. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to establish an Express Lane Eligibility Program by January 1, 2025, to enroll individuals, based on certain eligibility, in the Maryland Medical Assistance Program and the Maryland Children's Health Program; and requiring the Workgroup on Low-Income Utility Assistance to submit a final report to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before January 1, 2024, of its findings and recommendations, including recommended legislative and regulatory changes.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City Soil Conservation District - Establishment - Requirements. Description: Providing for the establishment of a Baltimore City Soil Conservation District with boundaries that correspond to the boundaries of Baltimore City; adding Baltimore City to a geographic area from which the Secretary of Agriculture appoints the soil conservation district supervisors; requiring the Mayor of Baltimore City to take certain actions to form the District; requiring the Secretary of State to take certain actions to record the organization of the District; and providing for the appointment of the supervisors for the District.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Study on Statewide 2-1-1 and 3-1-1 Systems. Description: Requiring the Department of Legislative Services to conduct a study on the implementation of a statewide 3-1-1 system to provide individuals with nonemergency government services, resources, and information, both as a standalone system and as part of a merged system with the statewide 2-1-1 system.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City Board of School Commissioners - Student Members and Task Force to Study Compensation and Student Members. Description: Altering the voting rights of and the process for selecting a student member of the Baltimore City Board of School Commissioners; providing that the student member may not vote on matters before the board relating to personnel and collective bargaining decisions;  establishing the Task Force to Study Compensation and Student Members of the Baltimore City Board of School Commissioners; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before April 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Exemption for Dwellings of Disabled Veterans - Application. Description: Altering the application requirements for a certain property tax exemption for a dwelling house owned by a disabled veteran or surviving spouse of a disabled veteran by adding a rating decision of the disabled veteran's disability from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to the type of supporting documents that may be included with application.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Parole - Life Imprisonment. Description: Repealing provisions relating to gubernatorial approval of a decision of the Maryland Parole Commission to grant parole to an inmate serving a sentence of life imprisonment.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture - State Specialist for Value-Added Agriculture. Description: Establishing the State Specialist for Value-Added Agriculture as a position in the Department of Agriculture to serve as the primary point of contact for individuals engaging in, or interested in engaging in, value-added agriculture in the State; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Expungement of Records (REDEEM Act of 2023). Description: Providing that any unpaid court fees or costs are not a bar to a certain expungement; requiring a court to waive certain court fees and costs when ordering or effecting a certain expungement; adding malicious destruction of property to the list of misdemeanor convictions that may be expunged; and altering the waiting periods applicable to the filing of petitions for expungement of convictions of certain crimes.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Information Act - Inspection of Records From Body-Worn Digital Recording Devices. Description: Establishing certain requirements for a custodian of records related to certain recordings from a certain body-worn digital recording device worn by a law enforcement officer; and requiring the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission, in consultation with certain other entities and stakeholders, to develop certain uniform standards and policies.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Property Tax - Retroactive Exemption. Description: Authorizing a person who applies for certain property tax exemptions for real property in Baltimore City to request that the exemption be applied retroactively for up to 3 taxable years, subject to certain requirements; requiring Baltimore City and the State to pay a refund of excess real property taxes paid due to a retroactive exemption that is granted; and requiring the Baltimore City Department of Finance to submit a report on the number of requests made and the amounts refunded by December 1 each year from 2023 to 2027.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Custody - Relocation of Child - Expedited Hearing (Assurance of Child's Safety Act). Description: Requiring a court to schedule a hearing, on an expedited basis, on a petition filed by a parent regarding a proposed relocation of a child who is the subject of a custody or visitation order that would significantly interfere with the other parent's ability to maintain the predetermined parenting time.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Electricians Act – Revisions. Description: Altering the entity that must administer or approve an apprenticeship program for electricians; substituting the term "uninsured" for the term "inactive" in certain provisions of law relating to liability insurance requirements for certain electricians; prohibiting a certain electrician from contracting to provide electrical services unless the electrical work is covered by certain liability insurance; specifying who is authorized and required to purchase certain insurance; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Disaster Service and Uniformed Services Leave Modernization Act of 2023. Description: Adding certain State employees to certain provisions of law authorizing disaster service leave with pay; authorizing certain appointing authorities to waive certain requirements for disaster service leave and to increase the number of days of disaster service leave under certain circumstances; defining "uniformed services" for the purpose of adding certain individuals to certain provisions of law relating to certain paid leave and military administrative leave; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs – Waiver – Diapers and Menstrual Hygiene Products. Description: Requiring the Department of Human Services to apply for a waiver to allow benefits under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program to be used to purchase diapers or menstrual hygiene products, if the U.S. Department of Agriculture makes the waiver available; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to apply for a waiver to allow benefits under the Special Supplemental Program for Women, Infants, and Children to be used to purchase certain products, if the U.S. Department of Agriculture makes the waiver available.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Nonprofit Development Center Program - Nonprofit, Interest-Free, Micro Bridge Loan (NIMBL) Account - Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill for fiscal year 2024 or fiscal year 2025 an appropriation of $1,000,000 to the Maryland Nonprofit Development Center Program Fund to be used for loans under the Nonprofit, Interest-Free, Micro Bridge Loan (NIMBL) Account; and repealing a requirement that 5% of proceeds from video lottery terminals go to the NIMBL Account.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Unnatural or Perverted Sexual Practice – Repeal. Description: Repealing the crime of unnatural or perverted sexual practice.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Estate Tax - Portability - Time Period for Election. Description: Altering the period of time within which a person is required to file a Maryland estate tax return for the purpose of allowing a surviving spouse to take into account the deceased spousal unused exclusion amount to be consistent with the time for making a federal election.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts – Prohibited Indemnity and Defense Liability Agreements. Description: Prohibiting a provision in a contract with a design professional for professional services that requires the design professional to defend certain parties against liability or certain claims.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sexual Offenses - Crime of Violence and Lifetime Supervision. Description: Altering the list of crimes included within a certain definition of "crime of violence" to include sexual abuse of a minor if the offender is at least 21 years old and the victim is under the age of 16 years; and requiring a sentence for certain persons convicted of certain sexual abuse crimes to include a term of lifetime sexual offender supervision.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Revisions. Description: Altering certain provisions governing the issuance of stock, convertible securities, and scrip; clarifying the authority of corporations to hold annual meetings by remote communication; clarifying the application of certain provisions of law to the conversion of a corporation; requiring a real estate investment trust that voluntarily dissolves to file a notice of termination with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax Credit - Public Safety Officer. Description: Repealing the definition of "public safety officer" for purposes of a certain credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on a dwelling owned by a public safety officer; repealing a certain limitation on the amount of the credit; requiring the governing body of a county or municipal corporation that authorizes the credit to establish, by law, the definition of "public safety officer" for purposes of eligibility for the credit; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Land Use - Public Service Companies - Pollinator-Friendly Vegetation Management and Utility-Designated Pollinator Areas. Description: Prohibiting local jurisdictions from imposing certain limitations and land use restrictions on utility-designated pollinator areas maintained by a public service company under certain conditions; requiring certain public service companies to mow utility-designated pollinator areas in a certain manner in order to minimize disturbances to habitats; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Clerks of the Circuit Courts - Civil Commissions - Presentation and Reporting. Description: Requiring an appointee for a civil commission to contact the clerk of the circuit court to which the commission was delivered by the Governor to coordinate a time and place for the administration of the oath of office and presentation of the commission; altering the frequency with which the clerk of a circuit court must report to the Secretary of State the name and office of each officer who has taken the oath of office; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System - Crisfield Police Department. Description: Requiring membership in the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System for certain local law enforcement officers of the Crisfield Police Department under certain circumstances; providing that a certain individual is entitled to eligibility service and creditable service that was earned before the effective date of the Crisfield Police Department's participation in the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System; providing for the transfer of creditable service for a certain individual; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Law Enforcement Agencies - Positive Community Feedback. Description: Adding positive community feedback to the list of records that are not considered personnel records for certain purposes; requiring the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to develop a process for citizens to submit certain feedback; requiring each law enforcement agency to adopt the uniform citizen positive community feedback process; and requiring a law enforcement agency to maintain a certain record that is subject to public inspection.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - State Law Enforcement Officers. Description: Altering a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for the first $5,000 of income earned by certain law enforcement officers to include State law enforcement officers who reside in a political subdivision in which the crime rate exceeds the State's crime rate; and applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force on Financial Incentives for Pet-Friendly Housing. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Financial Incentives for Pet-Friendly Housing to study matters related to pet-friendly housing, including financial incentives, insurance or liability structures, and barriers on varied sizes and breeds; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations on how to financially incentivize the expansion of pet-friendly housing to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before November 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Grossly Negligent or Drunk or Drugged Operation of Vehicle or Vessel - Prior Convictions. Description: Establishing that certain previous convictions for drunk or drugged operation of a vehicle or vessel and grossly negligent manslaughter by vehicle or vessel under certain provisions of law constitute prior convictions for the purpose of determining certain enhanced subsequent offender penalties.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Personnel – Education and Transportation – Grievance Procedures. Description: Authorizing a certain employee or certain exclusive representative to initiate a grievance procedure under certain provisions of law; requiring certain decision makers in a grievance procedure in certain higher education systems to award certain damages under certain circumstances; requiring regulations adopted by the Secretary of Transportation to be consistent with certain provisions of law and include redress for certain violations; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources – Blue and Flathead Catfish Finfish Trotline License – Establishment. Description: Establishing a licensing and regulatory scheme to allow the commercial fishing of blue and flathead catfish in the tidal waters of the State using a finfish trotline.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Officers’ Retirement System – Talbot County. Description: Requiring membership in the Correctional Officers' Retirement System for certain local detention center officers of Talbot County in the event Talbot County becomes a participating governmental unit in the Correctional Officers' Retirement System; and providing that certain local detention center officers who join the Correctional Officers' Retirement System and receive certain service credit shall no longer be members of the Employees' Pension System.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Office of the Attorney General - Correctional Ombudsman Unit. Description: Establishing the Correctional Ombudsman Unit in the Office of the Attorney General; requiring the Unit to conduct investigations, reviews, and assessments of administrative acts taken by the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services or in relation to individuals confined by the Department; requiring the Unit to refer certain matters for criminal charges or disciplinary proceedings as appropriate; establishing the Correctional Ombudsman Advisory Board to assist the Unit in identifying certain matters to investigate; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Consumer Protection - Telephone Solicitation (Stop the Spam Calls Act of 2023). Description: Prohibiting a person from making certain telephone solicitations to a certain called party in a certain manner by restricting the methods, times, and identifying information that the person making the call may utilize; and making a violation of the Act an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice that is subject to enforcement and penalties under the Maryland Consumer Protection Act.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources – Apprentice Hunting License – Alterations. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to issue an apprentice hunting license to a person under the age of 17 years who has previously been issued an apprentice hunting license under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Public Safety Volunteers. Description: Increasing, from $7,000 to $10,000, the amount of a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for an individual who is a qualifying public safety volunteer for a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Jury Service - Disqualification. Description: Providing that a person who has been convicted of a crime punishable by imprisonment exceeding 1 year and is currently serving the sentence imposed for the conviction, including a term of parole or probation, or has been convicted of a crime involving or relating to perjury, witness intimidation, jury intimidation, or fraud or a related crime is not qualified for jury service.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Circuit Courts and District Court - Dishonored Checks - Service Charges. Description: Increasing the amount of the service charge from $10 to $30 that may be imposed by a circuit court or the District Court for a dishonored check.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property – Actions to Repossess – Proof of Rental Licensure. Description: Requiring, in certain actions to repossess residential rental property, a landlord to submit to the clerk of the court evidence of compliance with certain local rental property licensure requirements and demonstrate that the landlord is compliant with the licensure requirements.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program – Collaborative Care Model Services – Implementation and Reimbursement Expansion. Description: Repealing the Collaborative Care Pilot Program; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to expand access to and provide reimbursement for services provided in accordance with the Collaborative Care Model under the Maryland Medical Assistance Program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Recreational Crabbing Gear - Individuals Under the Age of 16 Years. Description: Authorizing an individual under the age of 16 years to use a collapsible trap, net ring, handline, or dip net, as described by the Department of Natural Resources in regulations, when catching or attempting to catch crabs in the waters of the Chesapeake Bay and its tidal tributaries without a recreational crabbing license.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Apprenticeship 2030 Commission and Representation on the Apprenticeship and Training Council. Description: Requiring that the Apprenticeship and Training Council and consultants to the Council include representation by individuals who are Asian, Black, and Latino; establishing the Apprenticeship 2030 Commission to examine and make recommendations to expand access to apprenticeships to reduce skill shortages in high-demand occupations and provide affordable training for career pathways for young people; and requiring the Commission to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Judgments - Exemptions From Execution. Description: Exempting up to $500 in a deposit account or other account of a judgment debtor held by a depository institution from execution on the judgment without an election by the debtor to exempt the money; establishing procedures a depository institution is required to follow on receipt of a writ of garnishment or other levy or attachment under certain circumstances; establishing a $6,000 limit on the cumulative value of property and cash that may be exempted; requiring a certain writ of garnishment; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Campaign Finance - Draft Committees and Exploratory Committees. Description: Applying certain campaign finance requirements for a political committee to draft committees and exploratory committees; establishing requirements and prohibitions for draft and exploratory committees relating to the establishment of the committees, receipt of funds, and permissible disbursements; requiring an authorized candidate campaign committee that results from the draft committee or exploratory committee to make any equipment purchases from the draft committee or exploratory committee at the fair market value of the equipment; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Finance and Procurement - Grants - Prompt Payment Requirement. Description: Establishing invoicing and prompt payment requirements for certain State grants; defining "grant" as a legal instrument of financial assistance between a State grant-making entity and a nonprofit organization exempt from taxation under § 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code that is used for certain purposes, distinguished from a cooperative agreement in a certain manner, and executed, renewed, or extended on or after June 1, 2023; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Real Property Tax Assessment and Tax Rate Increases - Notice Requirements. Description: Requiring certain notices relating to increases in property assessments; altering certain notice requirements relating to the intention of a county or municipal corporation to set a certain real property tax rate that exceeds the constant yield tax rate and requiring instead certain notice when a county or municipal corporation intends to increase its real property tax rate.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Juvenile Court – Concurrent Jurisdiction – Juvenile Offenses on Military Installations. Description: Establishing that the jurisdiction of the juvenile court is concurrent with that of a federal court sitting in the State over certain proceedings involving violations of federal law by a child under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax - Municipal Corporation Business Personal Property Tax Rate and Local Government Reporting Requirements - Alterations. Description: Requiring 20% of certain State aid to be discontinued if a county, municipality, or special taxing district does not submit a certain audit report within 1 calendar year of a certain deadline for the report, subject to a certain condition; altering the municipal corporation tax rate applicable to business personal property and certain operating real property to be not more than a certain amount; and requiring the City of Seat Pleasant to hire a certain entity to perform a certain audit and submit the report by January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Anaphylactic Food Allergies - Guidelines. Description: Requiring each county board of education, before the start of the 2024-2025 school year, to adopt, implement, and publish guidelines in accordance with the State school health service guidelines to reduce the risk of exposure to anaphylactic major food allergens in classrooms and common areas; requiring each public school to develop a system to disclose the major food allergens contained in the foods served in the school; requiring each county board to make a good faith effort to adopt and implement certain guidelines; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: More Opportunities for Career–Focused Students Act of 2023. Description: Requiring certain county boards of education to consider the pursuit of certain certificates, certifications, or apprenticeships as the equivalent of pursuing postsecondary education and provide a method for certain individuals to authorize the release of certain student information to certain apprenticeship sponsors and employers; requiring each public high school to inform students of certain employment and skills training opportunities in a certain manner; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Food System Resiliency Council. Description: Establishing that the Maryland Food System Resiliency Council is in the Office of Resilience in the Maryland Department of Emergency Management; altering the membership of the Council to include a representative of the seafood industry; altering the process for electing a cochair of the Council; and requiring the Department to provide staff for the Council.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Business Diversity Incubator Program and Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Business Diversity Incubator Program and Fund in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to provide grants to qualified incubators to establish diverse and effective business incubators; authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $1,000,000 for the Fund in fiscal year 2025; requiring the Corporation to submit an annual report to the General Assembly beginning December 31, 2024, on the number and amount of grants awarded and the names and locations of each grantee; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center - Student FAFSA Data - Reporting Requirement. Description: Altering a reporting requirement to require the Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center to report certain student Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) data to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 15 each year, beginning in 2023 and ending in 2028; and requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to provide the Center with access to student FAFSA data.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Sexual Crimes - Repeal of Spousal Defense. Description: Repealing a certain prohibition on prosecuting a person for rape or a certain sexual offense against a victim who was the person's legal spouse at the time of the alleged rape or sexual offense.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mandated Reports - Revisions. Description: Modifying certain reporting requirements for practicability and efficiency; and repealing certain reporting requirements that are unnecessary, obsolete, duplicative, or inefficient.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Worcester County - Alcoholic Beverages - Ocean City Promoter's License. Description: Establishing an Ocean City promoter's license in Worcester County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Worcester County to issue the license to a for-profit organization to sell and serve beer, wine, and liquor at an entertainment event that is held on premises located within the corporate limits of The Town of Ocean City, owned by the Town of Ocean City, and approved in writing by the Ocean City Police Department; and establishing a license fee of $5,000 per entertainment event.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Recovery of Benefits - Limitation and Methods. Description: Limiting the percentage of the weekly benefits amount that the Secretary of Labor may deduct from the weekly benefits payable to a claimant in the future to recover certain overpayments of unemployment insurance benefits to either up to 50% of the weekly benefit amount or 25% of the weekly benefit amount if the weekly benefit amount is less than or equal to $100; and clarifying the circumstances under which the Secretary may use certain methods to recover overpayments of unemployment insurance benefits.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Police Retirement System and Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System - Deferred Retirement Option Program - Alterations. Description: Increasing the maximum number of years of eligibility service that certain members of the State Police Retirement System or Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System may have to participate in the Deferred Retirement Option Program (DROP) from 30 to 32; increasing the number of years that certain members of the State Police Retirement System or Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System may participate in the DROP from 5 to 7; and authorizing certain individuals to elect to extend their participation in the DROP.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Highway Administration - Fallen Heroes Fishing Creek Bridge. Description: Requiring the State Highway Administration to name the bridge across Fishing Creek on Maryland Route 261 in Calvert County the Fallen Heroes Fishing Creek Bridge.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification for Adoption Expenses - Alterations. Description: Altering eligibility for and the amount of a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for a taxpayer who adopts a child during the taxable year.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: University System of Maryland - Board of Regents - Student Member Grant. Description: Authorizing the Board of Regents of the University System of Maryland to authorize a certain grant for the student member serving in the first year of the student's term on the Board of Regents.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity - Net Energy Metering and Virtual Net Energy Metering - Accrual of Net Excess Generation (Net Metering Flexibility Act). Description: Authorizing a certain eligible customer-generator to accrue net excess generation for an indefinite period; requiring the Public Service Commission to establish a method for calculating the value of certain accrued net excess generation; and requiring that a subscriber of a community solar energy generating system accrue virtual net excess generation in the same manner as a certain eligible customer-generator.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Social Work Examiners - Conditional Licenses to Practice Social Work. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Social Work Examiners, under certain circumstances, to issue a conditional license to practice social work to an applicant who, except for passing a required examination, has met the appropriate education and experience requirements for a certain license if the required examination was unavailable to the applicant for a period of at least 15 business days; providing that a conditional license is valid until 180 days after the examination becomes readily available to the applicant; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Victim Services Programs - Supplementing Federal Funding and Support (Victim Services Stabilization Act). Description: Providing for the stable funding and support of trauma-informed, high-quality program and services for victims of crime; requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to help support certain programs providing services for victims of crime; requiring the Office to consult with certain individuals and organizations regarding the allocation of certain funding; and requiring the Governor to include certain funding in the State budget.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Tort Claims Act - Denial of Claims - Notice. Description: Altering the means by which the State Treasurer may send notice of a denial of a claim made under the Maryland Tort Claims Act to authorize notice by e-mail or, if it is the only available means, by regular mail.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Equitable and Inclusive Transit-Oriented Development Enhancement Act. Description: Repealing the authority of the Secretary of Transportation to designate a transit-oriented development; establishing the Transit-Oriented Development Capital Grant and Revolving Loan Fund to promote the equitable and inclusive development of transit-oriented developments; authorizing the Department of Transportation to use the Fund to provide certain financial assistance to local jurisdictions; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill for fiscal year 2025 an appropriation of $5,000,000 to the Fund; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Bond Sales - Notification of the Public. Description: Authorizing the Board of Public Works and the State Treasurer to provide public notice of a public sale of State bonds by The Municipal Market Monitor (TM3) or a similar service or such other method deemed appropriate by the State Treasurer.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Investment Portfolio - Investment Thresholds - Alterations. Description: Repealing the limitations on investment in certain commercial paper in which the Treasurer may invest or reinvest certain unexpended or surplus funds; requiring the Treasurer to adopt regulations to establish a State investment policy with certain thresholds; and requiring the Treasurer to notify certain officials and governing bodies of certain local governmental units about the provisions of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland School for the Blind - Public School Construction Program - Eligibility. Description: Repealing the termination date on the eligibility of the Maryland School for the Blind for funding under the Public School Construction Program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Mental Health Advance Directives - Awareness and Statewide Database. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to develop and implement a public awareness campaign to encourage the use of mental health advance directives in the State; and requiring the Behavioral Health Administration and the Maryland Health Care Commission jointly to study how first responders and behavioral health crisis providers can access a certain advanced directive database when responding to a behavioral health crisis and to report to certain committees of the General Assembly on their findings on or before December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Prince George's County Reentry Employment Incentive Program - Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor, for each of fiscal years 2025 through 2028, to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $500,000 to the Prince George's County Office of the County Executive to be used for the Prince George's County Reentry Employment Incentive Program; and requiring that funds made available by the Act are supplemental to, and may not supplant, funds otherwise available for the reentry employment incentives in Prince George's County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Municipalities - Charter Amendments - Notice. Description: Modifying the manner in which the chief executive officer of a municipality may fulfill certain notice requirements concerning proposed municipal charter amendments; requiring the chief executive officer of a municipality to post an exact copy of the proposed amendment in a certain public place for at least 40 days immediately preceding the referendum at which the question is to be submitted; and requiring the municipality to maintain certain records or receipts and make the records or receipts available to the public.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pesticides - PFAS Testing - Study. Description: Requiring the Department of Agriculture, in consultation with certain State and federal agencies, to study the use of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) in pesticides in the State; and requiring the Department to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor, the Senate Committee on Education, Energy, and the Environment, and the House Health and Government Operations Committee on or before November 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Aviation Commission - Duties, Composition, and Member Orientation. Description: Requiring the Maryland Aviation Commission to consider information and advice from certain additional stakeholders when carrying out the Commission's duties; requiring the Commission to consider the aviation, economic, business, environmental, health, and community-related impacts or any other impacts the Commission finds relevant; requiring that certain members of the Commission appointed by the Governor are to be recommended by the Anne Arundel County and Howard County Senate delegations; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Class 9 Limited Distillery License - Self-Distribution. Description: Authorizing a holder of a Class 9 limited distillery license to apply for and obtain a Class 8 liquor wholesaler's license with certain privileges.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Driver's Licenses - Suspension for Child Support Arrearages - Exception. Description: Establishing a certain exception to the authority of the Child Support Administration to notify the Motor Vehicle Administration of an individual's child support arrearages for the purpose of suspending the individual's driver's license or privilege to drive if the obligor's income is at or below 250% of the federal poverty guidelines; authorizing the Child Support Administration to consider certain information in determining the income of an obligor under the Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Adaptive Reuse. Description: Establishing that adaptive reuse, retrofitting, and repurposing of existing buildings to develop new affordable multifamily housing is an eligible use of certain financial assistance provided by the Department of Housing and Community Development; and requiring the Department to notify applicants for certain financial assistance that adaptive reuse is an eligible use of funds.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland State Arts Council - Funding. Description: Clarifying the calculation for certain funding for the Maryland State Arts Council for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter; repealing a certain requirement for certain funds distributed to the Maryland State Arts Council to be included in the Council's prior fiscal year appropriation; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Developmental Disabilities Council - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Developmental Disabilities Council as an independent unit of State government with the authority to conduct and support advocacy, systems change, and capacity-building efforts to promote inclusive communities and equity in services for individuals with disabilities in the State, research best practices and provide related training and technical assistance to communities in the State, and inform State and local leaders about disability issues.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Energy Generation Projects – Required Labor Standards. Description: Requiring the developer of a covered project, on the approval of a certificate of public convenience and necessity for the construction of a certain generating station or qualified generator lead line or an exemption from a certain requirement for a certificate of public convenience and necessity, to meet certain labor standards and reporting requirements; establishing certain labor standards and certain certification, reporting, and record-keeping requirements related to the construction of a covered project; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Private Passenger Motor Vehicle Liability Insurance - Enhanced Underinsured Motorist Coverage - Opt-Out Option. Description: Converting enhanced underinsured motorist coverage from an opt-in offering of coverage into an opt-out coverage option under provisions of law establishing requirements for private passenger motor vehicle liability insurance; requiring the Maryland Insurance Administration to conduct a study on the impact of converting enhanced underinsured motorist coverage to an opt-out coverage option and report its findings to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly by December 31, 2026, and December 31, 2028; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Employment for Minors - Opportunities for Work (Job Opportunities for High School Students Act). Description: Requiring the Commissioner of Labor and Industry, to release certain personal information of a minor who has a work permit to employers and apprenticeship sponsors, educational programs and institutions, and local workforce development boards that have requested and have registered with the Maryland Department of Labor for the purpose of receiving the information, if a parent or legal guardian of the minor or the minor elects to allow the sharing of the information.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Automatic Expungement - Clarification. Description: Clarifying the language of provisions of law requiring the expungement of certain records maintained by the State or a political subdivision of the State relating to the charging of certain offenses under certain circumstances and notification of a certain right to expungement.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax Exemption - Redevelopment Areas in Baltimore County - Sunset Extension. Description: Extending, until June 30, 2036, the termination date applicable to an exemption from the sales and use tax for certain construction material or warehousing equipment purchased for use in a certain target redevelopment area in Baltimore County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Diagnostic and Supplemental Examinations and Biopsies for Breast Cancer - Cost-Sharing. Description: Prohibiting, except under certain circumstances, insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations that provide coverage for diagnostic and supplemental breast examinations from imposing a copayment, coinsurance, or deductible requirement for the examination; and requiring the Maryland Health Care Commission to study and report to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly by October 1, 2023, on the financial impact of eliminating cost-sharing for diagnostic image-guided biopsies for breast cancer.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland State Police Gun Center - Firearms Surrendered Under Final Protective Orders. Description: Altering the purpose of the Maryland State Police Gun Center to include the tracking, screening, and vetting of all firearms surrendered under final protective orders in the State; and requiring each law enforcement agency to report to the Center the number and type of firearms surrendered, the jurisdictions where the firearms were surrendered, and certain information regarding the individual who surrendered each firearm under final protective orders.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Green and Renewable Energy for Nonprofit Organizations Loan Program and Fund. Description: Establishing the Green and Renewable Energy for Nonprofit Organizations Loan Program in the Maryland Energy Administration to provide financial assistance to nonprofit organizations for the purchase and installation, and technical assistance for the planning and installation, of qualifying energy systems; establishing the Green and Renewable Energy for Nonprofit Organizations Loan Fund; authorizing the Governor, in fiscal years 2025 and 2026, to include certain appropriations in the annual budget bill for the Fund; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Licenses, Certificates, and Registrations - Lawful Presence and Identification Numbers. Description: Prohibiting a health occupations board from requiring that an applicant provide proof that the applicant is lawfully present in the United States or have a Social Security number or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number as a condition for licensure, certification, or registration; requiring each health occupations board to require each applicant for a license to disclose the Social Security number or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number of the applicant or, as permitted by federal law, provide alternative documentation; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Rare Disease Advisory Council. Description: Establishing the Rare Disease Advisory Council to study and make recommendations on matters relating to individuals with rare diseases in the State; requiring the Council to convene public hearings, make inquiries, and solicit comments from the public on the needs of rare disease patients, caregivers, and health care providers; requiring the Council to report to the Governor and General Assembly by December 1 each year beginning in 2024 and provide recommendations on ways to address the needs of persons with rare diseases in the State; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Saves Data Sharing Act. Description: Authorizing, subject to certain limitations, the disclosure of certain tax information to the Maryland Small Business Retirement Savings Board and its authorized contractors for the purpose of administering the Maryland Small Business Retirement Savings Program and Trust.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Office of the Sheriff - Deputy Sheriffs and Labor Organizations. Description: Increasing from four to five the number of full-time assistant sheriffs provided to the Sheriff of Prince George's County; and providing that benefits other than salary increases for deputy sheriffs in Prince George's County will be negotiated the Fraternal Order of Police rather than the Deputy Sheriffs' Association.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Facial Recognition Technology - Requirements, Procedures, and Prohibitions. Description: Establishing requirements, procedures, and prohibitions relating to the use of facial recognition technology by a law enforcement agency under certain circumstances; requiring The Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to develop and administer a training program regarding the use of facial recognition technology in the course of criminal investigations by June 30, 2025; requiring a law enforcement agency using or contracting to use facial recognition technology to prepare and publish a certain annual report by February 1; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Ground Leases - Collection of Rent, Interest, Fees, and Other Expenses - Registration Requirements. Description: Establishing that ground leases or amendments that are not posted on the State Department of Assessments and Taxation's website are not considered registered or amended; prohibiting a ground lease holder from collecting or attempting to collect rent, late fees, interest, collection costs, and other expenses related to a ground lease unless the ground lease is registered with the Department; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Ground Leases – Notices and Billing – Forms and Requirements. Description: Prohibiting a leasehold tenant of an unregistered ground lease from being required to hold more than 3 years of ground rent in escrow; requiring a ground lease holder to mail certain notices or bills to a leasehold tenant in a certain manner under certain circumstances; requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to make available on its website the form a ground lease hold holder must use to provide to a leasehold tenant a certain notice; requiring a ground lease transferee to send notice of a transfer within 30 days; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Orphans’ Court Judges – Election. Description: Requiring that candidates for judge of the orphans' court appear on the ballot without party designation.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Ground Leases - Redemption and Extinguishment - Requirements. Description: Repealing the prohibition against a tenant who is seeking to redeem or extinguish ground rent providing certain documentation and payments to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation earlier than 90 days after an application for redemption or extinguishment has been posted on the Department's website.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Elevator Safety – Privately Owned Single–Family Residential Elevators – Inspection and Registration Requirements. Description: Establishing that an elevator installed in a privately owned single-family residential dwelling on or after October 1, 2023, is subject to certain inspection and registration requirements; prohibiting the Commissioner of Labor and Industry from disclosing to the public any information about a registered elevator unit installed in a privately owned single-family residential dwelling; and requiring the Commissioner to delete certain registration information on the completion of the final acceptance inspection on a certain unit.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Chiropractic Examiners - Disciplinary Actions. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Chiropractic Examiners to take disciplinary action against an applicant or a licensee for failing to comply with a Board order; authorizing the Board to grant a stay of enforcement of a Board order in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act; prohibiting an order of the Board from being stayed pending judicial review; authorizing the Board to reinstate a suspended or revoked license only in accordance with the terms and conditions of certain orders issued by the Board; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prescription Drug Affordability Board - Upper Payment Limits. Description: Reestablishing the requirement that the Prescription Drug Affordability Board, under certain circumstances, draft a plan of action for implementing a process to set upper payment limits for certain prescription drug products; reestablishing the authority of the Board to set upper payments limits, under certain circumstances, for prescription drug products that are purchased or paid for by or through certain State or local government entities, plans, or programs; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Vesting and Retirement Allowance - Clerk of the Court and Register of Wills. Description: Establishing for a clerk of a circuit court and a register of wills vesting rights and a retirement allowance in the Employees' Pension System after accruing at least 8 years of eligibility service; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Libraries - Funding. Description: Providing certain funding for each county public library system for fiscal year 2028 and each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Indecent Exposure Within the Presence of a Minor. Description: Prohibiting a person from committing the common law crime of indecent exposure; prohibiting a person from, with prurient intent, committing the common law crime of indecent exposure when the person knows or reasonably should know that a minor is present and is at least 2 years old and is more than 4 years younger than the person; and providing a penalty of imprisonment of up to 5 years or a fine of up to $10,000 or both for a certain violation of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force to Study Crime Classification. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study Crime Classification to study and make recommendations regarding a method for classifying crimes and civil offenses under State law and to identify and logically categorize all crimes and civil offenses that exist under State law; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and General Assembly on or before December 31, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Orphans' Court Judges - Restriction on Practicing Law. Description: Altering a prohibition on judges of the orphans' court acting as attorneys to prohibit a judge of the orphans' court from acting as an attorney in matters related to the administration of an estate or a guardianship of a minor within the jurisdiction of the court in any county or Baltimore City, or the preparation of an estate plan or estate planning documents that might come within the jurisdiction of the court in any county or Baltimore City following the death of any individual.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Probation Before Judgment – Probation Agreements. Description: Authorizing a court to stay the entering of a conviction, defer further proceedings, and place a certain defendant on probation subject to reasonable conditions if the court finds facts justifying a finding of guilt; authorizing the State and a certain defendant to enter into a probation agreement under certain circumstances; providing that the entry of a probation agreement under the Act shall be considered a probation before judgment for all other purposes under State law; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Clinical Nurse Specialists - Prescribing. Description: Defining "clinical nurse specialist" and "practice as a clinical nurse specialist" for the purpose of authorizing clinical nurse specialists to prescribe drugs and durable medical equipment under regulations adopted by the State Board of Nursing; designating a clinical nurse specialist as an "authorized prescriber" under the Maryland Pharmacy Act; and authorizing a licensed physician to personally prepare and dispense a prescription written by a clinical nurse specialist.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Massage Therapy - Discipline. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners to grant a stay of enforcement of a Board order in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act; prohibiting an order of the Board from being stayed pending judicial review; authorizing the Board to appeal a decision that reverses or modifies its order; altering the grounds for disciplining massage therapists and procedures related to the discipline of massage therapists, including appeals procedures and reinstatement procedures; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Massage Therapy - Definition, Registration, and Reimbursement. Description: Altering the definition of "massage therapy"; altering the date after which the option to be registered by the State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners to practice massage therapy in a setting that is not a health care setting will no longer be available; and repealing a provision of law that provides that certain provisions of law do not require a nonprofit health insurance plan, an insurer, a health maintenance organization, or a person acting as a third party administrator to reimburse certain individuals for services rendered.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Autism Waiver - Military Families. Description: Requiring, unless the child's family has requested that the child be removed, that a child on the registry for the Autism Waiver remain on the registry if the child's family relocates out of the State for military service.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Government Officials - Public Disclosure of Personal Information. Description: Authorizing a certain government official or an immediate family member of the government official to make a written request that certain personal information be removed from the Internet or from certain other publications; requiring a person who receives a request under the Act to remove the information within 72 hours; and prohibiting the inspection without permission of public records containing the home address or telephone number of certain current and former government officials.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Statewide Recycling Needs Assessment and Producer Responsibility for Packaging Materials. Description: Altering the definition of "organics recycling" to include the processing of certain compostable packaging materials in a certain manner; requiring the Department of the Environment to approve a single producer responsibility organization to represent the interests of producers by October 1, 2023; establishing a producer responsibility advisory council to provide advice and make recommendations regarding establishing and implementing a producer responsibility program in the State for packaging materials; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government – State Facilities Changes and Closures – Procedures. Description: Requiring a principal department of the Executive Branch to give certain notice to the public, the General Assembly, and any exclusive representative with certain bargaining unit employees and hold a public hearing before changing the use, purpose, or function of a State facility or closing a State facility; authorizing a government agency or judicial body that determines an emergency situation posing a certain health risk exists to  modify the timelines required by the Act in a certain manner; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of the Environment - Zero-Emission Medium- and Heavy-Duty Vehicles - Regulations (Clean Trucks Act of 2023). Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to adopt regulations on or before December 1, 2023, establishing requirements for the sale of new zero-emission medium- and heavy-duty vehicles; requiring the Department, in consultation with certain units of State government, to prepare and submit to the General Assembly a certain needs assessment and deployment plan on or before December 1, 2024; altering certain definitions, applicability, and preferences for purposes of the Medium-Duty and Heavy-Duty Zero-Emission Vehicle Grant Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Child Pornography - Accessing and Intentionally Viewing. Description: Prohibiting a person from knowingly or intentionally accessing and intentionally viewing a certain visual representation of a child under the age of 16 years.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Abandoned Vehicles. Description: Adding Anne Arundel County and municipal corporations in the county to the jurisdictions subject to certain provisions of law relating to abandoned vehicles, including provisions governing the time period for reclamation by an owner or secured party, cost recovery by a police department for impoundment, storage, and sale of an abandoned vehicle and certain other vehicles, failure of the owner or secured party to reclaim an abandoned vehicle within the required time period, and registration renewal.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Aging - Long-Term Care and Dementia Care Navigation Programs. Description: Requiring the Department of Aging to oversee and train the staff of long-term care and dementia care navigation programs; requiring each area agency to develop a long-term care and dementia care navigation program that consists of new or existing services; requiring the Department to submit a report, by October 1, 2024, and each year thereafter, to the Governor, the President of the Senate, the Speaker of the House, and certain committees on the services provided; and requiring the Department to publish the report on its website.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Noise Abatement Monitoring Systems - Authorization, Use, and Penalties. Description: Authorizing a local government in certain counties to use noise abatement monitoring systems, if authorized by local law; providing that the owner or driver of a motor vehicle recorded in violation of certain motor vehicle noise requirements is subject to a warning notice; prohibiting a contractor that administers a noise abatement monitoring system from being compensated on a per-ticket basis on the number of warning notices issued; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Licensed Athletic Trainers - Dry Needling Approval. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Physicians to approve licensed athletic trainers to perform dry needling, a certain type of intramuscular manual therapy involving the insertion of one or more solid needles into the muscle and related tissues to effect change in the muscle and related tissues; requiring 80 hours of instruction in a certain continuing education course, including 40 hours of practical, hands-on instruction under the guidance of a certain licensed health care practitioner; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Services Cost Review Commission - Hospital Rates - All-Payer Model Contract. Description: Requiring that the Health Services Cost Review Commission exercise its authority to consider certain standards when determining the reasonableness of certain rates in a manner that is consistent with the all-payer model contract.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: School Buildings - Solar and Geothermal Technology. Description: Requiring a county board of education, during the design development phase of the construction or major renovation of a school building, to evaluate the use of solar panels on the roof of the school and geothermal heating and cooling systems; and prohibiting the Interagency Commission on School Construction from delaying the approval of the construction or major renovation of a school building if a county board's evaluation and report have not been submitted in a timely manner.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Health - Dental Services - Access. Description: Altering the Maryland Dent-Care Program; establishing a requirement regarding the reimbursement of dental-related services under the Maryland Medical Assistance Program; establishing requirements for the Maryland Department of Health regarding the creation and distribution of plain language materials related to dental services; requiring the Department to conduct a study on providing reimbursement for services provided to a Maryland Medical Assistance Program recipient by a certain community health worker; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employee and Retiree Health and Welfare Benefits Program – Domestic Partnerships. Description: Establishing that the terms "spouse", "family", "immediate family", "dependent", and any other terms that denote a spousal relationship shall be construed to include a party to a domestic partnership for purposes of the State Employee and Retiree Health and Welfare Benefits Program; and establishing that the provisions of the Program that apply to spouses shall apply to parties who have entered into a domestic partnership.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax – Out–of–State Taxes Paid by Pass–Through Entities – Addition Modification. Description: Providing, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022, an addition modification under the Maryland income tax for the amount of a certain tax credit claimed for certain taxes paid to another state by a pass-through entity under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commercial Law – Abandoned Property – Alterations. Description: Requiring the Comptroller, as Administrator of abandoned property in the State, to determine the value of certain nonmonetary abandoned property; and authorizing the Administrator, if it is determined the property has no commercial value and need not be offered for sale, to return the property to the holder, destroy the property, or dispose of the property.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Work Opportunity Tax Credit - Technical Correction. Description: Correcting a certain incorrect cross-reference to the federal Internal Revenue Code relating to the federal work opportunity credit.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit - Alterations. Description: Altering eligibility for the State child and dependent care tax credit; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Officers’ Retirement System – Special Death Benefits – Applicability. Description: Authorizing an application for special death benefits to be made for the death of members of the Correctional Officers' Retirement System who were correctional officers who died by homicide after June 1, 2001, were members of the Correctional Officers' Retirement System, and whose death was determined to have arisen out of or in the course of the actual performance of the officers' duties.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Sanitary District - Authorization. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Wicomico County to create a sanitary district.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Institutions of Higher Education - Transcripts - Prohibition on Punitive Measures Related to Student Debt. Description: Prohibiting an institution of higher education from refusing to provide a current or former student with a transcript or taking other punitive measures regarding a student's transcript request because the student owes a debt to the institution of higher education.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Administration - Driver Education Program - Cannabis or Alcohol. Description: Requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to include in the curriculum for a standardized driver education program information on the laws relating to and the risks of driving while under the influence of cannabis or alcohol.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Commission on LGBTQIA+ Affairs - Alterations. Description: Renaming the Commission on LGBTQ Affairs to be the Commission on LGBTQIA+ Affairs; increasing the number of members of the Commission from 15 to 21; altering certain qualifications for members appointed to the Commission; staggering the terms of Commission members; and altering the duties of the Commission.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Reckless and Negligent Driving - Penalties (Sherry's and Christian's Law). Description: Providing that a person charged with negligent driving must appear in court and may not prepay the fine if the negligent driving contributed to an accident that resulted in the death of another person; and establishing a penalty for a person convicted of a violation of the prohibition on reckless driving of imprisonment not exceeding 5 days or a fine not exceeding $1,000 or both.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Registers of Wills - Electronic Filing and Signatures. Description: Requiring a register of wills to accept certain documents filed electronically through a system established by the register of wills; and prohibiting a register of wills from refusing to accept a document based on the manner in which it was signed.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Charitable Organizations. Description: Altering the definition of "charitable contribution" to exclude an authorization for or a discount on the use of certain services or materials, equipment, or facilities for purposes of provisions of law regulating charitable organizations and charitable representatives; and authorizing the Maryland Secretary of State to accept certain documentation in place of an audit or a review in connection with a charitable organization's registration statement.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Home- and Community-Based Services for Children and Youth. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to expand access to and provide reimbursement for certain wraparound, intensive in-home, and case management services; requiring, beginning in fiscal year 2024, the Behavioral Health Administration to fund 100 slots in the mental health case management program for children or youth at risk of out-of-home placement who are not eligible for Program services; requiring the Governor to include funding in the annual budget bill for certain behavioral health services and supports; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Fire-Fighting Training - Oriented Strand Board - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting the setting on fire or burning of oriented strand board for certain fire-fighting training; and establishing an administrative penalty not exceeding $500 for a first violation of the Act and a civil penalty not exceeding $1,000 for a second or subsequent violation of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force to Assess the Viability for No-Charge Phone Calls for State Incarcerated Individuals (Keeping Families Connected Act of 2023). Description: Establishing the Task Force to Assess the Viability for No-Charge Phone Calls for State Incarcerated Individuals; requiring the Task Force to analyze data related to no-charge prison phone call programs in other states, evaluate the projected program cost to the State, and evaluate and make recommendations to allow for no-charge phone calls by individuals confined in State correctional facilities while minimizing financial cost to the State; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations by December 31, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospital Credentialing - Reappointment Process for Physician Staff - Modification. Description: Requiring that the credential reappointment process for physician staff included in certain minimum standards for hospitals licensed in the State be conducted in accordance with standards of the accreditation body that accredits a hospital, rather than every 2 years.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Paint Stewardship. Description: Requiring producers of architectural paint or a representative organization to submit a plan for the establishment of a Paint Stewardship Program to the Department of the Environment on or before July 1, 2024, and in accordance with certain requirements; requiring the Department to review and approve certain plans, including a certain assessment, submitted in accordance with the Paint Stewardship Program; prohibiting the sale of certain architectural paint under certain circumstances beginning January 1, 2025; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - On-Farm Composting Facilities - Permit Exemption. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to adopt regulations to exempt an on-farm composting facility from the requirement to obtain a permit if the on-farm composting facility uses 10,000 square feet of area or less for active food scrap composting, composts only certain materials, records the amount and source of off-site type 2 organics composted and the date and time the off-site type 2 organics arrived on the farm, retains the records for 5 years, provides records on request, and meets any other condition for a permit exemption; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Higher Education Commission - Access to Mental Health Advisory Committee - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Access to Mental Health Advisory Committee within the Maryland Higher Education Commission to study the policies and procedures adopted by institutions of higher education in the State regarding access to mental health care and the prevention and treatment of mental illness in students; and requiring the Committee to report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion Day. Description: Requiring the Governor annually to proclaim March 9 as 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion Day.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Consortium on Coordinated Community Supports - Membership - Alteration. Description: Altering the membership of the Maryland Consortium on Coordinated Community Supports to include a school counselor certified by the State Department of Education, designated by the Maryland School Counselor Association.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Currency - Campaign Finance Prohibitions - Disclosures by Financial Institutions. Description: Prohibiting certain persons subject to campaign finance regulation from making or accepting monetary contributions or monetary donations using any currency other than United States currency; prohibiting a campaign finance entity or a person acting on behalf of a campaign finance entity from making a monetary expenditure using any currency other than United States currency; authorizing the State Administrator of Elections or the Administrator's designee to investigate potential violations of the Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Maryland Civic Excellence Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Maryland Civic Excellence Program to recognize students and public schools that promote the civic readiness and civic engagement of students in public schools in the State; requiring each participating local school system, beginning with the 2024-2025 school year, to award a student a Seal of Civic Excellence if the student meets certain criteria and designate a public school as a Center of Civil Excellence under certain circumstances, and to submit an annual report to the Department of Education by July 1 starting in 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: National Capital Strategic Economic Development Fund - Annual Appropriation and Authorized Uses. Description: Altering the amount of a certain appropriation the Governor is required to make for the National Capital Strategic Economic Development Fund; and repealing a provision of law requiring 100% of the National Capital Strategic Economic Development Fund to be used for community enhancement projects in sustainable communities located, at least in part, within the boundary created by Interstate 495 in the State and the District of Columbia beginning in fiscal year 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Earnable Compensation, Nonvested Former Members, and Immediate Vesting. Description: Specifying that the definition of "earnable compensation" does not include certain payments; requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to pay a nonvested former member's accumulated contributions to the nonvested former member's designated beneficiary or estate if the nonvested former member dies before withdrawing the member's contributions; providing a list of individuals who immediately vest on taking certain offices; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hunting - Snares, Traps, and Other Similar Devices - Identification Requirement. Description: Requiring a person who is not required to be licensed or permitted under certain provisions of law to obtain a free Department of Natural Resources identification number before using a snare, a trap, or another similar device to capture wildlife; and requiring a person who uses a snare, a trap, or another similar device to capture wildlife to ensure the person's Department identification number is stamped on the device or on a metal tag affixed to the device.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System - Frostburg City Police Department. Description: Requiring membership in the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System for local law enforcement officers of the Frostburg City Police Department under certain circumstances; providing that an individual is entitled to eligibility service and creditable service that was earned before the effective date of the Frostburg City Police Department's participation in the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Sheriff's Sales - Procedures and Subordinate Interests. Description: Establishing that a sheriff's sale of real property extinguishes subordinate liens on the land being sold; providing that certain provisions of the Act do not impair a lien on land affected by a judgment in favor of a local government for real property maintenance violations or nuisance condition violations that is indexed and recorded in accordance with the Maryland Rules; and authorizing the Judiciary to transfer up to $12,000,000 of a General Fund appropriation to a certain special fund on or before June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Actions for Possession - Pet Protections. Description: Requiring the Department of Agriculture to develop, publish, and regularly update a fact sheet on the care and protection of pets in the event of an eviction or any other loss of possession of real property; requiring a landlord to provide a link to the fact sheet at the execution of a lease on or after November 1, 2023; requiring a sheriff or any other official to return a pet to a tenant or certain other person or to contact an animal shelter or rescue organization; prohibiting the leaving of a pet on public property; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Care Providers - Registration and Licensing - Exemptions. Description: Exempting certain family child care homes, large family child care homes, and child care centers that serve only dependent children of military personnel and are located on a military base or federal property or certified by a branch of the U.S. Department of Defense or the U.S. Coast Guard from certain registration and licensing requirements for child care providers in the State; authorizing certain entities to assume responsibility for approving or determining which children may be served by exempted child care providers; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Forestry Education Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Forestry Education Fund to expand and enhance the Maryland Forestry Foundation's capacity to provide certain education and resources to forest landowners, the ability of district forestry boards and the knowledge of local governments to achieve healthy and sustainable forests, and the ability of businesses to test innovative best management practices in forestry; and requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill $250,000 for the Fund in fiscal years 2025 and 2026.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health - Workforce Development - Fund Established. Description: Establishing the Behavioral Health Workforce Investment Fund to provide reimbursement for costs associated with educating, training, certifying, recruiting, placing, and retaining behavioral health professionals and paraprofessionals; providing that money expended from the Fund is supplemental to and not intended to supplant other funding; and requiring the Maryland Health Care Commission, in coordination with certain other agencies, to conduct a comprehensive behavioral health workforce needs assessment by October 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Veterans Affairs - Burial in State Veterans' Cemeteries - Spouses and Dependents. Description: Requiring the Department of Veterans Affairs to bury the eligible spouse or dependent of a veteran in a State veterans' cemetery without charge.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Elections - Municipal Elections - Publication of Results on Website. Description: Requiring the State Board of Elections to publish municipal election results on its website immediately after a municipality submits its election results; and requiring, withing 30 days after the results of a municipal election are certified, the municipality to submit to the State Board an electronic copy of the election results for each office or question voted on at the election.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal and Civil Trespass - Professional Land Surveyors - Exception. Description: Establishing exceptions to certain criminal prohibitions against trespass on property and the civil tort of trespass for professional land surveyors, and agents and employees of professional land surveyors, who enter the property of another to practice land surveying.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq Conflicts Scholarship - Altering Name of Scholarship. Description: Altering the name of the Veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq Conflicts Scholarship to be the Douglas J. J. Peters Veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq Conflicts Scholarship.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Attorney General - Independent Investigations Division - Authority to Prosecute. Description: Expanding the investigative jurisdiction of the Independent Investigations Division of the Office of the Attorney General to include a police-involved incident resulting in serious bodily injury to an individual that is not otherwise within the jurisdiction of the Division; requiring the Division to submit an annual report on its activities in the prior calendar year to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before January 31; authorizing the Attorney General to prosecute certain criminal matters under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Prohibited Liability Agreements - Recreational Facilities. Description: Establishing that a provision in a contract or agreement relating to the use of a recreational facility that purports to release the recreational facility from, limit, or indemnify or hold harmless the recreational facility against, liability for bodily injury is void and unenforceable when the bodily injury is caused by or results from the negligence or other wrongful act of the recreational facility or its agents or employees.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Victims of Child Sex Trafficking and Human Trafficking - Safe Harbor and Service Response. Description: Altering procedures that a law enforcement officer and a court are required to follow when the law enforcement officer or court has reason to believe that a child who has been detained is a victim of sex trafficking or a victim of human trafficking; providing that a minor may not be criminally prosecuted or proceeded against under certain provisions of law for a certain offense if the minor committed the offense as a direct result of being a victim of sex trafficking or being a victim of human trafficking; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corrections - Incarcerated Individuals. Description: Altering the term "inmate" to be "incarcerated individual" meaning an individual who is actually or constructively detained or confined in a correctional facility.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Grocery Stores and Restaurants - Automated External Defibrillator Program (Joe Sheya Act). Description: Requiring the owners and operators of grocery stores with annual gross incomes greater than $10,000,000 or restaurants with annual gross incomes of more than $1,000,000, beginning on January 1, 2025, to place an automated external defibrillator in a prominent, accessible area and maintain the functionality of the defibrillator; requiring the Maryland Department of Health and the Maryland Institute for Emergency Medical Services Systems jointly to adopt certain regulations; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City Young Readers Program and Young Readers Matching Grant Program - Alterations. Description: Transferring the Baltimore City Young Readers Program and the Young Readers Matching Grant Program to the Maryland State Library Agency and requiring the State Librarian to administer the programs; authorizing public libraries to apply for grants from the Young Readers Matching Grant Program; requiring the State Library Board, on or before December 1, 2024, to report every other year to the General Assembly on the effectiveness of the Young Readers Matching Grant Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Local Government Tort Claims Act – Cambridge Waterfront Development, Inc.. Description: Altering the definition of "local government" under the Local Government Tort Claims Act to include the Cambridge Waterfront Development, Inc., in Dorchester County; and providing that a requirement to provide notice of a claim does not apply to unliquidated damages actions against the Cambridge Waterfront Development, Inc. or its employees.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Talbot County - Board of Education - Election of Officers. Description: Altering the timing of the annual election of the officers of the Talbot County Board of Education to be at its last meeting at the end of each calendar year, or at the meeting in December each year.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Talbot County - Speed Monitoring Systems - Intersection of Maryland Route 333 (Oxford Road) and Bonfield Avenue. Description: Authorizing the placement and use of a speed monitoring system at the intersection of Maryland Route 333 (Oxford Road) and Bonfield Avenue in Talbot County, subject to placement and signage requirements; requiring the fines collected by the Town of Oxford as a result of violations enforced by a speed monitoring system to be used to assist in covering the cost of roadway and pedestrian safety improvements in the Town of Oxford; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County – Alcoholic Beverages – Modification of Seating Requirements. Description: Modifying the seating requirements for Class B, Class BR, and Class C beer, wine, and liquor licenses in Carroll County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Public Facilities Bond. Description: Authorizing and empowering the County Commissioners of Carroll County to borrow not more than $65,600,000 in order to finance the construction, improvement, or development of certain public facilities in Carroll County, and to effect such borrowing by the issuance and sale at public or private sale of its general obligation bonds; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Alcoholic Beverages - Multiple Event Entertainment Licenses. Description: Establishing an annual fee of $2,000 for a multiple event entertainment alcoholic beverages license where the number of events is 41 or more per year in Carroll County; and repealing the limit on the total number of days for which a multiple event entertainment license may be used.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Financial Institutions – Mortgage Loan Originators – Independent Contractors. Description: Altering certain provisions of law relating to the licensing of mortgage loan originators to provide for the licensing of certain independent contractors as mortgage loan originators under certain circumstances; requiring licensed mortgage lenders to supervise certain activities of certain mortgage loan originators in a certain manner; and requiring the Commissioner of Financial Regulation to submit a report to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2024, on mortgage loan originators.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Black Bear Damage Prevention and Reimbursement Fund - Uses. Description: Altering the Black Bear Damage Reimbursement Fund to authorize grants from the Fund to be made for projects that prevent damages caused by black bears and reduce conflicts between black bears and humans; renaming the Fund to be the Black Bear Damage Prevention and Reimbursement Fund; increasing the maximum amount of reimbursement from the Fund per person annually authorized for damage caused by black bears to $5,000; authorizing the Governor to include at least $50,000 in the annual budget bill for the Fund; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Nonpublic Education - Placements of Children With Disabilities - Teacher Salaries (Teacher Pay Parity Act). Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to adopt regulations to ensure that children with disabilities who need special education and related services that cannot be provided in a public county, regional, or State program be placed in an appropriate nonpublic educational program that offers these services; requiring the State and certain counties to pay for costs of salaries for teachers at certain nonpublic schools in a certain amount and proportion; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders - Funding - Repeal of Sunset. Description: Repealing the termination date of certain provisions of law requiring the Comptroller to distribute a certain amount of certain abandoned property funds to the Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders Fund which provides grants to the University of Maryland School of Law, the University of Baltimore School of Law, and the Maryland Volunteer Lawyers Service to operate tax clinics for low-income Maryland residents.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Town of Mount Airy (Carroll County and Frederick County) - Urban Renewal Authority. Description: Granting the Town of Mount Airy in Carroll County and Frederick County the authority to exercise urban renewal powers within an urban renewal area under Article III, Section 61 of the Maryland Constitution; and authorizing the municipality to levy certain taxes and issue general obligation bonds and revenue bonds to carry out urban renewal powers.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Healthy Indoor Air Quality Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Healthy Indoor Air Quality Grant Program in the Maryland Energy Administration; providing that the purpose of the Program is to improve indoor air quality by providing grants to qualified individuals or businesses to install indoor air quality equipment, approved by the Administration, in a home, rental dwelling unit, or commercial building that includes enhanced ventilation and filtration systems, bipolar ionization technologies, or ultraviolet lighting; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Wildlife Advisory Commission - Membership. Description: Increasing the membership of the Wildlife Advisory Commission; requiring the Governor to appoint a member to the Wildlife Advisory Commission who is an academic researcher with expertise in wildlife biology, wildlife conservation, wildlife management, or ecology; and requiring the membership of the Commission to include representation from the hunting, wildlife preservation, and passive wildlife recreation communities.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Class 4 Limited Winery License - Food Service. Description: Authorizing the holder of a Class 4 limited winery license to prepare, sell, or serve any food under certain conditions; altering certain requirements for off-premises and on-premises consumption at a limited winery; and removing the 14-day notice requirement for certain planned promotional events at a limited winery.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force to Study Nonpublic Student Bus Transportation. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study Nonpublic Student Bus Transportation to collect information from each local board of education regarding nonpublic school student busing programs, other than those for the transportation of students in special education, and make recommendations as to how the State may support a reduction in the use of passenger vehicles for the transportation of nonpublic school students; requiring the Task Force to report by December 15, 2023, to certain committees of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Sheriff's Salary - Alteration. Description: Altering the salary of the Washington County Sheriff to be 90% of the salary of the State's Attorney of Washington County; and repealing the requirement for the Washington County Salary Study Commission to study and issue a report that contains recommendations relating to the salary of the Sheriff of Washington County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hunting, Wildlife Conservation, and Outdoor Recreation - Funding, Promotion, Management, Licenses, Permits, and Stamps. Description: Altering the purpose of the Heritage Conservation Fund to include acquiring interests in land that can be used by the general public for hunting; establishing the Wildlife Conservation, Education, and Outreach Program to provide outreach and foster an interest in outdoor recreation and stewardship, hunting, and wildlife conservation; establishing a stamp for hunting sika deer; authorizing a nonresident attending a college or university in the State to purchase a resident hunting license; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Board of Public Works Public Comment Act. Description: Requiring the Board of Public Works, for meetings held on or after October 1, 2024, to allow members of the public to submit public comments on agenda items electronically except under certain circumstances; requiring public comments to be included in certain meeting materials and posted and retained online; and requiring an additional staff person at the Board to carry out requirements of the Act.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Law Enforcement - Body-Worn Cameras (Body-Worn Camera Appropriation and Financing Act of 2023). Description: Requiring the Department of General Services, in coordination with the Department of Information Technology, to negotiate certain contracts with third parties for the acquisition or maintenance of body-worn cameras, equipment, or technology for certain law enforcement agencies; requiring the Department of Information Technology, in coordination with the Department of General Services, to study the cost and feasibility of implementing a statewide uniform storage and access system for law enforcement body-worn camera data; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – West North Avenue Development Authority – Membership and Procurement. Description: Altering the membership of the West North Avenue Development Authority; exempting the Authority from certain provisions of State procurement law; and altering the report on the Authority's comprehensive neighborhood revitalization strategy the Authority is required to submit to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly to be due by December 15, 2023, to include any procurement activities undertaken by the Authority, and to be also submitted to the House Health and Government Operations Committee.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland African American Museum Corporation - Board of Directors - Membership. Description: Altering the membership of the Board of Directors of the Maryland African American Museum Corporation.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Regional Institution Strategic Enterprise Zone Program – Alterations and Financing. Description: Altering the period of time, from 5 to 10 years, that an area may be designated as a Regional Institution Strategic Enterprise (RISE) zone; increasing the number of RISE zones that the Secretary of Commerce may approve in Baltimore City; extending the termination date of the RISE Zone Program to January 1, 2030; requiring the Department of Commerce to study the effectiveness of the RISE Zone Program and report to the General Assembly, on or before December 15, 2024, on the Department's recommendations for improving the effectiveness of the Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Minority Business Enterprise Program - Extension and Reports. Description: Altering to July 1, 2025, the termination date for certain provisions of law governing the Minority Business Enterprise Program and its application to offshore wind projects and video lottery terminals; and altering the date by which certain reports, studies, and guidelines must be submitted.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Unlawfully Restrictive Covenants - Modification by Counties or Municipalities. Description: Authorizing a county or municipality to execute and record a restrictive covenant modification to an unlawfully restrictive covenant for a property within the boundaries of the county or municipality after providing persons with an ownership interest in the property with 30 days' written notice; providing that persons with an ownership interest in property that is subject to an unlawfully restrictive covenant may decline action by a county or municipality to execute and record a restrictive covenant with certain notice; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Waterway Incident Notification System (WINS) Workgroup. Description: Establishing the Waterway Incident Notification System (WINS) Workgroup to study issues and factors regarding the feasibility of establishing a Waterway Incident Notification System to notify members of the public of certain waterway emergencies; requiring the Workgroup to submit an interim report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2023, and a final report on or before September 30, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Recounts – Procedures. Description: Requiring a petitioner for a recount to select the method for conducting the recount; limiting the methods from which the selection must be made to rescanning the ballots using certain vote tabulating equipment, a manual recount of voter-verifiable paper records, or any other recount method approved by the State Administrator; and requiring a local board of elections to preserve and store certain voter-verifiable paper records in a certain manner and count duplicate ballots in a manual recount after review of the paper record.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - False Statements - Emergency or Commission of Crime (Antiswatting Act of 2023). Description: Prohibiting a person from making or causing to be made a false statement, report, or complaint to a governmental emergency report recipient with reckless disregard of causing bodily harm to an individual as a direct result of a response to the statement, report, or complaint; and providing that a person who violates the Act, in addition to any penalties imposed, is civilly liable to an individual harmed by the violation.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Senior Higher Education Institutions – Reproductive Health Services Plans – Requirements. Description: Requiring, on or before August 1, 2024, certain public senior higher education institutions, in consultation with students, to develop and implement a reproductive health services plan; requiring the University of Baltimore, in lieu of developing and implementing a reproductive health services plan, to provide students with access to over-the-counter contraception in a certain manner; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health, on request, to provide assistance to a public senior higher education institution in developing the plan.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Circuit Court Judgeships. Description: Increasing the number of resident judges of the Circuit Court for Baltimore County from 20 to 21.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) Program - Account Establishment - Procedures. Description: Establishing certain procedures regarding the persons who may establish or receive distributions from an ABLE account in the Maryland ABLE Program for a certain eligible individual; and requiring the Maryland 529 Board to adopt certain procedures regarding the establishment and operation of an ABLE account by a person other than a certain designated beneficiary.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Sign Language Interpreters Act. Description: Establishing a licensing and regulatory system for sign language interpreters under the State Board of Sign Language Interpreters in the Office of the Deaf and Hard of Hearing; establishing the Sign Language Interpreters Fund to be used exclusively to cover the actual documented direct and indirect costs of fulfilling the Board's duties, including the development of programs to assist the licensure of marginalized interpreters, the development of certain mentorship programs, and financial assistance for certain applicants; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County – Class B–ECF/DS (Education Conference Facility/Dining Service) License – Towson University. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore County to issue a Class B-ECF/DS (Education Conference Facility/Dining Service) license for use at certain Towson University events; and providing an annual license fee of $2,000.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - State Library Resource Center - Funding. Description: Altering the calculation of certain funding for the State Library Resource Center for certain fiscal years.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners of Psychologists - License and Registration Issuance and Renewals - Electronic Means. Description: Requiring the State Board of Examiners of Psychologists to issue electronic licenses and registrations, except under certain circumstances; requiring the Board, on the applicant's request, to print a paper copy of the verification of licensure or registration and send it by first-class mail to the address on the application; repealing the requirement that the Board include certain information on each license and registration; and requiring the Board to send renewal notices by first-class mail under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Early Childhood Development - Child Care Scholarship Program - Alterations. Description: Prohibiting the State Department of Education from increasing the copayment levels, reducing the reimbursement rates, reducing the income eligibility requirements, or implementing an enrollment freeze for the Child Care Scholarship Program in effect as of January 1, 2023, unless certain conditions are met.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Legal Services Corporation - Affordable Life, Wills, and Estate Planning for Seniors Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Affordable Life, Wills, and Estate Planning for Seniors Grant Program in the Maryland Legal Services Corporation to provide eligible seniors access to affordable civil law-related services; and requiring the Governor to provide an appropriation of $225,000 in the annual budget for the Program.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education - Hunger-Free Campus Grant Program - Alterations. Description: Requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2025, to include in the annual budget bill a $225,000 appropriation for the Hunger-Free Campus Grant Program; requiring public institutions of higher education and regional higher education centers to include at least $25,000 in cash or in-kind contributions as part of the matching requirement for the Program; requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to allocate at least $25,000 and not more than $150,000 to institutions and centers for certain activities; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax Checkoff - Maryland Veterans Trust Fund. Description: Establishing a certain income tax checkoff for voluntary contributions to the Maryland Veterans Trust Fund; and requiring, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024, the Comptroller to include a checkoff on individual income tax return forms for voluntary contributions to the Fund and to include certain information in each individual income tax return package.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Transportation - Citizens Committee for the Enhancement of Communities Surrounding BWI Thurgood Marshall Airport - Modification. Description: Altering the membership and duties of the Citizens Committee for the Enhancement of Communities Surrounding Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport to include the development and advancement of additional categories of projects; and increasing the amount in the annual budget for the State Department of Transportation designated by the State Secretary of Transportation for certain grants from $1 to $2 for every takeoff and landing of an aircraft that occurs at BWI Thurgood Marshall Airport for the most recent calendar year.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Procurement - Construction Contracts - Contract Modification Clause. Description: Requiring a procurement contract for construction to include a clause providing for contract modification when there is a substantial increase or decrease in the price of materials required to complete the contract, according to prevailing average market prices and as determined by the unit, due to certain factors.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Community College Tuition and Residency Waivers - Funding. Description: Authorizing the Governor to include in the annual State budget for the Maryland Higher Education Commission an appropriation of $10,000,000 to fund State-mandated community college tuition and residency waivers; and requiring the Commission to report to the General Assembly by December 1, 2024, and each December 1 thereafter on the number of students receiving a tuition or residency waiver for certain categories and the amount of funds provided to each community college.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public School Construction - Grant Programs, Approvals, and Administration - Alterations. Description: Repealing the School Safety Grant Program and the Aging Schools Program as of June 30, 2026; altering provisions relating to school construction approvals by the State Superintendent of Schools; establishing the Interagency Commission on School Construction as an independent unit of State government; providing a removal process for members of the Interagency Commission; repealing the requirement for the Board of Public Works to approve grants awarded under a certain capital grant program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics - Planning Grant Funds and Demonstration Application. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to apply to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration at the Center for Mental Health Services for federal planning, development, and implementation grant funds related to certified community behavioral health clinics for fiscal year 2025; and requiring the Department to apply to the Administration for inclusion in the state certified community behavioral health clinic demonstration program for fiscal year 2026.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Video Lottery Terminal Proceeds - Purse Dedication Account - Ocean Downs Race Course Operating Loss Assistance. Description: Altering the authority of the Ocean Downs Race Course to use certain Purse Dedication Account funds generated from video lottery terminal proceeds for operating loss assistance to support a certain minimum number of live racing days at the racecourse.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Employee Relations Act. Description: Consolidating and altering certain laws governing collective bargaining for certain public employees, including laws related to the establishment of bargaining units, elections and certification of exclusive representatives, employee and employer rights, unfair labor practices, and strikes and lockouts; establishing the Public Employee Relations Board to oversee collective bargaining activities for certain public employees; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System - Membership - Emergency Medical Technicians. Description: Authorizing membership in the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System for certain emergency medical technicians under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Officers' Retirement System - Transfer of Membership - Modifications. Description: Making certain members of the Correctional Officers' Retirement System eligible to receive creditable service at retirement for unused sick leave accrued by the member in the State Employees' Retirement System or State Employees' Pension System; and requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to transfer certain individuals' Employees' Retirement System or Employees' Pension System service to the Correctional Officers' Retirement System on June 30, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians – Inactive and Emeritus Status. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Physicians to place a licensee on emeritus status under certain circumstances; requiring the Board, under certain circumstances, to reinstate the license of an individual who is on inactive or emeritus status; exempting licensees who are on inactive status or emeritus status from continuing medical education requirements; repealing the requirement that the Board issue a license to an individual who is on inactive status under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation - Benefits - Offset and Study. Description: Altering the circumstances under which the payment of a benefit by a governmental unit or quasi-public corporation to a covered employee offsets the liability for benefits under the workers' compensation law; and stating that it is the intent of the General Assembly that the Maryland Association of Counties and the Professional Fire Fighters of Maryland jointly research and report data and analysis on the effects of the Act by December 1, 2024, to interested parties and certain committees of the General Assembly.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Ballot Issuance, Processing, and Reporting Procedures and 2024 Primary Date. Description: Requiring a local board of elections to send, not later than 43 days before an election, a ballot to voters who have made a request and qualify to vote by absentee ballot; altering the procedures for the canvassing of and curing of errors on absentee and provisional ballots; prohibiting the tabulation of absentee ballot vote totals before the polls open; requiring, in 2024, the statewide primary election and the primary election for municipal offices in Baltimore City to be held on the second Tuesday in May; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Class A-7 Licenses. Description: Repealing certain geographic and temporal restrictions on the issuance of Class A-7 beer, wine, and liquor licenses in Baltimore City.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Accessory Dwelling Unit Policy Task Force. Description: Establishing the Accessory Dwelling Unit Policy Task Force to survey and document a representative sampling of State and local codes, ordinances, laws, and policies regarding the development and operation of accessory dwelling units in areas zoned for single-family residential use; and requiring the Task Force to report to the Governor and General Assembly its activities on or before November 1, 2023, and its findings and recommendations on or before June 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Maryland Child Abduction Prevention Act. Description: Authorizing a court to order child abduction prevention measures if the court finds there is a credible risk of abduction of the child; authorizing certain parties to petition the court for child abduction prevention measures; requiring a petition to be verified, include a copy of any existing child custody determination, and specify the risk factors for abduction; requiring the court to consider certain evidence of a credible risk of abduction; establishing requirements for an abduction prevention order; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County – Tax Sales – Auctioneer Fees. Description: Increasing, from $8 to $10, the auctioneer's fee for the tax sale of property in Garrett County for each property sold.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Restitution Orders – Recording Fees. Description: Altering a certain provision to prohibit a court from assessing certain costs on a certain person or governmental unit for recording and indexing an order of restitution issued by any court in the State instead of the court in which the judgment of restitution was entered.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Certified Local Farm and Fish Program - Establishment. Description: Altering the Certified Local Farm Enterprise Program to be the Certified Local Farm and Fish Program; expanding the purpose of the Program to include food from certified Chesapeake invasive species providers in the overall percentage goal for certain procurement contracts; altering the Certified Local Farm Enterprise Food Aggregation Grant Fund to be the Certified Local Farm and Fish Food Aggregation Grant Fund; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force on Reducing Emergency Department Wait Times. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Reducing Emergency Department Wait Times to identify root causes of wait times in emergency departments in the State and make recommendations, including legislative, regulatory, or other policy initiatives, regarding best practices for reducing emergency department wait times that should be implemented in the State; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Provision of Veterinary Services - Practice of Veterinary Medicine and Rabies Vaccines. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners to issue a license to an animal control facility to administer rabies vaccines; requiring the Board to establish an expedited process to authorize a veterinary practitioner who holds a current, valid license to practice veterinary medicine in another state or jurisdiction to become licensed to practice veterinary medicine in the State; and requiring the Secretary of Health to allow certain individuals to administer rabies vaccines under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victims of Sexually Assaultive Behavior. Description: Requiring a certain assistant State's Attorney with knowledge of the case to meet with a victim of sexually assaultive behavior or the victim's representative within 20 days after receiving a request from the victim regarding a decision by the Office of the State's Attorney  not to file a charging document or to dismiss charges against an alleged suspect; requiring the assistant State's Attorney, at the meeting, to explain the justification for a certain decision; and establishing certain requirements for the meeting.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Wastewater Facility Supplemental Operations and Maintenance Grant Program – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Wastewater Facility Supplemental Operations and Maintenance Grant Program for the purpose of providing competitive grants for publicly owned wastewater facilities facing operations and maintenance challenges that threaten the ability of the facility to discharge clean water and meet certain laws; authorizing the Governor, for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter, to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $10,000,000 for the Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County – Alcoholic Beverages Licenses – Residency Requirement. Description: Requiring at least one applicant for an alcoholic beverages license in Carroll County to be a resident of the State, rather than the county, when an application is filed and to remain a resident of the State for the license to remain valid; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Environmental Health Specialists - Revisions. Description: Altering the education requirements for an applicant for licensure as an environmental health specialist to include a minimum of 30 semester credit hours or the equivalent quarter credit hours in certain sciences and laboratory coursework as required in regulations adopted by the Board of Environmental Health Specialists; requiring the Board to administer examinations to applicants at least once a year; and altering the grounds for which the Board may take disciplinary action against an applicant or a licensee.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Kent County - Board of Education - Student Member. Description: Altering the membership of the Kent County Board of Education to include a student member; and providing for the initial term of the student member of the county board.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Condominiums - Declarations and Mandatory Insurance Coverage - Alterations. Description: Exempting certain condominium units from a requirement to include certain information in a declaration; and altering the types of elements and units for which a council of unit owners is required to maintain certain property insurance and altering certain requirements for the property insurance policy.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Financial Assistance - Medical Bill Reimbursement Process. Description: Establishing requirements related to the reimbursement of out-of-pocket costs paid by certain hospital patients who were eligible for free care, including requirements related to the consideration of data and the reporting and disclosure of certain information; authorizing the imposition of a fine not exceeding $50,000 per violation if a hospital fails to provide refunds to qualifying patients; making a violation of the Act an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice subject to penalties under the Maryland Consumer Protection Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Drinking Water - Indirect Potable Reuse Pilot Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Indirect Potable Reuse Pilot Program in the Department of the Environment for the purpose of authorizing the regulated use of reclaimed water as a source for drinking water treatment facilities; providing for the issuance of potable reuse permits under the Pilot Program; applying certain public participation requirements to potable reuse permits; requiring the Department to submit a report on the status of the Pilot Program to the Governor and General Assembly on or before December 31, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Judges of the Orphans' Court - Compensation. Description: Authorizing the County Executive and County Council of Prince George's County to determine the compensation for the judges of the Orphans' Court for Prince George's County.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission to Advance and Strengthen Fire Fighting and Emergency Medical Services Within Maryland. Description: Establishing the Commission to Advance and Strengthen Fire Fighting and Emergency Medical Services Within Maryland to study and make recommendations regarding the effectiveness and viability of certain incentives, offerings, or practices employed in other states to attract, support, and retain individuals in fire fighting and emergency medical services roles; and requiring the Commission to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Black Bass Conservation Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Black Bass Conservation Fund in the Department of Natural Resources as a special, nonlapsing fund to further black bass management; requiring the Department to administer the Fund; requiring the Department to establish a process through which an individual who purchases a certain license online may make a voluntary donation to the Fund; and requiring interest earnings of the Fund to be credited to the Fund.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Cosmetologists - Licensing - Eyelash Extensions. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Cosmetology to issue a limited license to provide eyelash extension services.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Eligible Projects - Procurement of Construction Materials (Buy Clean Maryland Act). Description: Requiring producers of eligible materials to submit environmental product declarations to the Department of General Services by December 31, 2024; requiring the Department to assess and establish a maximum acceptable global warming potential for certain categories of eligible materials used in certain eligible projects; requiring a unit of State government to specify the eligible materials that will be used in an eligible project in the solicitation for an eligible project; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Historic Trust - Historic Preservation Loan Fund - Qualified Cooperating Nonprofit Organizations - Transfers. Description: Altering the uses of the Historic Preservation Loan Fund; and authorizing the Maryland Historic Trust to transfer funds from the Fund to a qualified cooperating nonprofit organization for certain purposes.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: University System of Maryland - Board of Regents - Quasi-Endowment Funds. Description: Authorizing the Board of Regents of the University System of Maryland to make transfers of not more than $150,000,000 subject to certain conditions to establish quasi-endowment funds; and authorizing the Board to use investment income produced by quasi-endowment funds in accordance with the University System of Maryland Policy on Endowment Fund Spending Rule to provide need-based student financial aid.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Deputy Sheriffs and Correctional Deputies - Employment Conditions and Collective Bargaining. Description: Altering the grounds on which a deputy sheriff having a rank of major or below in Washington County may be discharged after 2 years of continuous employment; providing that a special deputy sheriff in Washington County is not a State employee for certain purposes; authorizing sworn deputy sheriffs at the rank of sergeant and below and correctional deputies at the rank of sergeant and below to engage in collective bargaining with the Washington County Sheriff and the County Administrator; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Home Improvement Commission - Guaranty Fund and Award Limits. Description: Increasing the funding level of the Home Improvement Guaranty Fund that is administered by the Home Improvement Commission from $250,000 to $1,000,000; increasing a certain Fund threshold that determines whether a fee is assessed to each contractor; and increasing the limit, from $100,000 to $250,000, on the amount of money the Commission may award from the Fund to all claimants for the acts or omissions of a single contractor, subject to a certain reimbursement to the Fund.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Restorative Aquaculture Pilot Program. Description: Requiring the Department of Natural Resources to establish a Restorative Aquaculture Pilot Program to provide financial incentives to holders of aquaculture leases who maintain the lease in accordance with certain criteria, maintain the restorative conditions for at least 4 years, and meet certain other criteria the Department considers necessary; authorizing a holder of an aquaculture lease who is participating in the Pilot Program to meet certain requirements by shellfish seed planting only; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax Credit - Disabled Law Enforcement Officers and Rescue Workers - Definition and Eligibility. Description: Requiring a county or municipal corporation to define, by law, who is a law enforcement officer or rescue worker; and altering eligibility for the tax credit to include certain disabled law enforcement officers or rescue workers who were domiciled in the State within a certain number of years before the officer or worker died or was determined to be disabled; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages Districts - Legislative Districting Plan References. Description: Updating certain provisions of law regarding Baltimore City alcoholic beverages districts to refer to the Legislative Districting Plan of 2022; and requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to grant a certain exemption to certain persons under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Sports Entertainment Facilities – Financing and Construction. Description: Altering the amount of taxable or tax exempt bonds that the Maryland Stadium Authority may issue for certain sports entertainment facilities from $200,000,000 to $220,000,000; altering the entities from which the Authority is required to have received a request for financing and construction management services concerning a sports entertainment facility; altering the entities with which the Authority is required to enter into an agreement before issuing bonds to finance a sports entertainment facility; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate Brokers, Salespersons, and Associate Brokers - Continuing Education Courses - Alterations. Description: Altering the requirements for the subject matter of continuing education courses for licensees issued an initial license by the Real Estate Commission.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program - Alterations. Description: Expanding the forms of financial assistance available under the Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program; altering eligibility requirements for projects that may receive financial assistance under the Program; altering the time period when applications may be submitted under the Program; repealing certain restrictions on the amount of financial assistance that may be provided under the Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Trusts - Decanting (Maryland Trust Decanting Act). Description: Establishing rules governing the exercise of the decanting power to distribute the property of a first trust to one or more second trusts or to modify the terms of a first trust.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages – Manufacturer’s Licenses and Off–Site Permits. Description: Extending the termination date, to June 30, 2024, for provisions relating to the authorization of holders of certain manufacturer's licenses to sell and deliver and to directly ship their own alcoholic beverages products to certain individuals under certain circumstances; establishing the maximum amount of beer and liquor that holders of certain manufacturer's licenses may directly ship to consumers in a calendar year; delaying the effective date for the authorization of certain manufacturer off-site permits to July 1, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Audiology, Hearing Aid Dispensing, Speech-Language Pathology, and Music Therapy Act - Definitions and Application. Description: Altering the definition of "hearing aid dispensing" to include certain actions taken for the purpose of ordering certain hearing instruments and specifying that certain hearing instruments include prescription hearing aids; altering the definition of "practice audiology" for purposes of certain provisions of law governing the licensure of audiologists to include prescribing, ordering, selling, dispensing, or fitting hearing aids to an individual for the correction or relief of a condition for which hearing aids are worn; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Limitations on Summoning Law Enforcement or Emergency Services - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a landlord from using a lease or form of lease that contains a provision that limits a tenant's ability to summon, or penalizes a tenant or another individual solely for summoning, the assistance of law enforcement or emergency services; prohibiting a landlord from taking certain retaliatory actions because a tenant or another individual summons the assistance of law enforcement or emergency services for certain purposes; prohibiting a local jurisdiction from enacting certain laws; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Procurement Improvement Council - Membership and Duties. Description: Altering the membership of the Procurement Improvement Council to add the Comptroller and the Attorney General; authorizing the Comptroller and the Attorney General to send designees to attend meetings of the Council if the Comptroller or the Attorney General is unable to attend; and expanding the duties of the Council to include providing a forum for the discussion of strategies to increase the participation of small, minority-owned, and women-owned businesses in procurement contracts.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Film Production Activity Income Tax Credit - Alterations and Maryland Entertainment Council. Description: Expanding eligibility for the credit against the State income tax for certain film production activities to include documentaries and talk, reality, and game shows; increasing the percentage of total direct costs that qualify for the tax credit; increasing the aggregate amount of tax credit certificates that the Secretary of Commerce may issue for fiscal years 2024 through 2026; establishing the Maryland Entertainment Council to study and make recommendations regarding Maryland's film, television, and entertainment industry; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Police Retirement System, Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System, and Judges' Retirement System - Surviving Spouse Benefit - Same-Sex Spouses. Description: Authorizing the correction of the designated beneficiary election for certain retirees of the State Police Retirement System, Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System, or Judges' Retirement System who retired on or before December 31, 2012, if the retiree named an individual of the same sex to be a designated beneficiary and the retiree married the designated beneficiary on or after January 1, 2013.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate Appraisers - Licensing and Certification - Qualifications. Description: Altering the qualifications for a real estate appraisal license and for a certificate for residential or general real estate to include completion of certain criteria in the Practical Applications of Real Estate Appraisal program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Public Facilities Bond. Description: Authorizing and empowering the County Commissioners of St. Mary's County, from time to time, to borrow not more than $56,000,000 in order to finance the construction, improvement, or development of certain public facilities in St. Mary's County, and to effect such borrowing by the issuance and sale at public or private sale of its general obligation bonds; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Bond Authority - YMCA Facility. Description: Authorizing and empowering the County Commissioners of St. Mary's County to borrow not more than $15,000,000 in order to finance the construction, improvement, or development of a YMCA facility in St. Mary's County contingent upon certain conditions, and to effect such borrowing by the issuance and sale at public or private sale of its general obligation bonds; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program – Gender–Affirming Treatment (Trans Health Equity Act). Description: Requiring, beginning on January 1, 2023, the Maryland Medical Assistance Program to provide gender-affirming treatment in a nondiscriminatory manner; requiring that the gender-affirming treatment be assessed according to nondiscriminatory criteria that are consistent with current clinical standards; prohibiting the issuance of an adverse benefit determination related to gender-affirming treatment unless a certain experienced health care provider has reviewed and confirmed the appropriateness of the determination; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Frederick County - Sheriff - Salary. Description: Altering the annual salary of the Sheriff of Frederick County to be equal to the salary of a Department of State Police lieutenant colonel, at the highest available step for a lieutenant colonel under the Department of State Police pay plan.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Transportation – Commission to Study Establishing a Baltimore Regional Transit Authority. Description: Establishing a Commission to Study Establishing a Baltimore Regional Transit Authority; requiring the Commission to conduct a comprehensive study of establishing a Baltimore Regional Transit Authority; and requiring the Commission to submit a report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before October 31, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Amortization of Unfunded Liabilities and Surpluses. Description: Altering the amortization periods to be used for certain unfunded liabilities or surpluses of the State Retirement and Pension System.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workgroup to Study the Fiscal and Operational Viability of Public-Private Partnerships for Calvert County Public Schools. Description: Establishing a Workgroup to Study the Fiscal and Operational Viability of Public-Private Partnerships for Calvert County Public Schools; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Board of Calvert County Commissioners, the Calvert County Board of Education, the Interagency Commission on School Board Construction, the Calvert County Delegation, and the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force to Study Solar Incentives. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study Solar Incentives to study the types and impact of solar energy incentives and make recommendations regarding measures and incentives needed to ensure that the State meets the solar energy goals established in the State's renewable energy portfolio standard, minority business participation, the creation of good quality jobs, equitable access to renewable energy, and efficient use of land; and requiring the Task Force to submit its report to the General Assembly on or before December 15, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Land Conservation - Establishment of Goals and Programs (Maryland the Beautiful Act). Description: Establishing certain goals and programs related to land conservation; establishing the Local Land Trust Revolving Loan Program to provide loans to land trusts to purchase land for conservation purposes; authorizing the Maryland Environmental Trust to exercise certain remedies under certain circumstances; prohibiting a person from making any false statements affecting a Local Land Trust Revolving Loan Program loan; establishing the 40 x 40 Land Conservation Implementation Grant Program to support land conservation goals; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sediment Control Plans, Discharge Permits for Stormwater Associated With Construction Activity, and Notice and Comment Requirements. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to review and update specifications for sediment control plans in a certain manner on or before December 1, 2025, and every 5 years thereafter; prohibiting the Department from authorizing the discharge of stormwater associated with construction activity under a general discharge permit unless certain requirements are satisfied; and requiring the Department to take certain public notice and comment actions if a person makes a written request within the public notification period of the permit.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: City of Annapolis - Alcoholic Beverages - Art Establishment. Description: Establishing an art establishment beer and wine license in the City of Annapolis; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners to issue the license to sell or serve beer and wine for on-premises consumption to a nonprofit organization primarily engaged in certain arts-related activities; and establishing an annual license fee of $1,000.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Managed Care Organizations - Retroactive Denial of Reimbursement - Information in Written Statement. Description: Altering the information that must be included in a written statement provided by a managed care organization to a health care provider when retroactively denying reimbursement as a result of coordination of benefits.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Recordation Tax - Indemnity Mortgage Exemption - Threshold Amount. Description: Increasing the threshold amount for certain indemnity mortgage transactions that are exempt from the recordation tax from $3,000,000 to $12,500,000; and applying the Act to all instruments of writing recorded on or after July 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Residential Construction - Electric Vehicle Charging. Description: Establishing and altering certain requirements related to the installation of equipment for the charging of electric vehicles during the construction of certain housing units; clarifying that a county or municipal corporation may require a greater number of electric vehicle parking spaces; requiring the Maryland Energy Administration to study certain issues related to the installation of electric vehicle parking spaces at multifamily residential buildings and submit a report to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2023; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Lynching Truth and Reconciliation Commission - Reporting and Sunset Extension. Description: Extending the time for the submission of the final report of the Maryland Lynching Truth and Reconciliation Commission to December 1, 2025; and extending the termination date for the Commission to June 30, 2026.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System – Nonvested Accounts – Regular Interest. Description: Requiring a certain rate of interest on certain member contributions in active members' nonvested accounts in the State Retirement and Pension System if the members have not withdrawn contributions from the nonvested accounts and are not eligible to receive a certain vested allowance; and applying the Act retroactively.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Janet L. Hoffman Loan Assistance Repayment Program - Mental Health Professionals in Public Schools. Description: Expanding the purpose of the Janet L. Hoffman Loan Assistance Repayment Program to include assisting in the repayment of loans for mental health professionals serving as school psychologists, resource psychologists, psychologist coordinators, social workers, social worker supervisors, or mental health coordinators employed by county school systems or certain local health departments in the State; and requiring the Office of Student Financial Assistance to publicize the Program to eligible mental health professionals for a certain purpose.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Private Well Safety Act of 2023. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to adopt regulations by December 31, 2026 to identify additional standards for water quality testing; requiring the Department, subject to certain funding, and in consultation with the Department of Information Technology, to utilize an online portal to receive and upload certain information and to provide public access to the information; requiring the Department of the Environment to consistently share the information collected with the Maryland Department of Health and local health departments; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Frederick County - Residential Property Sales - Contract Disclosures. Description: Requiring, in Frederick County, the seller of residential property  that is located within 0.5 miles of a National Priorities List (NPL) Superfund site to provide the buyer with an addendum to the contract for the sale of the property that contains, in conspicuous type, identification of the Superfund site and its proximity to the property, the definition of a NPL Superfund site, and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Search for Superfund Sites Where You Live website; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City Sheriff – Staffing. Description: Increasing from one to three the number of assistant sheriffs required to be appointed by the Baltimore City Sheriff; and altering the staff the Baltimore City Sheriff is authorized to appoint to include four social workers and any additional sworn or civilian personnel that are funded by the Sheriff's operating budget or by any other funding source.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Violation of Pretrial or Posttrial Condition by Incarcerated Person - Victim Contact. Description: Prohibiting a certain incarcerated person from violating a condition of pretrial or posttrial release or other pretrial or posttrial condition prohibiting the person from contacting, harassing, or abusing an alleged victim or going in or near an alleged victim's residence or place of employment.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Service Commission - Certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity - Local Permits. Description: Establishing that a county or a municipal corporation has the authority to approve or deny any local permit required under a certificate of public convenience and necessity issued by the Public Service Commission for generating stations, transmission lines, and qualified generator lead lines; requiring a county or municipal corporation to approve or deny the local permits within a reasonable time and to the extent local laws are not preempted by State law; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Maryland Meals for Achievement In-Classroom Breakfast Program - Annual Appropriation. Description: Increasing the appropriation required by the Governor in the annual budget bill for the Maryland Meals for Achievement In-Classroom Breakfast Program from $7,550,000 to $12,050,000.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County - Task Force to Study School Bus Operator Contracts and Wages. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study School Bus Operator Contracts and Wages in Charles County; requiring the Task Force to study issues related to student transportation, bus driver wages, and multiyear contracts for bus contractors in Charles County and to research best practices in surrounding jurisdictions related to the facilitation of student transportation; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the members of the Charles County Delegation to the General Assembly on or before September 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission to Study Trauma Center Funding in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Commission to Study Trauma Center Funding in Maryland to study the adequacy of trauma center funding across the State for operating, capital, and workforce costs; and requiring the Commission to report its finding and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland State Department of Education - Employee Status and Designation. Description: Requiring the Secretary of the Budget and Management to assign certain  employees of the State Department of Education to the executive, management, professional, and skilled services of the State Personnel Management System and to assign certain employees to certain bargaining units; and requiring that these employees suffer no diminution of pay or benefits.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Financing Transactions. Description: Requiring that certain revenue, fees, and examination and investigation fees and assessments relating to commercial financing transactions be credited to the Nondepository Special Fund; and regulating commercial financing transactions, including by establishing requirements related to disclosures, calculations of annual percentage rates, terms of repayments, and other related items, and the extension of special offers.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Designations – State Spirit – Maryland Rye. Description: Designating Maryland Rye or Maryland Rye Whiskey as the State spirit.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Rural Health Collaborative Pilot Repeal and Mid Shore Health Improvement Coalition Funding. Description: Repealing the provisions of law establishing and governing the Rural Health Collaborative Pilot; and requiring the Governor to provide an appropriation in the State budget in certain fiscal years to the Mid Shore Health Improvement Coalition.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Libraries - Aging Infrastructure Improvement Grant Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Aging Infrastructure Improvement Grant Program to be administered and developed by the State Library Agency to provide funds for public library systems to address the aging infrastructure needs identified in the 2022 Statewide Facilities Needs Assessment; requiring the State Library Agency, by October 1 each year, to make grant recommendations to the State Library Board; authorizing the Governor, in each of fiscal years 2024 to 2029, to include $50,000,000 in the annual operating or capital budget for eligible projects; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Expungement and Shielding - Probation Before Judgment for Driving While Impaired or Under the Influence. Description: Authorizing a person to file a petition listing relevant facts for expungement of certain records relating to a probation before judgment for driving while impaired or driving while under the influence; authorizing a certain person to petition a court to shield certain records relating to a probation before judgment for driving while impaired or driving while under the influence; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Town of Forest Heights (Prince George's County) - Urban Renewal Authority for Blight Clearance. Description: Granting the Town of Forest Heights in Prince George's County the authority to exercise urban renewal powers in areas zoned for commercial use for blight clearance and redevelopment under Article III, Section 61 of the Maryland Constitution; and authorizing the municipality to levy certain taxes and issue general obligation bonds and revenue bonds to carry out urban renewal powers.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Incompetency to Stand Trial – Dismissal of Charges and Victims’ Rights. Description: Altering the time period after which a court is required to dismiss a certain charge against a defendant found incompetent to stand trial under certain circumstances; and authorizing a victim or victim's representative to petition the court to extend the time for dismissal of certain charges against a defendant found incompetent to stand trial.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Hemp Farming Program - Consumable Hemp Products. Description: Authorizing a person to produce consumable help products for sale by the person; and requiring the person offering a consumable hemp product for sale to ensure that the consumable help product is tested by a State-authorized cannabis or hemp testing laboratory to ensure the consumable hemp product meets applicable safety standards and the tetrahydrocannabinol content of the consumable hemp product does not exceed 0.5 milligrams of tetrahydrocannabinol per serving or 2.5 milligrams of tetrahydrocannabinol per package.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Care Facilities - Nursing Homes - Acquisitions and Licensure. Description: Requiring the Maryland Health Care Commission to provide certain information regarding the acquisition of a nursing home to the Office of Health Care Quality; requiring the Secretary of Health to consider the information before taking action regarding licensure to operate a nursing home; and requiring the Commission, in consultation with certain stakeholders, to study and make recommendations regarding the expansion of the certificate of need program over acquisitions of nursing homes and issue a report on or before December 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Procurement – Minority Business Enterprises and Veteran–Owned Small Business Enterprises – Participation Goal Scorecard. Description: Requiring the Governor's Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to develop a scorecard to evaluate units of State government on the units' performance toward meeting certain participation goals under the Minority Business Enterprise Program and the Veteran-Owned Small Business Enterprise Program; establishing a certain grading scale for the scorecard; and requiring grades achieved by each unit to be published each year on the Office's website.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health and Human Services Transportation Improvement Act of 2023. Description: Repealing the $500,000 cap on the amount of grants that may be awarded by the Maryland Transit Administration under the Maryland Senior Rides Program; repealing the $400,000 cap on funding for the Job Access and Reverse Commute Program; establishing the State Coordinating Committee for Health and Human Services Transportation to examine the transportation needs of residents of the State who are elderly, have a disability, or require transportation to access jobs, medical and other health-related appointments, and certain programs; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Procurements - Minority Business Enterprise Utilization Programs - Certification. Description: Requiring that a county or municipality that operates a minority business enterprise utilization program for county or municipal procurements and has a process for the certification of minority business enterprises shall accept as certified a person that holds a certification as a minority business enterprise by the State certification agency.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance – Step Therapy or Fail–First Protocol – Revisions. Description: Requiring certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, or health maintenance organizations to establish a certain process for requesting an exception to a step therapy or fail-first protocol; prohibiting certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, health maintenance organizations, and pharmacy benefits managers from requiring more than a certain number of prior authorizations for a prescription for difference dosages of the same prescription drug; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cannabis Reform. Description: Renaming the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission to be the Alcohol, Tobacco, and Cannabis Commission; establishing the Maryland Cannabis Administration as an independent unit of State government; establishing a regulatory and licensing system for adult-use cannabis; imposing the sales and use tax on the sale of adult-use cannabis at 9%; requiring the Administration, on or before July 1 2023, to convert medical cannabis licenses to licenses to operate a medical and adult-use cannabis business; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Port of Deposit State Historical Park - Planning. Description: Altering composition of the stakeholder advisory committee to advise the Department of Natural Resources on the scope and management of Port of Deposit State Historical Park; requiring the Department to make a certain report to the General Assembly on or before September 1, 2024; extending the deadline for the Bainbridge Development Corporation to transfer certain property to the Department to June 1, 2025; authorizing the Governor to include in the State budget an appropriation of at least $400,000 for certain purposes; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Sales - Revisions. Description: Authorizing the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to file a motion with a court to request that a certain certificate of sale be assigned to the governing body of the county or municipal corporation in a certain foreclosure action under certain circumstances; providing that, on a grant of the motion by the court, the holder of the certificate of sale forfeits certain rights and the amount paid to acquire the certificate of sale; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Charles County - Alcoholic Beverages - Unlicensed Establishments. Description: Repealing the requirement that live entertainment be offered or provided by an unlicensed establishment for certain prohibitions relating to alcoholic beverages in Charles County to apply; and altering the conditions under which certain exemptions apply.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County - Property Tax - Credit for Volunteer Emergency Responders. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Charles County to grant, by law, a  tax credit against the property tax imposed on the owner-occupied residence of certain emergency responders and their surviving spouses if the federal adjusted gross income of the emergency responders or unmarried surviving spouses for the immediately preceding taxable year is $150,000 or less; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County - Board of County Commissioners - Meetings. Description: Requiring the Board of County Commissioners for Garrett County to meet at least twice a month; authorizing the Board to hold public meetings in person or through live video streaming; and prohibiting the Board from meeting solely through live video streaming for more than two consecutive meetings without a formal declaration of a state of emergency.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Program Participation - Cannabis Business Establishments. Description: Prohibiting the Department of Commerce from denying certain cannabis business entities conducting business in the State certain economic development program benefits under certain circumstances; clarifying the eligibility of certain cannabis business entities conducting business in the State under the Job Creation and One Maryland programs; authorizing certain cannabis business entities to reapply for benefits under certain economic development programs; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Forest Preservation and Retention. Description: Altering the definition of "qualified conservation" for purposes of provisions of law related to forest mitigation banks; altering exemptions from certain afforestation, reforestation, and preservation requirements; altering certain methods of calculating forest afforestation, reforestation, and preservation requirements; adding certain tree plantings and practices as methods that certain municipal corporations may use to meet afforestation or reforestation requirements; providing for judicial review of certain plans; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Fire, Rescue, or Emergency Medical Services Entities - Peer Support Programs. Description: Altering the defined term "peer support counseling program" for peer services offered to fire, rescue, or emergency medical services members to be "peer support program"; and requiring peer support programs to be evidence-based.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Drunk Driving Offenses - Ignition Interlock System Program. Description: Requiring, subject to a certain exception, the Motor Vehicle Administration to require certain persons who are convicted of, or granted probation before judgment for, certain criminal offenses related to driving while impaired by alcohol to participate in the Ignition Interlock System Program for certain periods of time.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance – Maryland Automobile Insurance Fund – Assessments. Description: Altering the formula for the calculation of certain assessments by the Maryland Automobile Insurance Fund; requiring the Board of Trustees of the Fund, under certain circumstances, to authorize the Fund to withdraw certain amounts from the money held by the Fund from a prior overassessment; prohibiting members of the Industry Automobile Insurance Association from being subject to an annual assessment under certain circumstances; requiring in a certain fiscal year that additional funds be allocated to the Fund; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Preserve Telehealth Access Act of 2023. Description: Extending to June 30, 2025, the inclusion of certain audio-only telephone conversations under the definition of "telehealth" for the purpose of certain provisions of law relating to reimbursement and coverage of telehealth by the Maryland Medical Assistance Program and certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations; requiring the Maryland Medical Health Care Commission to study and make recommendations regarding the delivery of health care services through telehealth by December 1, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Relations - Housing Discrimination - Service Dogs. Description: Prohibiting a person from discriminating in the sale or rental of, or otherwise making unavailable or denying, a dwelling to an individual with a disability who has, obtains, or retains a certain service dog; and defining "service dog" as a dog that is individually trained to do work or perform tasks for the benefit of an individual with a disability.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Video Lottery Operation License - Renewal. Description: Altering the number of years before the end of the term of a video lottery operation license that a licensee is required to provide certain notice of intent to renew the license and is authorized to apply for renewal; providing for the term of a renewed license; requiring the State Lottery and Gaming Control Commission to renew a certain license unless the Commission makes a certain finding; requiring the Commission, under certain circumstances, to provide a licensee a certain hearing; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Relations - Civil Rights Enforcement - Powers of the Attorney General. Description: Authorizing the Attorney General to investigate, prosecute, and remediate certain civil rights violations under certain circumstances and in a certain manner; authorizing the Attorney General to intervene in certain causes of action under certain circumstances; establishing certain penalties and authorizing the Attorney General to obtain certain relief in certain civil actions, conciliation agreements, and settlement agreements; authorizing the Attorney General to recover certain investigation and litigation costs in a certain manner; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cigarettes - Wholesalers - Disclosure of Information. Description: Requiring each licensed cigarette wholesaler to submit complete and accurate information in the form and manner the Comptroller requires to facilitate compliance with certain provisions of law relating to cigarettes.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Emergency Management - Consumer Protections Against Price Gouging. Description: Prohibiting a person from selling an essential good or service for more than a certain increase in price during and for a certain time after a certain state of emergency; and requiring the Secretary of State to establish an electronic notification system by which a person may register to receive notifications stating that a state of emergency has been declared and an executive order issued, that the provisions of the Act are in effect, and the categories of essential goods and services that are covered by the executive order.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Towing or Removal of Vehicles - Reclamation Hours. Description: Limiting, to at a minimum from 6 a.m. to midnight, the hours during which a certain person in possession of a vehicle that has been towed or removed from a parking lot is required to provide an opportunity for the vehicle owner or the owner's agent to retake possession of the vehicle; and altering a certain signage requirement imposed on the owner or operator of a parking lot relating to hours during which a towed vehicle may be reclaimed.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Medical Emergency - Immunity. Description: Altering certain provisions relating to immunity from criminal arrest, charge, or prosecution for a person experiencing a medical emergency after ingesting or using alcohol or drugs.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Office of Statewide Broadband - Study of Broadband Expansion Incentives. Description: Requiring the Office of Statewide Broadband within the Department of Housing and Community Development to conduct a study of broadband services, service providers, infrastructure, and private network investors and submit its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Build Our Future Grant Pilot Program and Fund (Innovation Economy Infrastructure Act of 2023). Description: Establishing the Build Our Future Grant Pilot Program in the Department of Commerce to provide funding for certain costs for infrastructure projects in eligible technology sectors; requiring  certain grantees to provide matching funds and to demonstrate certain abilities; establishing the Build Our Future Grant Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund; and requiring the Department to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on the projects funded through and the economic impact of the Program on or before July 1, 2026.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Regulation - Maryland Community Investment Venture Fund - Establishment (Access to Banking Act). Description: Establishing the Maryland Community Investment Venture Fund as an instrumentality of the State to develop opportunities for banking institutions and credit unions to better serve the needs of low- to moderate-income tracts; providing for certain assessment offset credits for certain banking institutions and credit unions in certain areas; authorizing the use of the Banking Institution and Credit Union Regulation Fund for certain purposes; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Service and Civic Innovation and Maryland Corps Program Service Year Option Pathways - Established (Serving Every Region Through Vocational Exploration Act of 2023). Description: Establishing the Department of Service and Civic Innovation; providing that the purpose of the Department is to promote service and volunteerism in the State; establishing the Secretary of Service and Civic Innovation and the duties and responsibilities of the Secretary; altering the provisions of the Maryland Corps Program, including requiring the Department to administer the Program; establishing the Young Adult Service Year Option Pathway Fund; providing for the purposes, use, administration, and contents of the Fund; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Prosperity Act of 2023. Description: Altering the percentage of the federal earned income tax credit used for determining the amount that an individual may claim as a refund under the Maryland earned income tax credit under certain circumstances; repealing a certain limitation on the amount certain individuals may claim as a refund under the earned income tax credit; altering the definition of "qualified child" and income eligibility requirements for purposes of qualifying for a certain credit against the State income tax for certain dependent children; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification for Military Retirement Income (Keep Our Heroes Home Act). Description: Increasing the amount of a certain subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for certain military retirement income received by individuals under the age of 55 years to $12,500 and individuals at least 55 years old to $20,000 during the taxable year for certain military service; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland National Guard - Tricare Premium Reimbursement Program - Establishment (Health Care for Heroes Act of 2023). Description: Establishing the Tricare Premium Reimbursement Program in the Military Department for the Department to award grants to reimburse certain members of the National Guard for the cost of premiums for certain health care and dental care plans; and requiring the Department to adopt regulations to administer and implement the program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Fair Wage Act of 2023. Description: Increasing the State minimum wage rate; repealing the authority of the Board of Public Works to temporarily suspend an increase in the minimum wage rate; and repealing the requirement that the Governor's budgets for certain fiscal years include certain provider rate increases.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Community Health Resources Commission - Compensation of Employees and Funding. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Community Health Resources Commission, in consultation with the Secretary of Health, to set the compensation of certain Commission employees; requiring the Secretary of Budget and Management, in consultation with the Secretary of Health, to determine the positions for which the Commission may set compensation; and specifying that the Community Health Resources Commission Fund includes money from the Cigarette Restitution Fund, appropriated in a certain manner.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Recovery Residence Grant Program – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Recovery Residence Grant Program within the Maryland Department of Health to award competitive grants to recovery residences to support operations, services, and programs; requiring the Department to establish certain procedures; requiring the annual budget bill to include $500,000 for the Program in each of fiscal years 2024 through 2027; and requiring the Department to submit an annual report to the Governor and General Assembly about the number of grants and the program's grant recipients by December 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Animal Testing and Research - Human-Relevant Research Funding and Animal Testing and Research Contributions. Description: Establishing the Human-Relevant Research Fund under the administration of the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to provide grants and loans to promote State-funded research intended to develop human-relevant alternatives to using nonhuman animals in medical and product testing and research; requiring, beginning January 15, 2024, research facilities that engage in animal testing or research to pay a contribution, based on a certain number of animals, to the Department of Health; providing a civil penalty for a violation of the Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Goodwill Industries of Chesapeake Excel Center in Baltimore City - Alterations. Description: Altering the name of a recipient from the Goodwill Excel Center to the Goodwill Industries of Chesapeake Excel Center in Baltimore City; and requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $500,000 to the Goodwill Industries of Chesapeake Excel Center in Baltimore City for each of fiscal years 2024 and 2025.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Small Food Banks Grant Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Small Food Banks Grant Program in the Department of Human Services; requiring the Department to give priority to nonprofit entities in the State that conduct assessments, with ongoing data collection to track success, and can demonstrate strong community involvement and partnerships, consistent stakeholder engagement, sustainability with diverse funding streams, innovation, and a focus on underserved communities; and authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill up to $3,000,000 for the Program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child in Need of Assistance - Neglect - Cannabis Use. Description: Providing that the use of cannabis by a parent or certain other individuals who care for a child does not qualify as neglect except in certain circumstances for purposes of provisions of law applicable to children in need of assistance.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employee Rights and Protections - Personnel Actions and Harassment - Complaints. Description: Authorizing an applicant for State employment or a State employee to file a complaint alleging harassment by an employer within 2 years after the alleged violation that is the basis of the complaint; and increasing, from 30 days to 1 year, the period of time for an applicant or employee to file a complaint alleging certain prohibited personnel actions.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Property - Service Agreements - Prohibitions. Description: Prohibiting certain service agreement for maintenance, purchase, or sale of residential property from containing certain provisions; and prohibiting the recordation of service agreements prohibited under the Act.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Officer and Community Wellness Training Grant Fund. Description: Establishing the Officer and Community Wellness Training Grant Fund to provide grants to local law enforcement agencies for Mental Health First Aid for Public Safety training and Critical Incident Stress Management peer support training; and requiring the Governor's Office Of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to administer the Fund and report to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 31 each year on the uses of the Fund.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Care Coordination Value-Based Purchasing Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Behavioral Health Value-Based Purchasing Pilot Program in the Maryland Department of Health to establish and implement an intensive care coordination model using value-based purchasing in the specialty behavioral health system; requiring the Governor, for fiscal years 2025 through 2027, to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $600,000 for the Pilot Program; and requiring the Department to report by November 1, 2027 on the findings and recommendations from the Pilot Program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Care - Treatment and Access (Behavioral Health Model for Maryland). Description: Establishing the Commission on Behavioral Health Care Treatment and Access to make recommendations to provide appropriate, accessible, and comprehensive behavioral health services that are available on demand to individuals in the State; establishing the Behavioral Health Care Coordination Value-Based Purchasing Pilot Program in the Maryland Department of Health; requiring the Department apply for certain federal planning grant funds; requiring the Department to apply to participate in a certain demonstration program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Parkinson's Disease - Advisory Committee and Website. Description: Altering the duties of the Parkinson's Disease Registry Advisory Committee; requiring the Committee to meet quarterly beginning on July 1, 2023; requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in collaboration with the State-designated health information exchange, to establish and maintain a website with certain information related to Parkinson's disease by October 1, 2023; and requiring the Committee to report to certain committees of the General Assembly on recommendations for establishing a fully functional State Parkinson's Disease Registry.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 40th District - Alcoholic Beverages. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a Class C beer, wine, and liquor license in a certain area of the 40th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City to the holder of a Class C beer and light wine license; authorizing the Board to issue a Class A-7 beer, wine, and liquor license in a certain area of the 40th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages – Related Event Promoter’s Permit. Description: Clarifying that the defined term "related event" as it applies to a related event promoter's permit in Baltimore City includes events for which tickets are sold in advance or at the door or cover charges are imposed; reducing the number of days within which a person must apply for a permit, the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City must take certain actions relating to the permit, and alterations may be made to the permit; and altering the standards for determining the permit fee.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Noncompete and Conflict of Interest Provisions - Application of Prohibition. Description: Altering the application of the prohibition on including a noncompete or conflict of interest provision in an employment contract or similar document or agreement that restricts the ability of an employee to enter into employment with a new employer or to become self-employed in the same or similar business or trade.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Surplus Military Equipment Reporting - Extension. Description: Requiring the Department of State Police to submit a report to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before February 1 each year relating to the acquisition of equipment by law enforcement agencies through surplus programs; and requiring the Department of State Police to include on its public website in a prominent location a link to a certain report.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange - State-Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program - Sunset Extension. Description: Extending the termination date of certain provisions of law that establish and govern the funding for the State-Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program; and requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange, in consultation with the Maryland Insurance Administration, to conduct a study on available federal and State subsidies and report its findings and recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - 46th Alcoholic Beverages District - Revisions. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to approve a license expansion to a noncontiguous property with a second separate use permit issued by the City if a certain condition is met; authorizing the establishment and conversion of various alcoholic beverages licenses in the 46th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City; extending for 1 year the expiration of alcoholic beverages licenses issued for certain areas for certain transferal and renewal purposes; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Maryland Statewide Independent Living Council. Description: Codifying the Maryland Statewide Independent Living Council as an instrumentality of the State to submit, monitor, implement, and evaluate the State Plan under the federal Rehabilitation Act in conjunction with Centers for Independent Living in the State; and requiring the Attorney General to be the legal advisor to the Council.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Primary and Secondary Education - Virtual Education. Description: Requiring a teacher preparation program to include certain training related to teaching in a virtual learning environment as a component of instruction; providing that a county board of education may authorize a county superintendent of schools, under certain circumstances, to provide virtual education days to students instead of closing the public schools in the county because of severe weather conditions; altering the requirements for virtual schools established by a county board of education; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Attorney General - Environmental and Natural Resources Crimes Unit - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Environmental and Natural Resources Crimes Unit of the Office of the Attorney General to investigate and prosecute cases against persons that violate State criminal environmental and natural resources laws; requiring, on or before November 30 each year, the Attorney General to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on all the activities of the Unit and any actions taken by the Department of the Environment or the Department of Natural Resources in response to the findings and recommendations of the Unit; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Electricity - Community Solar Energy Generating Systems Program and Property Taxes. Description: Making permanent the Community Solar Energy Generating Systems Pilot Program; requiring a community solar energy generating system to serve at least 40% of its kilowatt-hour output to low-income and moderate-income subscribers under certain circumstances; authorizing a subscription coordinator to act on behalf of a subscriber organization; altering requirements related to the siting and size of certain community solar energy generating systems projects; authorizing the use of consolidated billing for certain charges; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services - Sexual Assault Evidence Collection Kit Reporting Program. Description: Requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to establish and administer a certain reporting program relating to sexual assault evidence collection kits; requiring a law enforcement agency and a person with control or possession of a sexual assault evidence collection kit to report certain information to the program and comply with certain regulations; and clarifying the uses for the Rape Kit Testing Grant Fund.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Transit Administration – Fare Price Requirements – Alterations. Description: Repealing certain requirements that the Maryland Transit Administration increase fares for certain transit services according to the Consumer Price Index; and repealing certain provisions prohibiting the Administration from increasing fares under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Institutions of Higher Education - Sports Wagering Contracts - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting institutions of higher education from entering into a contract with a certain regulated gaming entity or a certain agent of a regulated gaming entity if the institution of higher education receives certain compensation for student participation in certain sports wagering; prohibiting institutions of higher education from entering into a contract with a sports marketing entity if the entity or the institution receives certain compensation for student participation in certain sports wagering; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Gaming - Sports Wagering - Independent Evaluation of Sports Wagering Content and Sports Wagering Facility Application Amendments. Description: Requiring the Maryland Lottery and Gaming Control Commission to identify and license certain independent evaluators to evaluate and rate certain sports wagering content provided by sports wagering experts, sports wagering influencers, and content partners; authorizing the Commission and the Sports Wagering Application Review Commission to consider a request to amend a Class B-2 sports wagering facility license application for the purpose of altering the proposed location of the facility under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Medicaid Waiver Programs – Waitlist and Registry Reduction (End the Wait Act). Description: Requiring certain Medicaid funding to be used to provide community services to individuals waiting for services through certain waiver programs; authorizing certain Medicaid funding to be used for expanding provider capacity in certain waiver programs; and altering the uses of certain funding appropriated to the Dedicated Purpose Account in the fiscal year 2023 budget bill.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Automated External Defibrillator Tax Credit (Joe Sheya Act). Description: Allowing an individual or a business entity to claim a credit against the State income tax for the first $500 of the purchase price of an automated external defibrillator purchased for use at a restaurant location in the State with annual gross income of at least $400,000, subject to certain limitations; prohibiting the credit from being claimed more than once by an individual or business entity for each restaurant location; applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022, but before January 1, 2028; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Services Cost Review Commission - Members - Appointment. Description: Requiring that the members of the Health Services Cost Review Commission be appointed with the advice and consent of the Senate of Maryland.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Abuse and Neglect - Reports and Records - Disclosure. Description: Requiring a local director of a local department of social services or the Secretary of Human Services to disclose certain reports and records of child abuse and neglect within 30 days after receiving a request if certain conditions are met; requiring the Secretary to notify the State's Attorney's office of a request to disclose certain reports and records of child abuse and neglect; requiring the State's Attorney's office to be given 30 days during which the office is authorized to redact certain portions of the reports and records; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Oyster Inspection and Severance Taxes - Increase. Description: Increasing the amount of the inspection tax levied on marketable oysters shipped in the shell to any place outside the State from 30 cents to $1 per bushel; increasing the amount of the severance tax levied on oysters caught within certain natural oyster bars from $1 to $2 per bushel; requiring that $1 of each $2 of the severance tax levied be used by certain county oyster committees for the repletion of natural oyster bars within the waters of the counties; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Historic St. Mary's City Commission Reform Act of 2023. Description: Altering certain provisions of law governing the Historic St. Mary's City Commission, including laws relating to membership of the Commission, appointment of certain officers, Commission meeting times, and duties; and specifying the process for the Commission to collaborate with an affiliated nonprofit organization.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax - Electricity for Agricultural Purposes - Exemption. Description: Providing an exemption from the sales and use tax for the sale of electricity used for agricultural purposes under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Officers’ Pension System – City of Bowie Police Department – Transfers and Purchases of Service. Description: Authorizing a transfer of service credit to, and a purchase of service credit in, the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System for local law enforcement officers of the City of Bowie Police Department hired on or after January 1, 2007, and not later than December 31, 2015, under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Housing - Community Development Program Act - Funding. Description: Requiring the Administrator of a certain abandoned property fund to distribute $5,000,000 to the Community Development Program Fund in fiscal years 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027; altering the contents of the Community Development Program Fund to include any money distributed from a certain abandoned property fund; and repealing a certain provision providing for the construction of certain Acts of the General Assembly concerning the Community Development Program Act.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maternal Mortality Review Program - Local Teams - Access to Records. Description: Requiring certain health care providers and health care facilities to provide to the local team, on request of the chair, prompt access to all relevant medical records associated with a case under review by the Maternal Mortality Review Program without undue delay; and providing that certain provisions of law related to the confidentiality of medical records do not apply to certain disclosures made to a local team.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Sheriff's Office - Salaries and Collective Bargaining. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City, rather than the Secretary of Budget and Management, to set the salaries for deputy sheriffs and certain other employees of the Sheriff in Baltimore City; and altering certain provisions relating to collective bargaining for full-time sworn law enforcement officers and court security officers and sworn law enforcement officers and court security officers in Baltimore City.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Pharmacy - Board Membership, Delegated Pharmacy Acts, and Sunset Extension. Description: Altering the membership of the State Board of Pharmacy to include a registered pharmacy technician; authorizing a licensed pharmacist, under certain circumstances, to delegate the entry of certain data into databases or patient charts to be performed at a remote location to a registered pharmacy technician and a registered pharmacy intern; prohibiting registered pharmacy technicians and pharmacy technician trainees from making decisions requiring the professional judgment of a pharmacist; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electronic Health Networks and Electronic Medical Records - Nursing Homes - Release of Records. Description: Authorizing a nursing home that contracts with or uses an electronic health information network or electronic medical record vendor to direct the network or vendor to release electronic medical records and electronic health care transactions to a business associate of the nursing home.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Regulation Procedures and the Maryland Register. Description: Requiring the Division of State Documents to make at least the 15 most recent issues of the Maryland Register available to the public for online searching; altering the requirements for a unit of State government to submit certain proposed or emergency regulations, work plans, and evaluation reports to the Joint Committee on Administrative, Executive, and Legislative Review, the Department of Legislative Services, and the Administrator of the Division of State Documents; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - State Disaster Recovery Fund. Description: Establishing the State Disaster Recovery Fund to provide disaster recovery assistance to units of local government for individuals and families and for the repair, restoration, reconstruction, or replacement of public facilities, low-interest or no-interest loans to businesses and nonprofits when a federal disaster declaration is not received, and disaster-related assistance for the unmet needs of individuals and families after a federal disaster declaration or in the event of a certain denial of federal assistance; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate - Real Estate Brokerage Services and Termination of Residential Real Estate Contracts (The Anthony Moorman Act). Description: Requiring a real estate broker or an escrow agent, if a purchaser terminates a certain transaction under certain circumstances, to distribute trust money to the purchaser within 30 days after a certain written notice of the termination is sent; requiring a holder of trust money who makes a certain distribution to notify the seller and purchaser of the distribution within a certain period of time, subject to a certain exception; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance Carriers - Requirements for Internal Grievance Process - Modification. Description: Altering the process by which a health insurance carrier is required to provide notice of an adverse decision in nonemergency cases under the internal grievance process established by the carrier for its members.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class HC (Health Club) License. Description: Establishing a 6-day and a 7-day Class HC (health club) beer and wine license in Harford County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the license to a person who sells health club services; exempting the holder of the license from certain distance requirements related to places of worship and schools; establishing an annual fee of $1,300 for a 6-day license and $1,400 for a 7-day license; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Modernization of State Financial Systems - 21st Century Financial Systems Enterprise. Description: Requiring the Office of the Comptroller, the Office of the State Treasurer, the Department of Budget and Management, the Department of Information Technology, and the Department of General Services, in consultation with a representative of the Modernize Maryland Oversight Commission, to develop, implement, manage, and oversee the 21st Century Financial Systems Enterprise; and requiring the Office of the Comptroller to periodically report to the General Assembly on the status of the development of the Enterprise.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Comptroller – Taxpayer Advocate Division. Description: Establishing the Taxpayer Advocate Division in the Office of the Comptroller to assist taxpayers and their representatives in resolving certain taxpayer problems and complaints and represent taxpayers' interests in a certain manner.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance – Tax Parity for Delayed Payments of Benefits. Description: Requiring the Comptroller to provide a certain grant payment to an individual paid certain unemployment insurance benefits after December 31, 2021, but before January 1, 2023, under certain circumstances; and allowing a subtraction under the Maryland income tax for the amounts of grants paid in accordance with the Act.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education - Appointment of Secretary and Student Financial Assistance - Accommodations at Public Institutions for Religious Beliefs. Description: Providing that the Secretary of Higher Education is appointed by, and serves at the pleasure of, the Governor; requiring each institution of higher education to adopt a written policy that provides reasonable academic accommodations for students to practice sincerely held faith-based or religious beliefs; altering eligibility criteria for, and the process for awards from, the Delegate Howard P. Rawlings Program of Educational Excellence Awards; altering the administration of the Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Investor-Owned Electric Companies - Clean Energy Homes Pilot Programs - Establishment (Maryland Resilient and Clean Energy Homes Act). Description: Requiring each investor-owned electric company, on or before January 1, 2025, to file with the Public Service Commission an application for a pilot program to support residential customer adoption of beneficial electrification measures; requiring the pilot program to include a certain make-ready program, a certain rebate program for on-site clean energy systems, a certain multifamily housing facilities clean energy incentive program, and a certain load management and electric grid support services program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's Gateway Development Authority - Established. Description: Establishing the Prince George's Gateway Development Authority in Prince George's County to support and develop a certain neighborhood revitalization plan in coordination with certain residents; and requiring the Authority to report its comprehensive neighborhood revitalization strategy to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly on or before October 31, 2025.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Assisted Living Programs - Unlicensed Programs - Resident Abuse, Exploitation, and Neglect (The Senator Delores Kelley Residents of Unlicensed Programs Protection Act). Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, or the Office of Health Care Quality, to investigate whether residents in an assisted living program have been subject to neglect, exploitation, or abuse if the assisted living program is operating without a license; subjecting certain assisted living programs operating without a license to immediate prosecution under a certain provision of law under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Annual Corrective Bill. Description: Correcting certain errors or omissions in certain articles of the Annotated Code; clarifying language; correcting certain obsolete references; reorganizing certain sections of the Annotated Code; providing that this Act is not intended to affect any law other than to correct technical errors; and providing for the correction of certain errors and obsolete provisions by the publishers of the Annotated Code.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Teacher Degree Apprenticeship. Description: Establishing the Teacher Apprenticeship Startup Grant Program in the Maryland Department of Labor; requiring a sponsor participating in a teacher apprenticeship program to establish an apprenticeship that develops certain career paths and to pay apprentices certain compensation; requiring a sponsor, in coordination with the CTE Committee, to develop a high school level apprenticeship; authorizing the Department to award up to $500,000 to a sponsor to develop and launch a teacher apprenticeship program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Use of Alcoholic Beverages for Educational Purposes. Description: Authorizing certain students who are at least 18 years old and under the age of 21 years to taste certain alcoholic beverages while participating in certain educational classes at certain institutions of higher education without criminal penalty to the student, instructor, or institution of higher education under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Commercial Driver's Licenses and Instructional Permits - Revisions. Description: Altering the expiration date for a commercial driver's instructional permit held by certain individuals; and exempting a holder of a commercial driver's license who applies for renewal from the requirement to pass a vision test if the holder has a current certificate of physical examination on file with the Motor Vehicle Administration.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Reimbursement for Services Rendered by a Pharmacist. Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program, the Maryland Children's Health Program, and certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to provide coverage for all services rendered to an enrollee by a licensed pharmacist within the pharmacist's lawful scope of practice, rather than only certain services, to the same extent as services rendered by any other health care practitioner.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Speed Monitoring Systems - Residential Districts. Description: Establishing that certain provisions of law authorizing the use of speed monitoring systems in certain residential districts apply in Anne Arundel County.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victims' Rights - Notification of Release From Confinement (Jaycee Webster Victims' Rights Act). Description: Requiring a certain commitment unit to include in a notification given to a victim, victim's representative, or witness regarding the release from confinement of a sentenced defendant or child respondent the name and telephone number of the lead victim services employee of the State's Attorney's office of the county in which the sentenced defendant or child respondent was prosecuted.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Abuse and Neglect - Disclosure of Reports and Records. Description: Expanding the circumstances under which a report or record concerning child abuse or neglect may be disclosed to certain school personnel or to a director of a licensed child care facility or licensed child placement agency.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Autonomous Vehicle Converters - Sale of Autonomous Vehicles. Description: Authorizing an autonomous vehicle converter to sell, transfer, lease, offer for sale, or resell a converted autonomous vehicle or a motor vehicle purchased with the intent to convert the motor vehicle into a converted autonomous vehicle; establishing that certain portions of the Act apply only to motor vehicles intended for commercial or industrial use; and prohibiting an autonomous vehicle converter from holding certain occupational vehicle licenses issued under the Maryland Vehicle Law.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Civil Actions - Child Sexual Abuse - Definition, Damages, and Statute of Limitations (The Child Victims Act of 2023). Description: Altering the definition of "sexual abuse" for purposes relating to civil actions for child sexual abuse to include any act that involves an adult allowing or encouraging a child to engage in certain activities or any other sexual conduct that is a crime; repealing the statute of limitations in certain civil actions relating to child sexual abuse; repealing a statute of repose for certain civil actions relating to child sexual abuse; providing for the retroactive application of the Act under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Home Amenity Rentals - Sales and Use Tax Imposed and Local Tax Authorized. Description: Applying the sales and use tax to a sale or use of certain home amenity rentals; and authorizing a county or municipality to impose a certain home amenity rental tax under certain circumstances and subject to certain limitations.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax - Credit for Purchase of Zero-Emission and Hybrid Mobile Machinery. Description: Allowing a credit against the State income tax for the purchase of certain zero-emission and hybrid mobile machinery during taxable years 2024 through 2027 by certain eligible taxpayers for use in the taxpayers' businesses or for rental or lease to the general public; and requiring the Comptroller to report to the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2027, on the utilization of the tax credit.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation - Assaults on Public Transit Operators - Report. Description: Requiring the Maryland Transit Administration to submit an annual report on assaults on public transit operators to certain persons; and requiring the report to include information for the immediately preceding 12 months on the nature of each assault, the mode of transit involved, the location of each assault, whether the police were involved in responding to each assault, and the outcome of any investigation, a comparison of the aggregate data with at least two other states, and a review of current transit industry best practices.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources' Real Property - Exchange With Private Real Property. Description: Authorizing the State to exchange real property owned by the State for the use and benefit of the Department of Natural Resources with private real property under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Military Service Credit. Description: Authorizing members of the State Retirement and Pension System to receive service credit at the rate of 4 months for each full year of attendance at a United States service academy that interrupts the member's employment, not to exceed a total of 16 months.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Energy Storage – Targets and Maryland Energy Storage Program – Establishment. Description: Requiring the Public Service Commission to establish certain targets for the deployment of new energy storage devices in the State; requiring the Commission to establish and implement the Maryland Energy Storage Program to meet certain energy storage goals and develop a certain energy storage system in the State; and requiring the Commission to report to the General Assembly by December 31, 2023, on pending designs for and any additional statutory changes required to fully implement the Maryland Energy Storage Program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Equitech Growth Fund and Commission. Description: Establishing the Equitech Growth Fund in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to support the economic competitiveness and inclusive growth of emerging and advanced industries in the State through the creation of supporting infrastructure assets, resources, and a diverse workforce that builds the strengths of the State's economy; establishing the Equitech Growth Commission; requiring the Governor in each of fiscal years 2025 through 2033 to include $5,000,000 in the annual budget bill for awards from the Fund; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Certificate of Title – Surviving Spouse. Description: Prohibiting the Motor Vehicle Administration from charging a fee for the issuance of a new certificate of title to a surviving spouse under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Support - Reporting of Employment Information - Independent Contractors. Description: Altering the definition of "earnings" in certain provisions of law relating to child support enforcement to include certain payments received by independent contractors; and establishing certain procedures for the reporting of certain employment information concerning certain independent contractors to the Child Support Administration for certain purposes related to child support enforcement.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Deputy State Fire Marshal - Probationary Status and Promotion. Description: Requiring a certain deputy State fire marshal to be on probation for a period of 2 years after the date of appointment to the Office of the State Fire Marshal under certain circumstances; and specifying the pay that a certain deputy State fire marshal is entitled to on promotion.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Youth Camps, Development Organizations, and Programs - Criminal History Records Checks. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to apply to the Criminal Justice Information System Central Repository for criminal history records checks for certain youth camp applicants; requiring that the Department issue a certain written determination to a youth camp within 3 business days; repealing the authority of youth development organizations and programs to request from the Department a determination of whether the results of a criminal history records check would prohibit the hiring of a job applicant; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Support - Sports Wagering and Fantasy Competition Intercept. Description: Making certain provisions of law relating to the authority of the Child Support Administration to intercept lottery prizes won by certain child support obligors under certain circumstances applicable to the winning of certain prizes from sports wagering or fantasy competitions by certain child support obligors under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Architects - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Architects in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2028, the termination provisions relating to certain statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Certified Interior Designers - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Certified Interior Designers in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2034, the termination provisions relating to certain statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Foresters - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Foresters in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2035, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners of Landscape Architects - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Examiners of Landscape Architects in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2034, the termination provisions relating to certain statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Stationary Engineers - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Stationary Engineers in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2034, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Voluntary Cleanup Program - Determination and Recordation Deadlines. Description: Altering determination and recordation deadlines for the Voluntary Cleanup Program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - State Fuel Security Program. Description: Establishing the State Fuel Security Program to be administered and enforced by the Maryland Energy Administration; applying the Program to motor gasoline, middle distillate, propane, certain residential fuel oil, and aviation gasoline; authorizing the Administration, in coordination with the Department of Emergency Management and the Department of Information Technology, to collect, store, and disseminate certain energy-related data for a certain purpose and subject to certain requirements; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Horse Racing - Extension of Maryland Horse Racing Act and Establishment of Maryland Thoroughbred Racetrack Operating Authority. Description: Extending the termination date of the Maryland Horse Racing Act from July 1, 2024, to July 1, 2034; establishing the Maryland Thoroughbred Racetrack Operating Authority; establishing the Maryland Racing Operations Fund to assist the Authority in financing the acquisition, construction, rehabilitation, or other expenses for thoroughbred racetracks in the State; authorizing the Maryland Stadium Authority to transfer money from the Racing and Community Development Facilities Fund to the Maryland Racing Operations Fund; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Credit for Federal Security Clearance Costs - Alterations. Description: Reestablishing a time period of taxable years from December 21, 2022, to January 1, 2028, for a credit against the Maryland income tax for certain costs incurred by employers to obtain federal security clearances for employees, rent certain spaces, and construct or renovate certain sensitive compartmented information facilities in the State; limiting eligibility for the income tax credit to individuals or corporations that employ not more than 500 employees; and applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Department of Assessments and Taxation – Mandatory Retirement Age – Repeal. Description: Repealing the mandatory retirement age for the Director of the State Department of Assessments and Taxation and the supervisor of assessments for a county.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Electronic Copies Fee - Repeal. Description: Repealing a $1-per-page fee for electronic copies of certain documents recorded or filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Product and Service Offerings. Description: Authorizing certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to offer and provide certain products or services in conjunction with a policy at no charge or at a discounted price under certain circumstances; and prohibiting certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations from increasing a premium or denying a claim of a policyholder if the policyholder accepts, rejects, uses, or fails to use a certain product or service.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners of Psychologists - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Examiners of Psychologists in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2025, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physical Therapy Examiners - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Physical Therapy Examiners in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2025, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners in Optometry - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Examiners in Optometry in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2025, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board for Certification of Residential Child Care Program Professionals - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board for Certification of Residential Child Care Program Professionals in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2025, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Disabilities - State Coordinator for Autism Strategy and Maryland Commission on Disabilities - Alterations. Description: Transferring the State Coordinator for Autism Strategy to the Department of Disabilities; requiring the Department to provide staff for the Advisory Stakeholder Group on Autism-Related Needs; and altering the membership of the Maryland Commission on Disabilities to add one individual with a traumatic brain injury.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Carroll County - County Commissioner Districts - Alterations. Description: Altering the boundaries for the county commissioner districts in Carroll County.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workgroup to Study the Wages of Education Support Professionals. Description: Establishing the Workgroup to Study the Wages of Education Support Professionals to determine what percentage of education support professionals in the State earn a living wage and to study increasing the wages of education support professionals to attract and retain skilled workers; and requiring the Workgroup to submit an interim report of its findings and recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before November 30, 2023, and a final report on or before August 31, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Performing Arts Theater License. Description: Establishing in Harford County a performing arts theater beer and wine license that authorizes the holder to sell or serve beer and wine in certain performing arts theaters at retail for on-premises consumption; and establishing an annual license fee of $500.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Refrigerants - Limitations on Use. Description: Providing that, notwithstanding any other provision of law, except for regulations issued by the Department of the Environment, no provision of the State building code or other law or regulation may prohibit or otherwise limit the use of a refrigerant if the refrigerant is designated as acceptable for use under federal listing requirements and any appliance containing the refrigerant meets federal safety standards and use conditions.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Manufacturers and Dealers - Allocation of Vehicles. Description: Requiring that any system operated by a vehicle manufacturer, distributor, or factory branch or its affiliate for allocating new vehicles to dealers be reasonable and fair.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mobile and Manufactured Homes - Relocation Plans and Sales of Communities (Manufactured Housing Modernization Act of 2023). Description: Altering requirements relating to relocation plans for mobile home parks residents who will be dislocated as a result of the change in land use of a park; requiring the owner of a manufactured housing community, 60 days prior to entering into a contract to sell the community, to provide notice of the terms of the offer to homeowners in the community, the Department of Housing and Community Development, and the appropriate housing agency, and to provide the homeowners with the opportunity to purchase the community; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Military Vehicles - Registration and Operation. Description: Authorizing the Motor Vehicle Administration to register certain military vehicles; providing for the registration classification of military vehicles; establishing certain standards and procedures for the registration of military vehicles; requiring an owner of a military vehicle to submit with the registration application a certain certification relating to the purposes for which the vehicle will be operated; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Access to Counsel in Evictions - Funding. Description: Extending through fiscal year 2027 a requirement that the Comptroller distribute $14,000,000 of certain abandoned property funds to the Access to Counsel in Evictions Special Fund; and extending through fiscal year 2027 a requirement that the Governor include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $14,000,000 from the Fund to the Maryland Legal Services Corporation.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Security Guard Agencies, Security Guard Employers, and Security Guards – Standards and Certifications. Description: Requiring an individual who provides security guard services to the individual's employer to be certified as a security guard, subject to a certain exception; regulating certain security guard employers; altering the certification and renewal standards for security guards; requiring the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to identify or establish certain training programs for the certification and renewal of certification of security guards; requiring security guards to complete certain security training programs; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 41st District - Alcoholic Beverages - Licenses. Description: Authorizing, for a certain period of time, the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to exchange a Class B-D-7 beer, wine, and liquor license in a certain area for a Class A-7 beer, wine, and liquor license under certain circumstances; repealing certain geographic and temporal restrictions on the issuance of Class A-7 beer, wine, and liquor licenses in Baltimore City; and altering a certain period of time during which a certain alcoholic beverages license may be issued.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Collection of Unpaid Property Taxes. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to establish an installment payment program for taxes in arrears on owner-occupied residential property; authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to establish a program to divert owner-occupied residential property from the private tax lien sale process into an alternative program for the payment of taxes in arrears; authorizing the collector of taxes in Baltimore City to withhold any owner-occupied residential property from tax sale; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Residential Real Property – Disclaimed Property and Exemptions From Prepayment. Description: Authorizing Baltimore City to acquire certain disclaimed residential real property of a decedent's estate under certain circumstances; exempting, under certain circumstances, grants of residential real property in Baltimore City from the estate of a decedent to an heir of the decedent and transfers of certain disclaimed residential real property to Baltimore City from certain provisions of law requiring the prepayment of certain real property taxes; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Holding Over - Landlord Restrictions and Tenant Remedies. Description: Establishing that the District Court has exclusive original civil jurisdiction over certain residential eviction cases in Baltimore City; authorizing a landlord in Baltimore City to take possession of a dwelling only under certain circumstances; providing that the Act may not be construed to prohibit a landlord in Baltimore City from taking certain measures to secure an unsecured premises if the landlord makes a good faith attempt to provide reasonable notice and promptly restores possession of the property to the tenant; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County – Board of Education – Election of Officers. Description: Altering the number of votes required, to a majority vote of the voting members currently serving, for the members of the Baltimore County Board of Education to elect a chair and vice chair.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Nursing - Peer Advisory Committees, Scopes of Practice, and Licensure Requirements. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Nursing to appoint peer advisory committees to provide advice related to midwifery; authorizing registered nurses certified as nurse-midwives and licensed certified midwives to personally prepare and dispense a starter dosage of certain drugs under certain circumstances; altering the exceptions to the certified midwifery licensure requirement and the qualifications required for a license; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to develop recommendations to expand access to birthing services; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Liquidated Damages - Policies and Requirements. Description: Requiring the Board of Public Works, in consultation with the Procurement Improvement Council, to publish a model policy on or before January 1, 2024, concerning the inclusion and use of liquidated damages provisions in procurement contracts; requiring a unit of State government to adopt a written policy that is substantially similar to the Board's policy; requiring a unit that decides not to include a liquidated damages clause under certain circumstances to obtain the approval of the head of unit; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Offshore Wind Energy - State Goals and Procurement (Promoting Offshore Wind Energy Resources Act). Description: Requiring an application for any new qualified offshore wind project and a certain proposal for an offshore wind transmission facility to be subject to a certain community benefit agreement; requiring the Public Service Commission to request that PJM Interconnection conduct a certain analysis of transmission system upgrade and expansion options; altering the requirements for a certain report on offshore wind projects; requiring the Commission, by a certain date each year starting in 2024, to report on its Supplier Diversity Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Purchasing - Compost, Mulch, and Soil Amendments and Aggregate. Description: Requiring each unit of State government to include certain specifications for certain products produced from recycled or organic materials when establishing procurement specifications for compost, mulch, or other soil amendments or aggregate; and requiring the Maryland Green Purchasing Committee to establish specifications for purchasing of compost, mulch, or other soil amendments or aggregates produced from certain materials and publish and maintain the specification online for use by State agencies.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Preservation and Reuse of Historic Complexes Study and Alterations to the Income Tax Credit for Catalytic Revitalization Projects. Description: Allowing multiple final tax certificates to be issued for a catalytic revitalization project in certain circumstances; and requiring the Smart Growth Subcabinet to study Maryland's historic complexes and make recommendations about an implementation plan to address the preservation and reuse of historic complexes in the State on or before December 31, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health - Reproductive Health Services - Protected Information and Insurance Requirements. Description: Regulating the disclosure of certain information related to legally protected health care by custodians of public records, health information exchanges, and electronic health networks; requiring that the regulations adopted by the Maryland Health Care Commission regarding clinical information to be exchanged through the State-designated health information exchange restrict data of patients who have obtained legally protected health care; establishing the Protected Health Care Commission; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sexual Assault Evidence Collection Kits - Preservation and Storage. Description: Altering requirements for the storage and preservation of sexual assault evidence collection kits; requiring sexual assault evidence collection kits collected before January 1, 2000, to be retained and transferred in a certain manner; and requiring the Maryland Sexual Assault Evidence Kit Policy and Funding Committee, on or before December 1, 2023, to issue a report to the Governor and the General Assembly making certain recommendations, in consultation with the Consumer Protection Division of the Office of the Attorney General.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Primary and Secondary Education - Public School Employees - Job Duties. Description: Altering the duties of an assistant principal on the career ladder; and providing that a requirement for a county board of education to select a certain teacher on the teacher leadership track of the career ladder to write certain curriculum and assessment plans is subject to a certain condition.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Registered Domestic Partnerships. Description: Establishing requirements for the registration and termination of domestic partnerships with the register of wills; repealing provisions on legitimacy and illegitimacy of children and providing for the parentage of a child born or conceived by registered domestic partners; requiring the register of wills to recognize as domestic partnerships relationships established under the laws of other jurisdictions if the laws are substantially similar to the provisions of the Act; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Motor Vehicle Glass Repair or Replacement - Advanced Driver Assistance System Recalibration. Description: Establishing consumer protections related to the repair or replacement of motor vehicle glass on motor vehicles equipped with an advanced driver assistance system; and establishing that a violation of the Act is an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Programs - Residential Programs - Food Service Facility Requirements. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to adopt regulations that establish certain food service facility standards for certain residential programs that have fewer than 17 residents.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Sunday Hunting and Archery Hunting Safety Zones. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person to hunt game birds and mammals on each Sunday of the game bird and game mammal seasons in Wicomico County from 30 minutes before sunrise until 10:30 a.m.; authorizing the Department to allow Sunday hunting on public land in Wicomico County from 30 minutes before sunrise until 10:30 a.m.; and adding Wicomico County to the list of counties in which the safety zone for archery hunters extends 50 yards from certain structures occupied by human beings.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on Preventing and Countering Elder Abuse. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Preventing and Countering Elder Abuse; requiring the Task Force to study existing laws, policies, and practices relating to elder abuse and other crimes commonly committed against older adults and make recommendations regarding changes to State law, policy, and practice that would aid in preventing elder abuse; and requiring the Task Force to submit a final report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Declaration of Rights - Right to Reproductive Freedom. Description: Establishing that every person, as a central component of an individual's rights to liberty and equality, has the fundamental right to reproductive freedom; and prohibiting the State from, directly or indirectly, denying, burdening, or abridging the right unless justified by a compelling State interest achieved by the least restrictive means.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Service Commission - Cybersecurity Staffing and Assessments (Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity Act of 2023). Description: Requiring the Public Service Commission to include on its staff a certain number of experts in cybersecurity to perform certain duties; requiring the Commission to establish, in coordination with the Office of Security Management, cybersecurity standards and best practices for regulated entities, share information on cybersecurity initiatives and best practices with certain entities, collect certain certifications, and submit a certain report; requiring each public service company to report a cybersecurity incident to certain entities; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Cybersecurity - Cyber Maryland Program. Description: Establishing the Cyber Maryland Program in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to create and execute a talent pipeline that materially reduces workforce vacancies by July 1, 2026, build an advanced cybersecurity workforce, and carry out other purposes related to the cybersecurity workforce in the State; establishing the Cyber Maryland Fund; authorizing the Governor to include an appropriation of $250,000 for the Fund in the annual budget bill for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Homeowners' Property Tax Credit - Qualified Homeowner - Application and Certification Requirements. Description: Altering the application requirements for the homeowners' tax credit to allow homeowners with certain types of income to file an application only in the first year the qualified homeowner applies for the credit and every third year thereafter, subject to a certain certification requirement.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program and Health Insurance – Required Coverage for Biomarker Testing. Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program and certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, health maintenance organizations, and managed care organizations to provide coverage for biomarker testing that is supported by medical and scientific evidence; establishing requirements for deductibles, copayments, coinsurance, and utilization review for biomarker testing; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to report on matters related to biomarker testing converage on or before December 1, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange and Maryland Department of Health - Health Care and Dental Care Coverage for Undocumented Immigrants - Report. Description: Requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange and the Maryland Department of Health to develop a report comparing options for offering affordable health care and dental care coverage to State residents who are ineligible for the Maryland Medical Assistance Program, the Maryland Children's Health Program, qualified health plans, or stand-alone dental plans due to the individuals' immigration status; and requiring the Exchange and the Department to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by October 31, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Comprehensive Flood Management Grant Program - Environmental Justice Funding. Description: Requiring at least 40% of funding provided under the comprehensive flood management grant program to be used for projects located in or directly benefitting underserved or overburdened communities; and authorizing the Governor to include in the annual State budget an appropriation of $20,000,000 for the comprehensive flood management grant program in fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Public High School Athletic and Physical Education Facilities - Study. Description: Requiring the Interagency Commission on School Construction to conduct a comprehensive study analyzing the current condition of public high school athletic and physical education facilities in the State and to report its findings and recommendations on or before December 1, 2023; and requiring the Prince George's County Board of Education and the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission, on or before December 1, 2023, to meet to discuss potential partnerships to upgrade public high school athletic and physical education facilities.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County Alcoholic Beverages Act of 2023. Description: Altering a certain condition under which the Board of License Commissioners of Garrett County may issue a certain alcoholic beverages license to a hotel or motel; authorizing a gift basket permit holder to purchase certain alcoholic beverages from a wholesaler; authorizing a holder of a Class C multiple day beer license, beer and wine license, or beer, wine, and liquor license to hold another license that is issued by the Board; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pathways in Technology Early College High (P-TECH) School Program - High School Diplomas. Description: Requiring that each memorandum of understanding establishing a school in the Pathways in Technology Early College High (P-TECH) School Program ensures that each P-TECH student receives a high school diploma immediately following completion of high school graduation requirements.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Annual State Park Pass - Discounts for Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders. Description: Requiring the Department of Natural Resources to provide a discount of at least $40 on annual State park passes for all first responders and law enforcement officers who are Maryland residents.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Worcester County - Natural Resources - Hunting. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person in Worcester County to hunt game birds and game mammals on a Sunday, subject to certain time restrictions, during the open season for that game bird or game mammal; authorizing the Department to allow a person in Worcester County to hunt on public land designated for hunting on Sundays, subject to certain time restrictions; and altering the safety zone from 150 to 50 yards from certain buildings occupied by human beings within which archery hunting may not take place.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Podiatric Physicians. Description: Altering the term "podiatrist" to be "podiatric physician".
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Commission of Real Estate Appraisers, Appraisal Management Companies, and Home Inspectors – Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Commission of Real Estate Appraisers, Appraisal Management Companies, and Home Inspectors in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2026, the termination provisions relating to certain statutory and regulatory authority of the Commission; and requiring an independent evaluation of the Commission to be conducted in consultation with the Office of Program Evaluation and Government Accountability in the Department of Legislative Services.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family and Medical Leave Insurance Program - Modifications. Description: Modifying the Family and Medical Leave Insurance Program by clarifying and altering certain provisions relating to the administration of the Program; establishing the employer and employee shares of the total rate of contribution; prohibiting the total rate of contribution from exceeding 1.2% of an employee's wage; requiring the State to pay for certain contributions for certain covered employees; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to reimburse certain community providers for certain employer contributions in a certain manner; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environmental Health Specialists and Well and Septic Systems Permitting - Studies (Environmental Health Systems Support Act of 2023). Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment and the Maryland Department of Health, in conjunction with the Board of Environmental Health Specialists, to conduct a study on staffing needs for environmental health specialists in local health departments; requiring the Department of the Environment, in consultation with the Department of Legislative Services and the University of Maryland Agriculture and Food Systems Extension Program, to study the delegation of well and septic systems permitting authority; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Libraries - Regional Resource Centers - Governance Requirements. Description: Altering the requirements for governance of libraries designated as regional resource centers; and establishing a governing board for each regional resource center.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Prince George’s County Violence Interrupter Support Program Fund. Description: Establishing the Prince George's County Violence Interrupter Support Program Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund to provide funding for violence interrupter support programs that use community-based efforts to reduce incidents of violence in Prince George's County; authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $1,000,000 to the Fund in fiscal years 2025 through 2028; and requiring interest earnings of the Fund to be credited to the Fund.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Administrative Fees. Description: Altering the method by which administrative fees for participants in the State Retirement and Pension System are calculated by and remitted to the State Retirement and Pension System; and requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to provide certain notice to local participating employers.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Native Plants Program. Description: Establishing the Maryland Native Plants Program to respond to the increasing demand for, use of, and sale of plants native to Maryland by retail garden centers and retail and wholesale nurseries and to educate the public on native plants; requiring the Department of Agriculture to administer the Program in coordination with the University of Maryland Extension; requiring the University of Maryland Extension to hire an extension agent to serve as a native plant specialist for certain educational purposes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Legal Services Corporation Funding – Abandoned Property. Description: Increasing, from $2,000,000 to $8,000,000, the amount that the State Comptroller is required to distribute of certain abandoned property funds each year to the Maryland Legal Services Corporation Fund.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workplace Fraud and Prevailing Wage - Violations - Referrals. Description: Requiring the Commissioner of Labor and Industry to refer to the Comptroller for an investigation by the Field Enforcement Bureau certain complaints that allege a violation of certain tax laws under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Workers' Compensation - Hernia. Description: Establishing that a hernia caused as a result of repetitive trauma may be considered an occupational disease and be compensable subject to certain provisions of the workers' compensation law.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Protecting Against Hate Crimes Grant Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Protecting Against Hate Crimes Grant Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund to make grants to nonprofit organizations, including faith-based organizations, to provide security enhancements to protect against hate crimes; requiring the Executive Director of the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to administer the Fund; and authorizing, for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $5,000,000 to the Fund.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local School Systems - Student Field Trips - Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor to include an appropriation in the annual budget bill of $500,000 for the State Department of Education to provide grants to local school systems for expenses related to student field trips to museums of cultural import.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Holocaust Remembrance Day. Description: Requiring the Governor to annually proclaim January 27 as Maryland Holocaust Remembrance Day; and requiring the proclamation to include a declaration of the purposes of Maryland Holocaust Remembrance Day.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Libraries - Circulation Records - Inspection, Use, or Disclosure Requirement Revision. Description: Altering the circumstances under which public, school, college, or university libraries must permit the inspection, use, or disclosure of the circulation record of an individual.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages – Violation Procedures and Fines. Description: Establishing procedures for the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City, in the case of an alleged complaint against a licensed establishment or license holder, to make an offer of a monetary penalty as a compromise in lieu of a hearing before the Board under certain circumstances; and altering the maximum penalty for certain alcoholic beverages violations.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Statewide Rental Assistance Voucher Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing a Statewide Rental Assistance Voucher Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development to provide vouchers and housing assistance payments for low-income families that are currently on a waiting list under the federal Housing Choice Voucher Program for housing in units approved by the Department or a public housing agency, in accordance with guidelines under the federal program; and requiring the Department and public housing agencies to administer the State Program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland General and Limited Power of Attorney Act - Alterations. Description: Altering a certain statutory form for a general power of attorney by including certain provisions informing the principal and agent of certain matters, granting general authority with respect to tangible personal property and trusts and estates, authorizing the principal to grant the agent certain specific powers relating to successor agents, compensation, gifts or transfers, and opening joint accounts and beneficiary designations, and clarifying the force and effect of the form; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Property Tax - In Rem Foreclosure of Vacant or Nuisance Property. Description: Authorizing certain vacant property or nuisance property located in Baltimore City to be subject to a certain in rem foreclosure process; requiring certain procedures for an in rem foreclosure; requiring Baltimore City to take certain actions to compensate the interested parties in property that has value and is acquired through an in rem foreclosure; specifying the title acquired in an in rem foreclosure; specifying the circumstances under which an in rem foreclosure judgment may be reopened; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Firearm Safety - Storage Requirements and Youth Suicide Prevention (Jaelynn's Law). Description: Altering a certain provision relating to the storage of firearms and ammunition in a location that can be accessed by an unsupervised child; and requiring the Deputy Secretary for Public Health Services to develop a youth suicide prevention and firearm safe storage guide, with recommendations from a stakeholder committee.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Zero Emission Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Council – Membership. Description: Altering the composition of the Maryland Zero Emission Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Council to include a representative of a light-duty plug-in electric drive vehicle manufacturer and a heavy-duty plug-in electric drive vehicle manufacturer and the Secretary of General Services.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Reproductive Health Protection Act. Description: Prohibiting a judge from requiring a person to give certain testimony or a statement or to produce evidence in another state for a case involving an alleged violation of the criminal law of the other state relating to legally protected health care; requiring, subject to certain exceptions, that a request for a foreign subpoena include a sworn statement that the subpoena is not intended or anticipated to further an investigation or proceeding related to legally protected health care; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Administrator of Elections - Removal From Office. Description: Altering requirements for the removal from office of the State Administrator of Elections; and repealing the authority of the State Administrator to continue to serve in office until a successor is appointed and confirmed following a certain vote for removal of the State Administrator.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Western Maryland Economic Future Investment Board and Senator George C. Edwards Fund - Alterations. Description: Altering the composition of the Western Maryland Economic Future Investment Board; establishing an Executive Director for the Board; and altering the manner in which decisions are made regarding certain proposals for funding.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Special Vehicle Registration Plates - Chesapeake Bay Trust and Maryland Agricultural Education Foundation - Appropriation. Description: Requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill beginning in fiscal year 2025 an appropriation for the Chesapeake Bay Trust and Maryland Agricultural Education Foundation, Inc. that is calculated based on the amount of revenue collected from certain special vehicle registration plates in certain fiscal years, adjusted for inflation.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Special and Commemorative Registration Plate – Maryland Heroes. Description: Requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration, in consultation with the Maryland Commission on African American History and Culture, to design and issue a Maryland Heroes registration plate that features the images of Harriet Tubman and Frederick Douglass; requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to charge certain additional registration fees related to the issuance and renewal of the Maryland Heroes registration plate and to distribute the additional registration fees in a certain manner; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Howard County - Board of Education - Terms. Description: Altering the terms of the members of the Howard County Board of Education.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Social Workers - Sunset Extension, Notification of Complete Application, and Workgroup on Social Worker Requirements for Licensure. Description: Continuing the State Board of Social Work Examiners in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2025, the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; establishing the Workgroup on Social Worker Requirements for Licensure to make certain findings and recommendations regarding examination and licensure of social workers in the State; requiring the Workgroup to submit its final report to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Community Health and Safety Works Grant Program and Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Community Health and Safety Works Grant Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development; establishing the Community Health and Safety Works Grant Program Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund to provide financial assistance in the form of grants under the provisions of the Program for certain eligible projects; and requiring interest earnings of the Fund to be credited to the Fund.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore Regional Transit Commission – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Baltimore Regional Transit Commission to review and comment on annual budget requests of the Maryland Transit Administration, updates to the Central Maryland Transportation Plan, and certain annual reports, and to perform other oversight and advocacy duties related to Baltimore region transit services; and requiring the Commission, by December 1 each year, to report its findings and recommendations on the Baltimore region transit systems to the Administration, the Governor, and the General Assembly.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Annual Curative Bill. Description: Generally curing previous Acts of the General Assembly with possible title defects; and generally repealing and reenacting without amendments certain Acts of the General Assembly that may be subject to possible title defects in order to validate those Acts.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore Regional Water Governance Task Force. Description: Establishing the Baltimore Regional Water Governance Task Force to study approaches to water and wastewater governance in the Baltimore region; and requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Mayor of Baltimore City, the County Executive of Baltimore County, the Governor, and the General Assembly on or before January 30, 2024.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pharmacists - Prescription Drug and Device Labels - Expiration Dates. Description: Altering the expiration date that is required to be included, except under certain circumstances, on labels on drugs and devices dispensed in the manufacturer's original packaging by a pharmacist to the expiration date set by the manufacturer or a shorter period determined by the pharmacist.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Edward T. Conroy Memorial Scholarship Program - Surviving Spouses of Service Members. Description: Specifying that a certain surviving spouse of a member of the armed forces is eligible to apply for a scholarship under the Edward T. Conroy Memorial Scholarship Program if the service member died, suffered a service connected disability, or was declared to be a prisoner of war or missing in action under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Workers' Compensation - Permanent Partial Disability - Detention and Correctional Officers. Description: Providing for enhanced workers' compensation benefits for a Baltimore County correctional officer and a Baltimore County detention officer for a compensable permanent partial disability of less than 75 weeks; and providing that the Act applies only prospectively.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development - Industry 4.0 Technology Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Industry 4.0 Technology Grant Program in the Department of Commerce to provide grants to certain small and medium-sized manufacturing enterprises to assist those manufacturers with implementing new Industry 4.0 technology or related infrastructure for certain purposes; establishing the Industry 4.0 Technology Grant Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund; and requiring the Governor to include in the budget bill for fiscal years 2025 through 2028 an appropriation of $1,000,000 to the Fund.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Film Office - Entertainment and Film Funding Grant Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Entertainment and Film Funding Grant Program within the Maryland Film Office to provide grants to qualifying production entities to assist with the production costs of entertainment and film projects in the State; prohibiting any grant awarded under the Program from exceeding $200,000 for one project; and authorizing the Governor to include an appropriation in the annual budget bill of $5,000,000 to the Office to award grants for the Program in fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Veterans Service Animal Program – Definitions – Therapy Horse. Description: Altering the definition of a "therapy horse" under the Maryland Veterans Service Animal Program.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Fishing Licenses and Stamps - Exemptions. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to issue an annual fishing license and stamp exemption to governmental entities and nonprofit organizations to provide fishing clinics and instructional opportunities to certain individuals; and altering certain reporting requirements for governmental entities and nonprofit organizations that are issued certain fishing license and stamp exemptions.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Community Eligibility Provision Schools and Prekindergarten Enrollment and Funding - Alterations. Description: Exempting certain schools from the requirement to collect a certain eligibility form if the school is in a local school system in which all schools participate in the community eligibility provision; altering the definition of "prekindergarten enrollment", beginning in a certain school year, to include certain Tier II children for certain funding purposes; altering the categories of certain Tier II children who are given priority for the expansion of prekindergarten slots; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Testing for Fentanyl (The Josh Siems Act). Description: Requiring a hospital to include testing for fentanyl as part of a urine drug screening; and requiring the hospital, if a urine drug screening detects fentanyl, to report the deidentified test results to the Maryland Department of Health through the State-designated health information exchange.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Lighting - Privately Owned Vehicles of Volunteer Fire Company Members. Description: Authorizing certain members of a volunteer fire company to equip their privately owned vehicles with red and white lights or signal devices.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Construction Education and Innovation Fund - Funding - Alteration. Description: Increasing the mandated appropriation that the Governor is required to include for the Maryland Construction Education and Innovation Fund in the annual budget bill from $250,000 to $625,000 for fiscal years 2025 through 2029.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Greenspace Equity Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Greenspace Equity Program in the Department of Natural Resources to provide grants to eligible applicants for enhancing the public health and livability of overburdened communities and underserved communities by implementing projects to preserve, create, and enhance community greenspace; requiring the Department to submit certain grant applications to the Maryland State Clearinghouse for Intergovernmental Assistance; establishing the Greenspace Equity Advisory Board in the Department; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Elections - Election Judges - Minimum Compensation. Description: Establishing a minimum training course compensation of $50 and minimum daily compensation of $250 for election judges for each election day and each early voting day actually served; requiring the State Board of Elections to reimburse each local board of elections for $50 of the extra compensation required to be paid to each returning election judge; and requiring the State Board to develop and implement a marketing campaign to assist in the recruitment of individuals to serve as elections judges.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Vehicles - Police-Initiated Towing - Alterations. Description: Altering certain provisions related to the rates the Department of State Police sets for tow companies involved in certain police-initiated towing; establishing the Committee on Rate Setting and Complaint Resolution for Police-Initiated Medium-Duty and Heavy-Duty Towing and Recovery; and requiring the Committee to recommend, on or before December 1, 2023, approved rates that should be charged for police-initiated towing and recovery services, meet regularly to consider modification of the rates, and make other recommendations.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance – Credit for Reinsurance Model Law – Reciprocal Jurisdictions. Description: Prohibiting the Maryland Insurance Commissioner from removing from a certain list of reciprocal jurisdictions created and published by the Commissioner certain jurisdictions located outside the United States and certain jurisdictions in the United States that meet certain accreditation requirements.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commissioner of Financial Regulation - Name and Organization of Office. Description: Establishing the name of a certain office under the Commissioner of Financial Regulation in the Maryland Department of Labor as the Office of Financial Regulation; designating a certain appointee of the Commissioner of Financial Regulation as the Deputy Commissioner for Depository Activities; requiring the Commissioner of Financial Regulation to appoint a Deputy Commissioner for Non-Depository Activities; etc.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity and Meter Aggregation. Description: Defining "generating station" as it relates to the requirement to obtain a certificate of public convenience and necessity or approval from the Public Service Commission for a person who constructs a generating station that has the capacity to produce more than 2 but not more than 14 megawatts of electricity from a solar photovoltaic system; and requiring an electric company to provide meter aggregation for certain eligible customer-generators under certain circumstances.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Department of Education - Division of Rehabilitation Services - Funding and Staffing. Description: Authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill certain appropriations to the Division of Rehabilitation Services in the State Department of Education in accordance with certain federal acts and, beginning in fiscal year 2025, sufficient to employ additional staff members in the Division.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Pharmacy - Accessible Prescription Labels, Bag Tags, and Medical Guides for Blind, Visually Impaired, and Print Disabled Individuals - Regulations. Description: Requiring the State Board of Pharmacy to adopt regulations necessary to ensure that individuals who are blind, visually impaired, or otherwise print disabled have appropriate access to prescription labels, bag tags, and medical guides; requiring the Board to give visually impaired individuals an opportunity to comment on the regulations; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to report by December 1, 2023, to the General Assembly on the process for and costs of implementing certain enhanced professional dispensing fees.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Historical Trust - Warner Manor in the Town of Kensington - Extinguishment or Termination of Easement. Description: Requiring the Maryland Historical Trust, on or before July 1, 2023, to extinguish or terminate a certain easement the Trust holds in the parcel of land known as Warner Manor (also known as Brainard Warner House and/or Circle Manor) in the Town of Kensington, Montgomery County; and requiring the Trust to complete certain necessary recordings and filings to complete the extinguishment or termination of the easement.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Advisory Plumbing Board. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Harford County to enact a local law providing for the membership and terms of the Harford County Advisory Plumbing Board.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Historic Revitalization Tax Credit – Credit Amounts and Funding – Alterations. Description: Altering the calculation of and limitations on a certain credit against the State income tax for certain rehabilitation projects under the historic revitalization tax credit program; and altering the amount of certain appropriations that the Governor, in fiscal years 2025 through 2031, is required to include in the annual budget bill for the Historic Revitalization Tax Credit Reserve Fund and the Small Commercial Project Trust Account within the Reserve Fund.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Opioids - Opioid Restitution Advisory Council and Fund and Overdose Response Program. Description: Authorizing the Attorney General to direct that an Opioid Restitution Fund Advisory Council committee be formed if required by a court or administrative order or settlement agreement entered into by the Attorney General; applying the requirement that the appropriation and distribution of funds in the Opioid Restitution Fund that were received in accordance with certain agreements be made in a certain manner to funds received in accordance with any opioid-related court or administrative judgment or settlement agreement; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Maryland 529 Program - Reform. Description: Abolishing and repealing the Maryland 529 Board; specifying that the State Treasurer is the successor to the Maryland 529 Board; transferring to the Office of the State Treasurer the responsibility for administering the Maryland 529 Program, including the Maryland Prepaid College Trust, the Maryland College Investment Plan, the Maryland Broker-Dealer College Investment Plan, and the Maryland ABLE Program; authorizing and requiring the State Treasurer to take certain actions in administering the Maryland 529 Program; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Nursing – Sunset Extension, Licensure Exceptions, and Board Operations and Membership. Description: Continuing the State Board of Nursing in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2025, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; altering the exceptions to the registered nursing and licensed practical nurse licensure requirements; providing that, for a certain period of time, the Secretary of Health, rather than the Board, has authority over the infrastructure operations of the Board; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County – Alcoholic Beverages Licenses – Residency Requirement. Description: Requiring a certain applicant for an alcoholic beverages license in Anne Arundel County to be a resident of the State, rather than the county, when an application for a license is filed; and providing that a certain license is valid only for as long as the resident applicant remains a resident of the State.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cancer Screening - Health Insurance and Assessment of Outreach, Education, and Health Disparities. Description: Requiring insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to provide coverage for certain lung cancer diagnostic imaging and limiting the copayment, coinsurance, or deductible requirement that the entities can require for lung cancer screening and diagnosis; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to conduct an assessment on certain outreach, education, and health disparities in cancer screening and report the results of the assessment to the General Assembly on or before January 1, 2024.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Prince George’s County – Workgroup on Health and Wellness. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Health and Wellness in Prince George's County to review current wellness programs to create a healthy environment in Prince George's County; requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Prince George's County Executive, the Chair of the Prince George's County Council, the Governor, and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2024; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Captive Real Estate Investment Trusts - Alterations. Description: Altering the definition of "captive REIT" for purposes of a certain addition modification under the Maryland income tax in the amount of the federal dividends paid deduction for captive real estate investment trusts to exclude, under certain circumstances, corporations, trusts, or associations owned or controlled by certain qualified foreign entities and certain trusts owned or controlled by a listed Australian property trust.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Fire Protection and Prevention - Sprinkler Systems - Requirements (Melanie Diaz Sprinklers Save Lives Act). Description: Requiring certain high-rise buildings to be protected by automatic sprinkler systems beginning January 1, 2033; and requiring high-rise buildings that are not protected by a complete automatic sprinkler system to provide conspicuous notice in any lease agreement indicating that the building is not currently protected by a complete automatic sprinkler system and that the building is required to be protected by a complete automatic sprinkler system on or before January 1, 2023.
In 2023, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Recordation - Procedures. Description: Requiring a county treasurer, tax collector, or director of finance to provide a certificate enumerating certain taxes, assessments, and charges against a property and to establish certain procedures to facilitate the issuance of the certificate; requiring a collecting agent presented with a certificate to endorse a deed and establishing that this endorsement is sufficient authority for a transfer on the assessment books; authorizing a county or municipality to collect a fee of up to $55 for the issuance of a certain certificate; etc.
In 2023, Maryland passed a bill titled: State-Owned Nursing Homes - Deficiencies, Citations, and Fines - Contractor Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring contractors operating State-owned nursing homes to promptly provide notice of certain deficiencies, enforcement actions, citations, and fines to the Governor, the State agency overseeing the nursing home, certain committees of the General Assembly, and members of the General Assembly who represent the district in which the nursing home is located; etc.
In 2023, Maryland enrolled a bill titled: Locating the New Federal Bureau of Investigation Headquarters in Maryland. Description: Urging the U.S. General Services Administration to select for the new Federal Bureau of Investigation headquarters one of the two finalist sites located in Maryland.
In 2023, Maryland enrolled a bill titled: Locating the New Federal Bureau of Investigation Headquarters in Maryland. Description: Urging the U.S. General Services Administration to select for the new Federal Bureau of Investigation headquarters one of the two finalist sites located in Maryland.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Congressional Districting Plan. Description: Establishing the composition of the eight districts in the State of Maryland for the election of members to the United States House of Representatives; requiring that a certain question be submitted to the qualified voters of the State if the Act is petitioned to referendum under Article XVI of the Maryland Consitution; etc.
In 2021, Maryland enrolled a bill titled: Montgomery County - Board of Education Residence Districts - Redistricting Plan MC 01-21SS. Description: Altering the boundaries of the residence districts for the Montgomery County Board of Education.
In 2021, Maryland enrolled a bill titled: Carroll County - County Commissioner Districts - Redistricting Plan. Description: Altering the boundaries for the county commissioner districts in Carroll County.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Canceled, Revoked, and Suspended Driver's Licenses - Penalties. Description: Altering certain penalties for a person who displays a canceled, revoked, or suspended driver's license; and providing that a person who violates a certain section of the Act must appear in court and may not prepay the fine.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Historically Black Colleges and Universities - Funding. Description: Requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to establish a new unit to assist in evaluating and reviewing certain proposals for new programs and substantial modifications of existing programs; requiring the Governor, for fiscal years 2023 through 2032, to include in the annual State operating budget $577,000,000 to be allocated to certain historically black colleges and universities; establishing the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Reserve Fund; requiring the Cigarette Restitution Fund to include a separate account; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Parole - Life Imprisonment. Description: Altering, from 15 years to 20 years or the equivalent of 20 years considering certain allowances, the time period that inmates sentenced to life imprisonment for a crime committed on or after October 1, 2021, must serve before becoming eligible for parole consideration; repealing certain provisions that provide that inmates serving a term of life imprisonment may be paroled only with the Governor's approval, subject to certain provisions; repealing certain provisions that require certain parole decisions be sent to the Governor; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class D Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Repealing a prohibition on the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore County from issuing a Class D beer, wine, and liquor license for use by a drugstore in Baltimore County.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Career Exploration and Development Activities in Public High Schools - Prohibiting a Ban or Regulation of Sale of Coffee. Description: Prohibiting an Executive Branch agency from banning or regulating the sale of coffee in conjunction with a career exploration and development activity in any public high school in Baltimore County, if the activity is directed at or organized by students with individualized education programs; and repealing a certain exception that prohibited banning or regulating the sale of coffee in a Baltimore County public high school that sold coffee on or before June 30, 2018, in conjunction with a career exploration activity.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cemeteries - Perpetual Care - Distribution From Perpetual Care Trust Fund. Description: Requiring a distribution from a perpetual care trust fund to be used only for the perpetual care of the cemetery; requiring the cemetery to submit a statement to the Director of the Office of Cemetery Oversight if the cemetery selects a certain method of distribution from the trust fund; requiring the Office to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2027, the number of cemeteries selecting alternative distribution methods, the investment performance of the trust funds, and any legislative recommendations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Alterations. Description: Altering the title of the Executive Director of the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation; increasing the membership of the Board of the Maryland Technology Development Corporation from 15 to 19 members; requiring that at least one of the two Board members representing colleges and universities represent an historically black college or university, with a certain exception; authorizing the publisher of the Annotated Code of Maryland to make certain changes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Venison Donation Expenses - Income Tax Credit and Grant Program. Description: Expanding eligibility for a certain credit against the State income tax for certain deer donation expenses to include an individual who hunts and harvests an antlerless deer in Montgomery County and donates the deer carcass or processed deer meat to the Montgomery County Deer Donation Program; establishing a Venison Donation Grant Program to provide grants to defray the costs of butchering and processing deer that are donated to venison donation programs in the State; requiring the Department to approve applications in a certain manner; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Mandatory Reporter Training. Description: Requiring the Department of Human Services to post on its website a free online course on the identification, prevention, and reporting of child abuse.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Living Organ Donors. Description: Increasing, from $7,500 to $10,000, the amount of a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for certain expenses paid or incurred by an individual that are attributable to the individual's donation of an organ; altering the definition of "qualified expenses" for purposes of the subtraction modification to include unreimbursed expenses for child care, elder care, and medication; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Sale or Delivery for Off-Premises Consumption. Description: Altering the scope of a certain provision prohibiting the retail delivery to a purchaser of alcoholic beverages under certain circumstances; providing that certain authorization for the holders of certain licenses to sell alcoholic beverages for off-premises consumption in a certain manner applies only in a jurisdiction where the local licensing board had adopted certain regulations; authorizing the holders of certain licenses to sell certain alcoholic beverages in sealed containers for off-premises consumption or delivery; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Influence on Collective Bargaining - Prohibition on Use of Public Funds. Description: Prohibiting a unit of State, county, or municipal government from knowingly using public funds to influence the decisions of county or municipal employees to support or oppose an employee organization that represents or seeks to represent the employees, or to become a member of an employee organization; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages Licenses – Hours of Sale. Description: Establishing hours of sale for a holder of a Class B-D-7 beer, wine, and liquor license from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. along the south side of Frederick Avenue between South Augusta Avenue and South Loudon Avenue in Baltimore City.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Creating Governor's Office of Immigrant Affairs. Description: Establishing the Governor's Office of Immigrant Affairs, subject to the availability of funding, to create a network of neighborhood-based centers providing immigrant services, assist law enforcement in combatting crimes against immigrants, and promote civic and economic participation among immigrant communities; requiring the Director to submit a report to the Governor and the General Assembly by June 15 each year describing calls received by the Office, the number of immigrants assisted and all other relevant information; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant – Residential Tenants – Access to Counsel. Description: Establishing that certain procedural notice requirements must be fulfilled prior to the filing of a complaint by a landlord or a landlord's agent for the repossession of residential rental property for failure to pay rent; establishing that certain individuals shall have access to legal representation in eviction proceedings; establishing the Access to Counsel in Evictions Program to direct services to provide covered individuals with access to legal representation; establishing a certain Task Force; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Real Estate Transactions – Escrow Agents and Trust Money. Description: Altering the definitions of "escrow agent" and "trust money" for purposes of a requirement that an escrow agent enter into a certain agreement with the seller and the buyer of residential real estate when the escrow agent agrees to hold trust money; defining "residential real estate" as real property improved by four or fewer single-family dwellings intended for human habitation and unimproved real property zoned for residential use; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Action to Collect a Private Education Loan - Required Documents. Description: Prohibiting private education lenders and private education loan collectors from initiating a certain action except under certain circumstances; prohibiting a court from entering a certain judgment unless the private education lender or private education loan collector introduces certain documents; providing that the failure of a private education lender or private education loan collector to provide certain information at a certain time constitutes an unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practice; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health – Implicit Bias Training and the Office of Minority Health and Health Disparities. Description: Altering the information to be included in the Health Care Disparities Policy Report Card to include disparities in morbidity and mortality rates for dementia; requiring the Office of Minority Health and Health Disparities to publish health data that includes race and ethnicity information and to update the data biannually; requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2023, to include at least $1,788,314 in the annual budget bill for the Office; requiring a certain program to identify and approve implicit bias training programs; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of People's Counsel - Alterations (Office of People's Counsel Environmental Reform Act). Description: Altering the maximum amount that may be charged to a public service company for a State fiscal year; requiring the Office of the People's Counsel to hire at least one assistant people's counsel to focus on environmental issues; authorizing the Office to retain or hire experts in the field of climate change; requiring the Office to consider the public safety, economic welfare, and environmental interests of the State and its residents in determining whether a matter affects the interests of residential and noncommercial users; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Surcharges and Payment to Special Funds - Prohibited Lease Provisions. Description: Increasing certain surcharges on certain fees, charges, and costs in certain civil cases in the circuit courts and the District Court; requiring that certain surcharges collected be deposited into the Maryland Legal Services Corporation Fund and directed to certain special funds in the State; establishing the Rental Assistance Special Fund to provide funding to nonprofit organizations that work in the area of rent assistance to pay the back rent for individuals facing a potential residential rental property eviction; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Department of Education and Maryland Department of Health - Maryland School-Based Health Center Standards - Telehealth. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education and the Maryland Department of Health to authorize a certain health care practitioner at an approved school-based health center to provide health care services through telehealth under certain circumstances; prohibiting the State Department of Education and the Maryland Department of Health from establishing certain requirements for a certain school-based health center to provide health care services through telehealth; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Procurement - Prevailing Wage - Applicability. Description: Altering a certain limitation on the applicability of the Prevailing Wage Law to the construction of any public work for which 25%, rather than 50%, or more of the money used for construction is State money; altering the applicability of the Prevailing Wage Law to public work contracts by reducing the contract threshold amount from $500,000 to $250,000; and applying the Act only to a public work contract executed on or after October 1, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government – Department of Information Technology – Cybersecurity. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Information Technology, in consultation with the Attorney General, to advise and oversee a consistent cybersecurity strategy for units of State government, including institutions under the control of the governing boards of public institutions of higher education; requiring the Secretary, in consultation with the Attorney General, to develop guidance on consistent cybersecurity strategies for counties, municipal corporations, certain other entities and political subdivisions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Action for Change of Name - Waiver of Publication Requirement. Description: Requiring a court to waive a certain publication requirement in an action for change of name under the Maryland Rules on motion by an individual who has filed the action.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland State Bank Task Force - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland State Bank Task Force; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; requiring the Task Force to review and evaluate, in a certain manner, the creation of a Maryland State Bank that would support economic development in the State, provide stability to the local financial sector, and reduce some costs paid by the State; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Clean Cars Act of 2021. Description: Extending and altering, for fiscal years 2021 through 2023, the Electric Vehicle Recharging Equipment Rebate Program for the purchase of certain electric vehicles; increasing from $1,200,000 to $1,800,000 the amount of rebates that the Maryland Energy Administration may issue; requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration and the Maryland Department of the Environment to submit a report by January 15, 2022, to certain committees of the General Assembly providing information on proposed changes to the vehicle emissions inspection program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Baltimore County Public Library - Collective Bargaining. Description: Authorizing employees of the Baltimore County Public Library to form, join, and participate in an employee organization and engage in certain other activities related to collective bargaining; authorizing an employee organization seeking certification as the exclusive representative for the bargaining unit of employees to file a petition with the Director indicating this intent; specifying the responsibilities of the library and the certified exclusive representative; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Registered Sex Offenders – Entry Onto School Property. Description: Repealing a certain exception authorizing, under certain circumstances, a student who is a registered sex offender to enter onto real property used for public or nonpublic elementary or secondary education; requiring a student who is a registered sex offender to continue receiving an education in accordance with State law in a locale other than real property used for public or nonpublic education; requiring a county board of education and the State Board of Education to develop certain guidelines and policies; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Residential Leases - Tenant Rights and Protections (Tenant Protection Act of 2021). Description: Requiring a landlord to make a certain disclosure to prospective tenants if the landlord uses a ratio utility billing system; requiring that a certain lease provision is unenforceable if a landlord fails to make a certain disclosure; requiring a landlord to provide a tenant with information to document a bill for certain utilities; providing that a tenant organization has the right of free assembly in certain areas within an apartment facility during reasonable hours and on reasonable notice to the landlord; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Eviction Actions - Alterations in Actions for Repossession. Description: Establishing that certain procedural notice requirements must be fulfilled prior to the filing of a complaint by a landlord or a landlord's duly qualified agent for the repossession of residential rental property for failure to pay rent; requiring that, before a landlord may file a complaint to repossess property for the failure to pay rent, the landlord deliver certain written notice to a tenant; altering from the fifth to the seventh day following the filing of a complaint that at tenant much appear before the court; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment – Leave With Pay – Bereavement Leave. Description: Authorizing employees of certain employers to use certain leave with pay for bereavement leave; defining the term "bereavement leave" as leave an employee is allowed to use on the death of a member of the employee's immediate family; and defining the term "child" for purposes of certain bereavement leave to include an adopted, biological, or foster child, a stepchild, or a legal ward.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment – Statewide Green Business Certification Program – Establishment. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to establish and administer a statewide green business certification program; requiring the green business certification program to recognize businesses operating in a way that reduces their environmental footprint and to provide consumers with information on how to identify those businesses; requiring the Department to update and enhance the statewide green business certification program in consultation with the Montgomery County Green Business Certification Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Environmental Health Specialists - Fees - General Fund. Description: Repealing provisions creating the State Board of Environmental Health Specialists Fund; and requiring the State Board of Environmental Health Specialists to pay money collected for its services into the General Fund of the State.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: I-495 and I-270 Public-Private Partnership - Partnership Agreement - Requirements (Maryland Department of Transportation Promises Act of 2021). Description: Prohibiting the Board of Public Works from approving a phase public-private partnership agreement for the I-495 and I-270 Public-Private Partnership Program unless the payment of the toll revenue is trasferred to a certain special fund; authorizing a the public-private partnership agreement for the Program to require a bidder to agree to initiate a community benefit agreement; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Energy Efficiency - Net-Zero Homes - Contract Preferences. Description: Requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to give preference to applications for funding for a net-zero home from the Energy-Efficient Homes Construction Fund that will use the services of small, minority, women-owned, and veteran-owned businesses in the clean energy industry, particularly those businesses that provide employment for individuals trained through workforce development programs supported by the Strategic Energy Investment Fund and the Clean Energy Workforce Account.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile Services Education Board and Program – Establishment, Powers, and Duties. Description: Repealing provisions of law establishing educational programs for juveniles in residential facilities under the State Department of Education; establishing the Juvenile Services Education Board in the Department of Juvenile Services; requiring the Board to reflect the diversity of the student population the Department serves; requiring the Board to oversee and approve all educational services to all juveniles who are in a residential facility beginning July 1, 2022; establishing the Juvenile Services Education Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: County Boards of Education – Student Transportation – Vehicles and Report. Description: Authorizing a county board of education to provide transportation to and from school for certain students using a vehicle other than a Type I or Type II school vehicle when a school vehicle cannot reasonably be provided; requiring the State Department of Education, in consultation with county boards of education and the Motor Vehicle Administration, to adopt regulations governing minimum vehicle and driver safety standards; requiring each county board of education to submit a report on student transportation using certain vehicles; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State and Local Government and Public Institutions of Higher Education - Teleworking. Description: Establishing the Office of Telework Assistance in the Department of Commerce to establish best practices for telework policies; establishing the Business Telework Assistance Grant Program to assist businesses in implementing telework policies; requiring each governing body of a county or municipality to establish telework programs; requiring the State Court Administrator, the President of the Senate, the Speaker of the House, and the presidents of public institutions of higher education to establish telework programs and guidelines; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Water Pollution Control – Intervention in Civil Actions – Rights and Authority. Description: Providing that a person who meets the threshold standing requirements under the federal Clean Water Act has an unconditional right and authority to intervene in a civil action that the State initiates in State court to require compliance with certain water pollution control measures; requiring a person exercising a certain right of intervention to intervene in accordance with the applicable practices, procedures, and laws of the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment - Driveway Sealers - Prohibitions (Safer Sealant Act of 2021). Description: Prohibiting, on or after October 1, 2022, a person from supplying, selling, offering for sale, or manufacturing a high-PAH driveway sealer for use in the State; prohibiting, on or after October 1, 2022, a person from applying or soliciting the application of a high-PAH driveway sealer to pavement in the State; requiring the Department of the Environment to develop labeling requirements for a person supplying, selling, offering for sale, or manufacturing a driveway sealer for use in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Maryland Commission on Health Equity (The Shirley Nathan-Pulliam Health Equity Act of 2021). Description: Requiring the State designated exchange to participate in a certain advisory committee, maintain a certain data set, and provide data under certain circumstances; authorizing the State designated exchange to use certain data to improve outcomes for patients; establishing the Maryland Commission on Health Equity to employ a health equity framework by taking a collaborative approach to improve health outcomes and reduce health inequities in the State and incorporating health considerations into broad-based decision making; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Transportation - Urban Tree Program - Establishment. Description: Requiring the Department of Transportation to develop an urban tree program to replace trees removed during the construction of certain transportation projects; requiring the Department to consult with businesses, community representatives, local governments, and residents in developing the program; requiring the program to provide for the replacement of trees in areas affected by construction of a transportation facility project with priority given to those affected by environmental justice issues or the heat island effect; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Crimes - Unattended Dogs in Extreme Weather Conditions. Description: Prohibiting a person from leaving a dog outside and unattended for longer than 30 minutes without access to continuous suitable shelter during extreme weather conditions, subject to certain exceptions; defining "extreme weather conditions" as temperatures below 32 degrees Fahrenheit or above 90 degrees or during an active weather warning; making a violation a civil offense; applying certain penalties ranging from a warning for a first violation to a fine of up to $1,000 for a third or subsequent offense; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public and Nonpublic Schools – Electric Retractable Room Partitions – Operation Requirements. Description: Prohibiting public and nonpublic school employees from operating an electric retractable room partition in a school except under certain circumstances; requiring any annual safety review, evaluation, or exercise for school employees in a certain school building to include certain information and demonstrations; requiring the State Department of Education to develop and disseminate model safety guidelines on the safe operation of electric retractable room partitions and publish the model safety guidelines on its public website; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - School Bus Safety - Occupant Capacity. Description: Requiring that a school bus be routed with the intent that the number of pupils on the bus does not exceed the manufacturer's rated seating capacity for the bus; and providing that if an emergency or temporary situation causes the number of pupils on the bus to exceed the seating capacity, the situation shall be corrected within a reasonable period of time.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Prohibition Against Penalization for Seeking Mental Health Services. Description: Prohibiting a law enforcement agency from retaliating against, penalizing, or punishing a police officer because the police officer has sought or received mental health services.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Diminution Credits - Education. Description: Awarding a diminution credit of 60 days per program completed to reduce the term of confinement of an inmate if the inmate successfully obtains a certain educational certificate, diploma, or degree; providing that an inmate serving a sentence for a certain violent crime can be allowed a deduction of 40 days; prohibiting certain inmates sentenced for certain violent crimes from receiving a diminution of a sentence; providing for the prospective application of the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State and Local Housing Programs – Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing. Description: Requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to report to the General Assembly and the Governor by December 1, 2023, and every 5 years thereafter, on the efforts by the State, political subdivisions, and housing authorities to promote fair housing choice and racial and economic housing integration; requiring the Department to explore ways to ensure it is supporting nonprofit and governmental entities devoted to furthering fair housing; requiring certain entities to submit a fair housing assessment to the Department; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Procurement - Invasive Plant Species - Prohibition on Use of State Funds. Description: Prohibiting, subject to a certain exception, the use of State funds to purchase or plant an invasive plant species for an outdoor project on or after July 1, 2022; and providing that the prohibition does not apply if the plant species is commonly used for agricultural or horticultural purposes and is being maintained for the purposes of education or research.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Water Quality Revolving Loan Fund - Uses of Fund. Description: Altering the conditions under which the Maryland Water Quality Revolving Loan Fund may be used to guarantee, or purchase insurance for, bonds, notes, or other evidences of obligation issued by a local government under certain circumstances; and expanding the uses of the Fund to provide guarantees of certain similar revolving funds and various contracts or bonds that provide water quality benefits.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations – Nurses – Delegation of Tasks. Description: Providing that an advanced practice registered nurse is not precluded from delegating a nursing or other technical task to an assistant under certain circumstances; providing that a registered nurse or a licensed practical nurse is not precluded from delegating a technical task other than a nursing task to an unlicensed individual under certain circumstances; and requiring the State Board of Nursing to adopt certain regulations.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Race and Speed Contests - Penalties. Description: Providing a penalty of up to $1,000 and up to 1 year of imprisonment or both for a violation of the Act; providing an increased points assessment for certain motor vehicle violations related to participation in a race or speed contest; providing for an assessment of 8 points for an individual participating in a race or speed contest on a highway or, if the speed contest results in serious bodily injury to another person, an assessment of 12 points; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Higher Education Outreach and College Access Pilot Program - Alterations (Maryland College Access Act). Description: Repealing the termination date of the Maryland Higher Education Outreach and College Access Pilot Program; providing that one of the purposes of the Program is to increase the number of low-income students attending and succeeding in college;  altering the title of the Program; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $200,000 for the Program; and altering the reporting dates of a certain report on the Program.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Inmate Cost-of-Living Report - Maryland Correctional Enterprises Diversity Report. Description: Requiring the Commissioner of Correction to include in a certain annual report certain statistics related to the cost of living of inmates at certain facilities; and requiring the Division of Correction to include in an annual financial and operational report of the Maryland Correctional Enterprises certain statistics regarding the race, age, and sex of certain inmates, currently employed at certain facilities, disaggregated by job classification and wage scale.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program - Heat and Eat Program and Study on Maryland Energy Assistance Program Eligibility. Description: Establishing the Heat and Eat Program within the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program in the Department of Human Services for the purpose of expanding food access to households that are receiving or eligible for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits; requiring the Department to study the feasibility of establishing automatic eligibility and approval for participation in the Maryland Energy Assistance Program for households receiving or eligible to receive certain benefits under State and federal law; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Landlord-Tenant - Nonrenewal of Lease - Notice Requirements. Description: Altering the period of time prior to the expiration of a tenancy that a landlord is required to notify a tenant, in writing, of the intent to terminate a tenancy upon expiration, subject to certain conditions; applying the notice provisions statewide; and applying the Act to any residential lease executed in the State on or after October 1, 2021, and, beginning October 1, 2021, to any residential lease executed before October 1, 2021, which has expired and resulted in a tenancy created under certain conditions on or after October 1, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Housing and Community Development – Community Development Administration – Compliance Monitoring Reporting. Description: Requiring the Community Development Administration of the Department of Housing and Community Development to prepare a certain report on compliance monitoring for low-income housing tax credits and certain multifamily rental assistance programs by September 1 each year; requiring certain reports to include certain information, comments, and feedback; and requiring the Department to maintain on its website copies of certain reports, certain instructions, and a certain data dashboard.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Robocalls and Spam Calls - Website to Report and Annual Report. Description: Requiring the Office of the Attorney General to maintain a website where a consumer may report robocalls and other spam calls; requiring the Office to establish and promote an education campaign that informs consumers on how to identify robocalls and other spam calls and how to report them to the Office; requiring the Office to notify the Federal Trade Commission about certain reports it receives regarding robocalls and spam calls; and requiring the Office to make a certain annual report to the Governor and the General Assembly by November 1.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prohibition on Vending Machine Sales of Drugs and Medicines – Repeal. Description: Repealing the prohibition on the sale, distribution, and disposal of certain drugs, medicines, pharmaceutical preparations, and medical preparations by means of a vending machine or similar device.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Crisis Response Services – Modifications. Description: Altering the proposals the Maryland Department of Health is required to prioritize in awarding grants under the Behavioral Health Crisis Response Grant Program; requiring a local behavioral health authority to make certain information available to the public; requiring the Governor to include in the annual operating budget appropriations of $5,000,000 in each of fiscal years 2023 through 2025; requiring, beginning in fiscal year 2023, that at least one-third of the appropriation be used for grants for mobile crisis teams; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety – Maryland Swimming Pool and Spa Standards – Adoption. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to adopt by regulation the International Swimming Pool and Spa Code as the Maryland Swimming Pool and Spa Standards; requiring the Department to adopt each subsequent version of the Standards within 18 months after the Standards are issued; requiring the Department to take certain actions before adopting each version of the Standards; requiring the Department to consult with the Maryland Department of Health on the implementation of the Standards; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle Recharging Equipment for Multifamily Units Act. Description: Providing that certain provisions of a recorded covenant or restriction, a declaration, or the bylaws or rules of a condominium or homeowners association are void and unenforceable if they prohibit or unreasonably restrict the installation or use of electric vehicle recharging equipment; requiring certain owners of electric vehicle recharging equipment to be responsible for certain costs and disclosures; requiring a unit owner or lot owner to obtain certain permits or approval; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Board of Revenue Estimates and Bureau of Revenue Estimates - Organization and Operations. Description: Requiring the Comptroller to appoint the Chief of the Bureau of Revenue Estimates from a list of at least three candidates reviewed and evaluated by the Revenue Monitoring Committee and the Consensus Revenue Monitoring and Forecasting Group; requiring a certain report of estimated State revenues to be reviewed and approved by the Committee before the estimates are formally adopted by the Board of Revenue Estimates; requiring the Bureau to submit the March revenue report to the Board by a certain date; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Injury or Death of Vulnerable Individual - Penalties. Description: Prohibiting an individual from causing the serious physical injury or death of a certain vulnerable individual as a result of the individual operating a vehicle in violation of Maryland Vehicle Law; defining "vulnerable individual" as a person acting lawfully including a pedestrian, certain workers and emergency services personnel, an individual walking an animal, or an individual operating certain modes of transport; establishing certain penalties of a fine of up to $2,000, community service, motor vehicle safety education; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health – Public Health Outreach Programs – Cognitive Impairment, Alzheimer’s Disease, and Other Types of Dementia. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in partnership with the Department of Aging, the Virginia I. Jones Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders Council, and the Greater Maryland Chapter of the Alzheimer's Association, to incorporate information regarding certain types of cognitive impairment into outreach programs administered by the Maryland Department of Health to educate health care providers and increase understanding and awareness of certain types of cognitive impairment.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Preserve Telehealth Access Act of 2021. Description: Altering the health care services the Maryland Medical Assistance Program, subject to a certain limitation, is required to provide through telehealth; requiring that certain services provided under the Program include counseling and treatment; prohibiting the Program from excluding from coverage a behavioral health care service provided to a recipient in person solely because the service may be provided through telehealth; requiring the Maryland Health Care Commission to submit a certain report on telehealth; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sewage Treatment Plants - Effluent Discharges - Impacts on Midge Populations. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to monitor effluent discharged from sewage treatment plants and evaluate whether the effluent impacts midge populations in the surrounding land and water areas; and requiring the Department to report to the General Assembly on or before October 1 each year, beginning in 2022.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety – Pretrial Services Program Grant Fund – Extension and Program Requirements. Description: Prohibiting a pretrial services program that receives a certain grant from charging a fee to a defendant for participation in the program; and extending the termination date of the Pretrial Services Program Grant Fund to June 30, 2028.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Paint Stewardship. Description: Requiring certain producers or a representative organization to submit a plan for the establishment of a Paint Stewardship Program to the Department of the Environment on or before January 1, 2022, and in accordance with certain requirements; requiring the Department to review and approve certain plans, including a certain assessment, submitted in accordance with the Paint Stewardship Program; prohibiting the sale of certain architectural paint under certain circumstances on a certain date; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Hate Crimes - Protected Groups and Penalties. Description: Altering the term "sexual orientation" in the context of hate crimes; including gender identity in the list of characteristics protected by the prohibition on hate crimes; authorizing a court to require an offender convicted of hate crimes to complete an antibias education program; requiring the University System of Maryland to manage the development of an antibias education program that provides antibias education relevant to certain provisions of Maryland law by January 1, 2023;  etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission on LGBTQ Affairs – Established. Description: Establishing the Commission on LGBTQ Affairs in the Governor's Office of Community Initiatives; providing for the appointment, qualifications, terms, removal, and resignation of Commission members; requiring the Commission to elect annually a chair and vice chair; authorizing the Commission to appoint a director; establishing that the director is a special appointment; requiring publication of an annual report to include recommendations on policies for LGBTQ adults and youth to end discriminatory practices in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health – Mental and Emotional Disorders – Consent (Mental Health Access Initiative). Description: Altering the minimum age, from 16 years to 12 years, at which a minor has the same capacity as an adult to consent to consultation, diagnosis, and certain treatment of a mental or emotional disorder by a health care provider or clinic; and providing that a health care provider may decide to provide certain information to a certain parent, guardian, or custodian under certain provisions of law unless the health care provider believes the disclosure will lead to harm to the minor or deter the minor from seeking care.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pharmacists – Administration of Self–Administered Medications and Maintenance Injectable Medications (Christopher King Access to Treatment Act). Description: Authorizing a pharmacist who meets certain requirements to administer maintenance injectable medications to a patient under certain circumstances; requiring the State Board of Pharmacy, by September 1, 2021, and in consultation with the State Board of Physicians and the State Board of Nursing to adopt certain regulations establishing standard procedures to include notification of patients about payment for services before the pharmacist administers a maintenance injectable medication; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health – Residential Service Agencies – Training Requirements. Description: Requiring each residential service agency, beginning July 1, 2022, to ensure that within 45 days of the start of employment individuals receive training relating to dementia; providing that certain training may be provided by a certain supervisory staff member; providing that a residential service agency is not required to provide certain individuals certain training under certain circumstances; requiring a person who provides certain training to issue a certification of completion to each individual who completes the training; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture - Spay/Neuter Fund - Extension and Report. Description: Requiring the Department of Agriculture to report to the General Assembly by October 1, 2021, on spay and neuter programs that are not receiving funding from the Spay/Neuter Fund, the market capacity for increasing the fees assessed on each brand name or product name commercial feed, and a proposed fee structure to enhance the revenue generated from certain assessed fees; and extending the termination date to September 30, 2032, for provisions of law relating to the Fund.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Sexual Crimes – Repeal of Spousal Defense (Love Is No Defense to Sexual Crimes). Description: Repealing a certain prohibition on prosecuting a person for rape or a certain sexual offense against a victim who was the person's legal spouse at the time of the alleged rape or sexual offense.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Personal Information Protection Act - Revisions. Description: Requiring a business that maintains personal information of an individual residing in the State to implement and maintain certain security procedures and practices; altering the circumstances under which the owner or licensee of certain computerized data is required to notify certain individuals of a certain breach; altering the time periods within which certain notifications are required to be given; requiring that certain substitute notice consist of notification to certain media in certain geographic areas rather than statewide; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: County Boards and Public and Nonpublic Prekindergarten Programs and Schools - Discrimination - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a county board, public prekindergarten program, primary or secondary school, or nonpublic prekindergarten program or primary or secondary school that receives State funds from discriminating against a person, refusing enrollment of a prospective student, expelling a current student, or withholding privileges from certain individuals, or taking certain retaliatory actions on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Student and Military Voter Empowerment Act. Description: Requiring a local board of elections to obtain input from large residential communities including institutions of higher education, continuing care retirement communities, senior communities, and military installations when establishing precinct boundaries and designating polling places; establishing a process for certain voters to submit a federal post card application electronically which may allow the use of a common access card only for verification of identity and fulfillment of the signature requirement; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax – Homeowners’ Property Tax Credit – Calculation and Refunds. Description: Altering, for purposes of the homeowners' property tax credit, the definition of "total real property tax" to exclude any adjustments based on other property tax credits against the property tax imposed on a dwelling; requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to determine whether a homeowner is owed additional homeowners' property tax credits in the form of a refund for certain taxable years as a result of the Act; requiring the Comptroller to pay a refund from the Local Reserve Account; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupation – Licensing of Audiology Assistants. Description: Requiring, on or after October 1, 2022, an individual to be licensed by the State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, and Speech-Language Pathologists before assisting in the practice of audiology in the State, except as otherwise provided under certain provisions of law; establishing qualifications to obtain an audiology assistant license; authorizing a licensed audiologist to provide general supervision for up to two audiology assistants at any time; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of the Environment – Office of Recycling – Recycling Market Development. Description: Requiring the Office of Recycling in the Department of the Environment to promote the development of markets for recycled materials and products in the State; requiring the Office to evaluate the availability of certain markets and identify businesses in the State that use recycled materials; requiring the annual Maryland solid waste management and diversion report to be submitted to the General Assembly by September 1, 2022, and each year thereafter, and include certain activities; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Juveniles - Sexting. Description: Establishing a certain mitigating factor in a certain juvenile court proceeding against a child for a certain violation if the violation involved or arose out of sexting; prohibiting the court from making a disposition of community detention if the violation arose out of sexting unless the court finds that extraordinary circumstances exist; authorizing the court to order a child whose violation arose out of sexting to participate in an age-appropriate educational program on the risks and consequences of sexting; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Department of Education - School Discipline - Data Collection. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to disaggregate certain discipline-related data in an electronic spreadsheet format for the Department's website; requiring certain discipline-related data to be available as a data download; requiring the Department to provide certain discipline-related data to the public in an accessible electronic spreadsheet format; requiring the Department to report on student discipline data to the Governor and the General Assembly by August 1 each year; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Institutions of Higher Education - State Funding - Revision. Description: Requiring the University of Maryland School of Medicine to provide clinical care at the University of Maryland Capital Regional Medical Center by assigning faculty who specialize in neuroscience, obstetrics and gynecology, oncology, and vascular neurology; requiring the University of Maryland School of Medicine to provide specialized clinical care at certain rural hospitals by assigning faculty who specialize in essential areas; requiring the Governor, in fiscal years 2023 through 2025, to provide certain appropriations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Information Act – Revisions (Equitable Access to Records Act). Description: Requiring each official custodian to adopt a policy of proactive disclosure of public records that are available for inspection; authorizing the official custodian to adopt a policy appropriate to the type of public record, to reflect the staff and resources of the governmental unit, and to include publication of public records on certain websites; altering the composition of the State Public Information Act Compliance Board; requiring the Board to receive, review, and resolve certain complaints from applicants; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - On-Sales - Required Multiple Purchases. Description: Prohibiting an alcoholic beverages license holder or an employee of a license holder from requiring, as a condition of sale of an alcoholic beverage for on-premises consumption, that an individual buy more than one bottle, container, or other serving at a time; and establishing certain penalties for a violation of the Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Court Dog Program - Veterans Treatment Courts. Description: Renaming the Court Dog and Child Witness Program to be the Court Dog  Program; expanding the application of the Program to veterans participating in a court-supervised, comprehensive, and voluntary treatment-based program; establishing that the Program shall be in the circuit court of each county that participates in the Program and in the District Court of each county that participates in the Program under certain circumstances; altering the purpose of the Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mobile Laundry for the Homeless Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Mobile Laundry for the Homeless Pilot Program in the Division of Neighborhood Revitalization to provide funds to nonprofit organizations to establish or expand mobile laundry services for the homeless; requiring the Division to award funds through certain grants to establish certain mobile laundry services; requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to evaluate the effectiveness of the Pilot Program and make recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 15, 2024; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Procurement – Specialized Printing Services Contracts – Board of Public Works Approval. Description: Requiring the Board of Public Works to approve the award of a procurement contract for specialized printing services before a unit may execute the contract; prohibiting the Board from delegating its authority to approve the award of a procurement contract for specialized printing services; and defining "specialized printing services" as services valued at $100,000 or more for the printing of a ballot or a document that contains sensitive or personally identifiable information.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Psychiatrist and Psychiatric Nurse Practitioner Telemedicine Reimbursement - Sunset Termination. Description: Repealing the termination provisions for certain provisions of law relating to the eligibility of psychiatrists and psychiatric nurse practitioners who provide Assertive Community Treatment or mobile treatment services to Maryland Medical Assistance Program recipients in a home or community-based setting through telemedicine to receive reimbursement for the health care services from the Program.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Trials - Spousal Privilege - Exception. Description: Providing that the spouse of a person on trial for a crime may be compelled to testify as an adverse witness if the spouse and the person on trial married after the date on which the alleged crime for which the person is on trial occurred.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victims of Crime - Private Room. Description: Requiring the State Board of Victim Services to develop a poster to notify a victim of the right to request a certain private room in a law enforcement agency or unit when reporting a crime, other than homicide, that primarily involves injury to a person; requiring a certain law enforcement agency to display a poster developed by the State Board of Victim Services informing a victim of the right to request a private room; and requiring a certain law enforcement agency to provide a certain private room to a certain victim.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment and Natural Resources - Complaints, Inspections, and Enforcement - Information Maintenance and Reporting. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to receive and process complaints involving alleged violations of certain air and water quality requirements in a certain manner; requiring the Department to keep an electronic record of certain complaints for 10 years; requiring the Department Natural Resources to report, on or before September 30 each year, to the Governor and the General Assembly certain information relating to the enforcement of natural resources and conservation laws; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - Provision of Menstrual Hygiene Products - Requirement. Description: Requiring each county board of education to ensure that each public school provide, at no charge to students, menstrual hygiene products via dispensers in women's restrooms at the school; requiring a public middle or high school to install menstrual hygiene product dispensers in at least two women's restrooms by October 1, 2022, and all women's  restrooms by August 1, 2025; requiring the State to reimburse a county board for the costs of purchasing and installing menstrual hygiene dispensers; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law – Early Voting Centers – Hours of Operation. Description: Requiring early voting centers to be open during the hours between 7 a.m. and 8 p.m. during each early voting day.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Nursing Homes – Resident Change in Condition – Notification and Consultation With Physician. Description: Altering a certain provision of law to require that a nursing home provide immediate, rather than just timely, notification regarding a change in condition of a resident to the resident and, if applicable, the resident's representative or interested family member and consult with the resident's physician; and altering the list of conditions with respect to which a nursing home must make a certain notification to include a decision to transfer or discharge the resident from the nursing home.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture – Neonicotinoid Pesticides – Sale and Storage. Description: Restricting a person that sells a neonicotinoid pesticide under certain provisions of law to selling a neonicotinoid pesticide only to a certain certified applicator or farmer; and requiring a person selling a neonicotinoid pesticide to store each neonicotinoid pesticide in a manner that is inaccessible to customers without the assistance from the person or an employee of the person.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physical Therapy Examiners - Temporary Licenses to Practice Physical Therapy and Limited Physical Therapy. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Physical Therapy Examiners to issue a temporary license to practice physical therapy and limited physical therapy to certain applicants who meet certain requirements; providing that a temporary license authorizes certain individuals to practice limited physical therapy or physical therapy under direct supervision and is valid until a certain event occurs; altering the grounds on which the Board may take certain disciplinary action; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Tuition Exemption for Foster Care Recipients and Homeless Youth - Alterations and Reports. Description: Repealing a certain provision of law requiring a financial aid administrator to verify certain information under certain circumstances; altering the method by which a financial administrator at a public institution of higher education is required to verify that a certain youth is a homeless youth; providing that a foster care recipient or a homeless youth who receives a tuition exemption is a priority for on-campus housing; requiring a public institution to designate a certain homeless and foster student liaison; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Insurance - Use of Credit History in Rating Policies. Description: Requiring an insurer that uses credit information, with respect to private passenger motor vehicle insurance, to provide certain exceptions to the insurer's rates, ratings classifications, company or tier placement, and underwriting rules or guidelines to certain applicants and insureds on written request; applying the Act to all private passenger motor vehicle insurance policies issued, delivered, or renewed in the State on or after October 1, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Correctional Facilities - Voter Registration and Voting. Description: Requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to provide each individual who is released from a correctional facility with a voter registration application and documentation informing the individual that their voting rights have been restored; requiring the State Board of Elections to adopt regulations establishing a program to inform eligible voters of upcoming elections and how to exercise the right to vote; requiring the State Board to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by January 15 each year; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Information Technology - Study of a Common Information Technology Platform for Health Occupations Boards. Description: Requiring the Department of Information Technology to conduct a certain review of certain information technology platforms used by certain health occupations boards and make certain recommendations on the feasibility and cost of developing a certain common information technology platform; and requiring the Department to report certain findings and recommendations to the Senate Education, Health, and Environmental Affairs Committee and the House Health and Government Operations Committee on or before December 1, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Queen Anne's County - Natural Resources - Sunday Hunting. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person in Queen Anne's County to hunt any game bird or game mammal on a Sunday during the open season for that game bird or game mammal.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Complete Streets Program Funding – Traffic and Vehicle Monitoring Systems. Description: Authorizing Baltimore City to recover the costs of implementing and administering a traffic control signal monitoring system, a speed monitoring system, a school bus monitoring camera, or a vehicle height monitoring system; requiring Baltimore City, after recovering costs, to spend the remaining balance of fines collected from the monitoring systems solely on public safety or transportation infrastructure improvements consistent with the purpose and goals of the Complete Streets Program and the Complete Streets Transportation System; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Crimes - Mitigation and Defense - Race, Color, National Origin, Sex, Gender Identity, or Sexual Orientation. Description: Establishing that the discovery or perception of, or belief about, another person's race, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, or sexual orientation, whether or not accurate, does not constitute legally adequate provocation to mitigate a killing from the crime of murder to manslaughter nor is it a defense to the crime of assault in any degree.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Agricultural Commission – Hemp Industry Member. Description: Increasing, from 29 to 30, the number of members of the Maryland Agricultural Commission appointed by the Governor; and requiring the Governor to appoint one member from a list of at least two nominees representing the hemp industry.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, and Speech-Language Pathologists - Maryland Music Therapists Act. Description: Renaming the State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, and Speech-Language Pathologists to be the State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, Speech-Language Pathologists, and Music Therapists; requiring that two licensed music therapists with at least 5 years' paid work experience be added to the Board; requiring the Board to adopt a code of ethics for the practice of music therapy; authorizing the Board to facilitate the statewide dissemination of music therapy information to music therapists; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Harm to Service Animals. Description: Prohibiting a person from willfully and maliciously killing, injuring, or interfering with the use of a certain service animal in a certain manner, or allowing a certain animal to kill, injure, or interfere with the use of a certain service animal in a certain manner; establishing penalties for a violation of the Act of up to 2 years imprisonment or a fine of up to $2,500, or both; and authorizing a court to order a certain defendant to pay full restitution for all damages arising out of the offense as a condition of sentencing.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of General Services - Energy-Conserving Standards (Maryland Sustainable Buildings Act of 2021). Description: Requiring the Department of General Services to establish and update, every five years, certain standards for State buildings to conserve energy and minimize adverse impacts on birds; requiring the Department to consider the physical health and mental health of building occupants when developing or updating certain standards; requiring the Maryland Green Building Council to include certain standards in any requirements that the Council establishes for participation in a higher performance building program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Department of Education - Early Literacy and Dyslexia Practices - Guidance and Assistance. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to establish, by October 1, 2021, a stakeholder advisory group to develop a reading and dyslexia handbook to guide local school systems in the implementation of best practices for early literacy and dyslexia; requiring a completed handbook be made available to the public by June 1, 2022; requiring the identification of tools and materials to address the needs of at-risk and struggling students with dyslexia; requiring the Department to update the handbook every 3 years; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Expungement of Records. Description: Requiring, beginning October 1, 2021, the expungement of certain records 3 years after a disposition of the charge under certain circumstances; requiring a court to send a notice of the disposition of certain charges in a case and the date on which expungement is required to the person entitled to the expungement and certain entities; requiring a court to notify a defendant of the defendant's right to expungement under certain circumstances; requiring the court to notify the defendant by mail; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Real Estate Commission - Property Managers - Registration. Description: Requiring a person who provides property management services to be registered as a property manager by the State Real Estate Commission before practicing in the State; authorizing the Commission to deny a registration to an applicant whose license is currently suspended or was revoked; prohibiting the providing of, attempting to provide, or offering to provide property management services unless registered with the Commission as a property manager; subjecting violators of this prohibition to a civil fine of not more than $1,000; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Forensic Genetic Genealogical DNA Analysis, Searching, Regulation, and Oversight. Description: Establishing that a certain forensic genetic genealogical DNA analysis and search may not be initiated without certifying certain information before a court and obtaining a certain authorization from the court; requiring a court to authorize the initiation of a certain forensic genetic genealogical DNA analysis and search if certain information is certified before the court; prohibiting certain biological samples subjected to certain forensic genetic genealogical profile analysis to be used to determine certain information about a certain donor; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Emancipation of a Minor and Authorization to Marry. Description: Extending the jurisdiction of the equity court to include a petition for emancipation of a minor and authorization to marry; altering the conditions under which an individual who is 17 years old is authorized to marry; prohibiting an individual under the age of 17 years from marrying; requiring a clerk of the court to review a certain order before issuing a marriage license; authorizing a court to deny an emancipation petition and marriage authorization if the court makes a written finding it is not in the petitioner's best interest; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Grounds for Divorce. Description: Altering certain grounds for a limited divorce and an absolute divorce; authorizing the court to decree a limited divorce on the ground of irreconcilable differences, if the marriage is irretrievably broken and there is no reasonable expectation of reconciliation; and authorizing the court to decree an absolute divorce on the ground of completion of a 6-month waiting period, if one of the parties has filed for a limited divorce under a certain section of the Act at least 6 months before the filing of the application for divorce.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Employment Discrimination - Time for Filing Complaints. Description: Extending from 6 months to 300 days the time periods within which a person claiming to be aggrieved by certain discriminatory acts is required to file a complaint with the Commission on Civil Rights; and providing that a complaint filed with a local human relations commission within certain time periods is deemed to have complied with certain provisions of the Act.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education - Returned Peace Corps Volunteers - In-State Tuition. Description: Exempting returned Peace Corps volunteers who have been certified by the Peace Corps as having served satisfactorily as a volunteer and  who are domiciled in the State from paying nonresident tuition at a public institution of higher education in the State; establishing that returned Peace Corps volunteers who attend a community college in the State and pay tuition are to be included as in-State residents for computation of State aid to community colleges; and requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to adopt certain regulations.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Accommodations for Voters in Need of Assistance. Description: Requiring the training materials used by the program of instruction for election judges to include oral and written instructions in the various methods an election judge may use to accommodate voters in need of assistance; requiring the State Board to produce materials to be posted at polling places relating to accommodations for voters in need of assistance; Requiring a chief election judge to give voting order priority to persons with mobility problems, a person assisting others with mobility problems, and persons with a disabled child; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums and Homeowners Associations - Rights and Restrictions - Composting. Description: Prohibiting a recorded covenant or restriction, a provision in a declaration, or a provision in the bylaws or rules of a condominium or a homeowners association from prohibiting or unreasonably restricting a unit owner from contracting with a private entity to collect organic waste materials for composting and from prohibiting or unreasonably restricting a lot owner from composting organic waste materials for the lot owner's personal or household use as long as the lot owner owns or has the right to exclusive use of the composting area; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commercial Motor Vehicles - Inspections. Description: Altering the mileage at which the owner of a Class F (tractor) vehicle that has been in operation for not more than 5 years is required to have the vehicle inspected, maintained, and repaired to 35,000 miles; and altering the mileage at which the owner of certain Class E vehicles that have been in operation for not more than 5 years is required to have the vehicle inspected, maintained, and repaired to 50,000 miles if the vehicles are zero-emission electric vehicles or fuel cell electric vehicles.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Funding Accountability and Transparency Act - Real Property Records Improvement Fund and Nonbudgeted State Agencies. Description: Altering the Maryland Funding Accountability and Transparency Act to require the Department of Information Technology to include in a searchable website payments made by certain units of State government;  requiring the Department to update the payment data on the searchable website by the 15th day of the month that follows the month in which an agency makes a payment; authorizing the Judiciary, by June 30, 2021, to transfer up to $12,000,000 of a general fund appropriation to the Circuit Court Real Property Records Improvement Fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Sales – Owner–Occupied Residential Property. Description: Authorizing the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to withhold owner-occupied residential property from tax sale during the period from June 1, 2021, through June 30, 2023; and providing for the termination of the Act on June 30, 2023.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Nuisance Actions - Community Association. Description: Altering the definitions of "community association" and "local code violation" for purposes of certain provisions of law authorizing community associations to seek judicial relief for nuisance abatement in Baltimore County; repealing a provision of law requiring a certain court to determine in what amount and under what conditions a bond must be filed by a community association in a certain nuisance action; including in the definition of "community association" an association that represents two or more individual community associations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Commission on Civil Rights - Employment Discrimination - Reporting. Description: Requiring the Maryland Commission on Civil Rights to include a review of certain data and recommendations, if any, for policy changes to address discriminatory trends noted in the data in its annual report; requiring certain county offices of civil rights, or other appropriate agencies, to report certain information relating to complaints of employment discrimination to the Commission; making the reporting requirement applicable only in certain counties; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Child Welfare System - Reporting. Description: Altering the contents of a certain report required by the Department of Human Services regarding children and foster youth in the State child welfare system; requiring the State Department of Education, on or before December 1 each year, to report to the General Assembly and Department of Human Services certain information regarding children and foster youth in the State child welfare system; requiring the Department of Education to publish each report on its website within 30 days after submission to the General Assembly; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Jury Service - Disqualification. Description: Altering certain circumstances under which an individual who has been convicted of a crime is not qualified for jury service; and repealing a provision specifying that an individual is not qualified for jury service if the individual has a certain charge pending for a certain crime.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Battery-Charged Fence Security Systems - Regulation. Description: Authorizing a local government to require that certain persons who provide battery-charged fence security systems comply with certain laws, require certain persons who operate or install certain security systems to obtain certain registrations or permits, require a certain installer to submit a certain affidavit, and conduct a certain inspection; authorizing a local government to issue a citation under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Opportunity Zone Tax Deduction Reform Act of 2021. Description: Requiring certain taxpayers to add a certain deduction for gains from sales or exchanges of qualified opportunity zone property back to federal adjusted gross income to determine Maryland adjusted gross income; requiring certain taxpayers to add a certain deduction for gains from sales or exchanges of qualified opportunity zone property back to federal adjusted gross income to determine Maryland modified income; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Solid Waste Management - Organics Recycling and Waste Diversion - Food Residuals. Description: Requiring a certain person that generates food residuals to separate the food residuals from other solid waste and ensure that the food residuals are diverted from final disposal in a refuse disposal system in a certain manner; applying the requirements of the Act to certain persons that generate certain amounts of food residuals; authorizing a person experiencing undue hardship because of the costs of diverting food residuals to apply for a certain waiver; requiring the Department of the Environment to issue a certain warning; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture - Urban Agriculture Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Urban Agriculture Grant Program in the Department of Agriculture to increase the viability of urban farming and improve access to urban-grown foods; establishing an Urban Agriculture Grant Fund to provide grants to nonprofit organizations in Baltimore City; requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to administer the Fund; authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation for the Fund; requiring the Department to seek input from certain entities in adopting certain regulations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victims of Sexually Assaultive Behavior - Required Meeting. Description: Requiring an assistant State's Attorney, with knowledge of the case, to meet with a victim of sexually assaultive behavior or the victim's representative within 20 days after receiving a request from the victim to meet regarding a decision by the Office of the State's Attorney to not file a charging document or dismiss charges against an alleged suspect; requiring the assistant State's Attorney, at the meeting, to explain the justification for a certain decision; and establishing certain requirements for the meeting.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Law Enforcement Diversion Programs. Description: Authorizing the establishment of law enforcement diversion programs in partnership with local behavioral health authorities; authorizing the participation of certain individuals; authorizing certain providers to provide case management including peer recovery support approaches; requiring certain planning for the implementation of certain programs; requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to submit a report on the number of law enforcement encounters resulting in a behavioral health services referral; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Information Act - Required Denials - Sociological Information and Distribution Lists. Description: Prohibiting a definition of "sociological information" adopted in rules or regulations by an official custodian for certain purposes from including a certain notice, or a list of the recipients of a certain notice; requiring a custodian to deny inspection under the Public Information Act of only a certain part of a certain distribution list, rather than the full distribution list; requiring a custodian to allow the inspection of a certain notice or a list of recipients of a certain notice under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - First-Degree Child Abuse - Continuing Course of Conduct. Description: Establishing as first-degree child abuse three or more acts that constitute second-degree child abuse committed as a continuing course of conduct; and applying certain penalties.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Recycling Act - Recyclable Materials and Resource Recovery Facilities - Alterations. Description: Altering the definition of "recyclable materials" under the Maryland Recycling Act to exclude incinerator ash; and repealing the authority of a county to utilize a resource recovery facility to meet 5% of the waste reduction required to be achieved through recycling in the county's recycling plan.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Government - Humane Society and Animal Control Officers - Education and Training Requirements. Description: Requiring a new officer of a humane society or animal control to receive at least 80 hours of training within the first 12 months of employment; requiring an officer of a humane society or animal control  to complete at least 6 hours of continuing education every year; requiring the training and continuing education to include instruction on current laws applicable to officers; and authorizing the appropriate unit of a county or municipality to require training in addition to that which is specified in the Act.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Dedicated Bus Lanes – Enforcement. Description: Prohibiting a person from driving a motor vehicle in a dedicated bus lane unless authorized by a local jurisdiction, subject to certain exceptions; authorizing Baltimore City to use, under certain standards and procedures, a certain bus lane monitoring system to enforce the prohibition against driving a motor vehicle in a designated bus lane; and providing for the payment of fines imposed and the distribution of revenues collected as a result of violations enforced by a bus lane monitoring system; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact. Description: Entering into the Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology Interstate Compact; stating the purpose of the Compact; requiring a state to meet certain requirements to participate in the Compact; requiring certain audiologists and speech-language pathologists to meet certain eligibility requirements to exercise the privilege to practice; requiring member states to recognize the right of an audiologist or a speech-language pathologist to practice via telehealth under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Peace Orders - Workplace Violence. Description: Making certain provisions of law relating to the filing, issuance, and modification of certain peace orders and to the shielding of certain court records of certain peace order proceedings apply to certain peace orders filed by certain employers on the basis of certain acts committed against certain employees at the employees' workplace; requiring an employer to notify an employee before the employer files a certain petition; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Organized Killing Contests - Restriction. Description: Prohibiting a person from sponsoring, conducting, or participating in organized contests that have the objective of killing a coyote, fox, or raccoon for prizes or monetary awards; providing certain exceptions; establishing a $50 fine for each coyote, fox, or raccoon killed in violation of the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Occupations and Professions - Architects - Scope of Licensure. Description: Increasing, from $5,000 to $25,000, the maximum estimated cost in labor and materials for the alteration of a certain existing building or structure for which a person is not required to employ a licensed architect under certain circumstances; and altering the circumstances under which a person is not required to employ a licensed architect.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Water Pollution - Stormwater Management Regulations and Watershed Implementation Plans - Review and Update. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to review and update certain regulations at least once every 5 years; requiring certain regulations to incorporate the most recent precipitation data available; requiring the Department to review and update certain regulations in a certain manner; requiring the Department to take certain actions at least 6 months before the proposal of regulations under the Act; altering the time by which the Department must hold a certain public hearing; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Driver's Licenses - Older Licensees - In-Person Renewal. Description: Prohibiting the Motor Vehicle Administration from renewing the driver's license of an individual who is at least 85 years old without requiring the individual to complete the renewal transaction in person except under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Lynching Truth and Reconciliation Commission - Reporting and Sunset Extension. Description: Extending the time for the submission of the final report to December 1, 2023, of the Maryland Lynching Truth and Reconciliation Commission and extending the termination date for the Commission to June 30, 2024.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Utility Regulation - Consideration of Climate and Labor. Description: Requiring the Secretary of the Environment to prepare a certain recommendation in connection with certain issues considered by the Public Service Commission; requiring the Secretary of Natural Resources to incorporate an evaluation of the impact of certain electric power plants on climate change into the Power Plant Research Program; requiring the Commission to consider the maintenance of fair and stable labor standards and the protection of the global climate in supervising and regulating certain public service companies; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians - Genetic Counselors - Licensing. Description: Requiring the State Board of Physicians to license genetic counselors; providing that provisions of the Act do not limit the right of certain individuals to practice certain occupations; establishing the Genetic Counseling Advisory Committee within the Board; requiring individuals, on or after January 1, 2024, to be licensed by the Board as genetic counselors before practicing genetic counseling in the State; requiring the Board to issue a supervised genetic counselor license to certain applicants on or after January 1, 2024; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Maryland Revised Uniform Anatomical Gift Act - Revisions. Description: Authorizing a person who chooses to be an organ donor on or after July 1, 2022, to designate if the anatomical gift is to be used for certain purposes; requiring the Organ Procurement Organization or its designee to produce and provide to each Motor Vehicle Administration location educational materials that include definitions of anatomical gift, research and education, and transplantation and therapy; requiring that a gift registered before July 1, 2022, may be used only for transplantation or therapy; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment - On-Site Wastewater Services - Regulation. Description: Establishing the State Board of On-Site Wastewater Professionals in the Department of the Environment to regulate individuals who perform on-site wastewater services in the State and to establish minimum standards for certain on-site wastewater systems; requiring the Department, in consultation with the Board, to set by regulation certain fees for the issuance and renewal of licenses and other Board-provided services; requiring the Board to establish a certain code of ethics; establishing the On-Site Wastewater Professionals Fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Hate Crimes - False Statement to a Law Enforcement Officer. Description: Clarifying that the making of a certain false statement to a law enforcement officer may form the basis for a certain hate crime.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Technology Internship Program - Qualifications for Participation - Alterations. Description: Expanding the definition of "technology-based business" to include a technology-based nonprofit organization exempt from taxation under § 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of the Maryland Technology Internship Program; and altering from 3.0 to 2.5 the cumulative grade point average that a certain individual must maintain or have maintained during a certain academic year to qualify for participation in the Maryland Technology Internship Program.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts – Civil Actions – Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation. Description: Altering the conditions under which a lawsuit is considered a strategic lawsuit against public participation (SLAPP suit); specifying the conditions under which a lawsuit is not considered a SLAPP suit; altering the conditions under which a defendant in a SLAPP suit is not civilly liable for certain communications; providing for the award of certain costs and reasonable attorney's fees in connection with an anti-SLAPP-motion or a motion to dismiss; providing for the prospective application of the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Data - Race and Ethnicity Information. Description: Altering a certain provision of law requiring the Maryland Office of Minority Health and Health Disparities to collaborate with the Maryland Health Care Commission to publish a report card that includes racial and ethnic composition data on individuals who hold a license or certificate issued by a health occupations board, rather than only physicians; requiring the Office, as permitted by certain privacy laws, to respond to requests for health data that includes race and ethnicity information within 30 days of receipt of the request; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Arts Capital Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Maryland Arts Capital Grant Program to provide grants for the acquisition of, the expansion of, the renovation of, or major repairs to a facility or other infrastructure operated by a certain organization; requiring the Governor, for fiscal years 2024 through 2029, to include $3,000,000 for the Program in the State budget; requiring the establishment of a competitive application process; prohibiting an organization from receiving a grant for a single project that exceeds $1,000,000 in any fiscal year; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Intersections - Prohibited Acts. Description: Prohibiting a vehicle facing a circular green signal, a green arrow signal, or a steady yellow signal from entering an intersection if the vehicle is unable to completely proceed through the intersection; establishing certain exceptions to the prohibition; prohibiting a police officer from issuing a citation for a violation of the Act unless the approach to the intersection has certain signage installed notifying the public that a vehicle may not make a movement at the intersection that violates the Act's provisions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County – Alcoholic Beverages – Assisted Living Program License. Description: Establishing a Class ALP (assisted living program) beer, wine, and liquor license in Harford County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the license to a manager of an assisted living program, but not more than five ALP licenses to a person; authorizing the license holder to provide beer and wine for on-premises consumption by a resident or guest; authorizing the license holder to store liquor, prepare mixed drinks, and serve liquor or mixed drinks; specifying a license fee of $3,500; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cooperative Housing Corporations, Condominiums, and Homeowners Associations - Reserve Studies - Statewide. Description: Requiring the governing body of certain cooperative housing corporations in the State to have a reserve study conducted of the common elements of the cooperative housing corporation by a certain date and updated at certain intervals under certain circumstances; requiring the reserve study conducted of the common elements of a cooperative housing corporation to meet certain criteria; requiring the annual budget of a cooperative housing corporation to include certain information under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Plastic Bag Reduction Act. Description: Prohibiting, on or after July 1, 2022, a certain retail establishment from distributing plastic carryout bags to a customer at the point of sale; providing that, on or after July 1, 2022, only the State may enact a law or take other action to prohibit, restrict, or regulate the use of certain plastic bags by a retail establishment, that certain authority of a county or municipality is preempted, and that certain laws or ordinances are superseded; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to adopt certain regulations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile Law - Juvenile Interrogation Protection Act. Description: Requiring a law enforcement officer who takes a child into custody to provide notice to the child's parents, guardian, or custodian in a manner reasonably calculated to give actual notice; prohibiting the interrogation of a child by a law enforcement officer until the child has consulted with a certain attorney and an effort to provide certain notice to the child's parent, guardian, or custodian has been made; requiring an interrogation of a child to be recorded under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Conditions of Pretrial Release - Home Detention Monitoring. Description: Exempting certain defendants placed in private home detention as a condition of pretrial release from the requirement to pay a monitoring fee if the defendant qualifies as an indigent individual or if a home detention monitoring device is provided by the State or a local jurisdiction; establishing the Workgroup on Home Detention Monitoring to study and make recommendations regarding the costs and availability of both publicly and privately provided pretrial home detention monitoring systems; requiring a certain report; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Green Purchasing Committee - Food and Beverage Procurement - Greenhouse Gas Emissions. Description: Requiring the Maryland Green Purchasing Committee, in consultation with certain units of State government and other stakeholders, to develop, by January 1, 2023, a certain methodology for a unit to estimate greenhouse gas emissions of food and beverages procured, to establish a certain baseline measurement by January 1, 2024, and to consider the nutrition of individuals fully or partially dependent on the State for their diet when developing strategies; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Longitudinal Data System - Transfer of Student Data - Modifications. Description: Repealing certain provisions of law that require the Maryland Higher Education Commission to collect and provide to the Maryland Longitudinal Data System identifying information on certain business licensees and students; requiring certain licensing authorities that issue occupational or professional licenses to make every effort to comply with the data requirements and implementation schedule of the Maryland Longitudinal Data System, and to transfer student data in accordance with the data security and safeguarding plan; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Buildings - Changing Facilities - Requirements. Description: Requiring, except under certain circumstances, that changing facilities suitable for changing the diaper of a child and providing personal care for an adult be installed in certain public restrooms in certain public buildings by October 1, 2022; requiring certain entities to report to 2-1-1 Maryland, Inc., the location of changing facilities when changing facilities are installed; requiring 2-1-1 to maintain a list of changing facilities on its website; requiring the Board of Public Works to adopt certain standards; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Restrictions on Use - Low-Impact Landscaping. Description: Prohibiting a certain restriction on use from imposing unreasonable limitations on low-impact landscaping such as rain gardens, pollinator gardens, and xeriscaping; requiring the property owner to regularly maintain landscaping; providing that "unreasonable limitations" includes items that increase the cost and efficiency of the low-impact program; providing that the Act may not be construed to prohibit a certain restriction on use from including certain reasonable guidelines; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Queen Anne’s County – Alcoholic Beverages – Repeal of Place of Worship Prohibition. Description: Repealing a prohibition on the Board of License Commissioners for Queen Anne's County from issuing a license to an establishment located within 500 feet of a place of worship.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Marijuana - Possession and Possession With Intent to Distribute. Description: Increasing, from 10 grams to 1 ounce, the amount of marijuana below which possession is a civil offense, rather than a criminal offense; and creating a presumption that a person in possession of less than 1 ounce of marijuana is not in violation of a certain provision of law with regard to marijuana in the absence of any other evidence of a certain violation.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Talbot County – Deer and Turkey Hunting – Sundays. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person to hunt deer on each Sunday of the deer hunting seasons from the first Sunday in October through the second Sunday in January, inclusive, in Talbot County; and authorizing the Department to allow a person to hunt turkey each Sunday of the spring turkey hunting season in Talbot County.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Marine Contractor License – Performance of Services – Licensing Requirements and Fees. Description: Authorizing an individual who is employed by a county or municipality in the State to perform marine contractor services while in the performance of the duties of their employment without having to obtain a marine contractor license under certain circumstances; and exempting certain individuals who perform marine contractor services while in the performance of the duties of their employment from paying a fee for the issuance or renewal of a license or a test administered by the Board.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Party and Elected Public Offices – Prohibitions. Description: Providing that certain provisions of law do not apply to an individual who simultaneously holds an elected public office and is on the ballot for the national presidential nominating convention or holds the office of delegate to the national presidential nominating convention; prohibiting individuals from simultaneously being a candidate for a party office and an elected public office; and prohibiting individuals from simultaneously holding a party office and an elected public office.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax - Vendor Collection Credit - Job Training. Description: Authorizing certain vendors who are qualified job training organizations to claim a credit for the expense of collecting and paying the sales and use tax; prohibiting, for any calendar year, the total amount of credits a vendor may claim from exceeding $100,000; requiring a vendor to be certified as a qualified job training organization before claiming a certain credit; authorizing a vendor to submit an application to the Secretary of Labor to be certified as a qualified job training organization; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Gas Service Regulator Safety (Flower Branch Act). Description: Requiring that any gas service newly installed at an occupied structure may have a gas service regulator installed only outside the structure; requiring an existing interior gas service regulator in a multifamily residential structure to be relocated outside whenever a gas service line or regulator is replaced; requiring a gas company, on or before January 1, 2022, to file a plan with the Public Service Commission to relocate any gas service regulator that provides service to a multifamily residential structure; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Failure to Pay Video Toll - Penalties. Description: Repealing the requirement that the Motor Vehicle Administration, under certain circumstances, suspend the registration of a motor vehicle that incurs a certain toll violation; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Exploitation of Vulnerable Adult or Elderly Individual - Undue Influence. Description: Altering the definition of "undue influence" for purposes of provisions of law prohibiting the exploitation of certain vulnerable adults or individuals at least 68 years old that results in inequity; requiring a court, in determining whether a transfer of property was induced by undue influence, to consider certain factors; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Queen Anne's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Unannounced Visits by Inspectors. Description: Decreasing the frequency, from 60 to 180 days, for when an alcoholic beverages inspector is required to make an unannounced visit to licensed premises in Queen Anne's County.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property – Condominiums and Homeowners Associations – Governing Bodies and Annual Meetings. Description: Requiring the governing body of a condominium to convene at least two meetings each year at which unit owners have an opportunity to provide comment; requiring the developer of a condominium to appoint a unit owner, not otherwise affiliated with the developer, to the board within 30 days after the date on which units representing 25% of the currently subdivided units have been conveyed by the developer to members of the public for residential purposes; requiring the developer to deliver a certain notice to each board member; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations – Filing Fee Study. Description: Requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to study and make recommendations to the General Assembly regarding certain filing fees and associated requirements of neighboring states that are equivalent or substantially similar to filing fees required under certain sections of the Corporations and Associations Article on or before January 1, 2022.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax Checkoff - Maryland Veterans Trust Fund. Description: Establishing an income tax checkoff for voluntary contributions to the Maryland Veterans Trust Fund; requiring the Comptroller to include a checkoff on the individual income tax return; requiring the Comptroller to collect and account for contributions made through the checkoff and to credit the proceeds to the Fund after deducting the amount necessary to administer the checkoff; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Ethics - Officials and Employees - Acceptance of Gifts and Prohibited Retaliation. Description: Prohibiting an official or a State employee from accepting a gift from a certain association or an entity acting on behalf of the association; and prohibiting an official or employee from retaliating against an individual for reporting or participating in an investigation of a potential violation of the Maryland Public Ethics Law.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: District Court Commissioners - Arrest Warrants - Recall and Issuance of a Summons. Description: Authorizing a judge of the District Court or a judge of a circuit court, on a finding of good cause, to recall an arrest warrant issued by a District Court commissioner and issue a summons in its place.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Regulation of Common Ownership Community Managers. Description: Creating the State Board of Common Ownership Community Managers in the Maryland Department of Labor to oversee the licensing of community managers who provide management services for common ownership communities; providing the purpose of the Board is to adopt rules of conduct for licensees, establish training programs for the issuing of certain licenses, and education for individuals who have been issued a certain license; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to allocate up to $100,000 for the Board in fiscal year 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on Oral Health in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Oral Health in Maryland to study access to dental services for all State residents with a focus on socioeconomic status, race, ethnicity, age, and  disabilities, identify areas lacking in services, identify barriers to receiving services including the impact of implicit bias, race, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status, and make recommendations on methods to increase access to dental services; requiring the Task Force to submit a final report by December 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Foreign Manufacture of Election Systems – Notification and Termination of Contract. Description: Prohibiting the State Board of Elections from approving a contract with an election service provider unless the contract requires the election service provider to report to the State Administrator of Elections if any stage in the manufacturing of a component of the provider's election system occurred outside the United States or if any material change to a component in any stage in the manufacturing of an election system occurred outside the United States; requiring the State Administrator to forward the report within 5 days; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Drug Paraphernalia for Administration - Decriminalization. Description: Repealing the prohibition against a person using or possessing with intent to use drug paraphernalia to inject, ingest, inhale, or otherwise introduce into the human body a controlled dangerous substance; repealing the prohibition against a person delivering or selling, or manufacturing or possessing with intent to deliver or sell drug paraphernalia under certain circumstances; altering a prohibition against a person possessing or distributing controlled paraphernalia under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Child Abuse and Sexual Misconduct Prevention - Hiring Emergent Employees. Description: Authorizing the hiring of an emergent employee by a county board of education or nonpublic school for a period not to exceed 60 days pending a review of an individual's employment history for applicants who will have direct contact with minors; authorizing a contracting agency to use an employment history review completed by a current or former employer under certain circumstances;  authorizing a county board or nonpublic school to share a certain employment history review with other county boards and nonpublic schools; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard – Municipal Electric Utilities. Description: Setting the renewable energy portfolio standard for municipal electric utilities for 2021 and later.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commission on Student Behavioral Health and Mental Health Treatment. Description: Establishing the Commission on Student Behavioral Health and Mental Health Treatment; requiring the Commission to study certain matters regarding student behavioral health and mental health treatment and make recommendations on actions necessary to improve current student behavioral health practices and programs; requiring the Commission to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor, the State Board of Education, and the General Assembly on or before July 1, 2022, and December 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Local Government Tort Claims Act – Definition of Local Government. Description: Altering the definition of "local government" under the Local Government Tort Claims Act to include the Maryland Association of Counties Pooled OPEB Trust Fund.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Sale of Mobile Home Parks - Notice Requirements. Description: Altering the time frame of certain notices that a mobile home park owner is required to provide to each resident in the mobile home park  and the Department of Housing and Community Development and to post in a public area of the mobile home park, concerning the sale of the mobile home park, to be not less than 30 days before the date of the sale of the park.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Solid Waste Management – Prohibition on Releasing a Balloon Into the Atmosphere. Description: Prohibiting a person who is at least 13 years old, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a nonprofit entity, the State, or any unit or political subdivision of the State from knowingly and intentionally releasing, or causing to be released, a balloon into the atmosphere, with certain exceptions; prohibiting a person from organizing or participating in a mass balloon release of 10 or more balloons; requiring a certain unit of a local government with delegated enforcement authority to report certain violations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Child Care Homes, Large Family Child Care Homes, and Child Care Centers - Early Childhood Screening and Assistance. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, by January 1, 2022, to establish guidelines for early childhood developmental screenings for children under the age of 3 years to be used by certain family child care homes or child care centers to assess a child's developmental progress and screen for potential disabilities; requiring, beginning July 1, 2022, certain family child care homes or child care centers   to offer to parents or guardians evaluations for children entering these homes or centers; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Office of the Inspector General for Health. Description: Renaming the Office of the Inspector General in the Maryland Department of Health to be the Maryland Office of the Inspector General for Health and providing that the Office is an independent unit of the State, rather than a unit in the Department; requiring an annual report by December 1 of the Office's activities investigating fraud and waste of certain funds, referrals to the Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, recoveries of mistaken claims paid in error, recoveries of the cost of benefits mistakenly paid, and regulatory changes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - Fees for Summer School Courses - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a local school system from charging a student a fee for enrollment in a summer school course if the student attends a school in the local school system, credit for the course is a high school graduation requirement, and the student has previously taken the course, but did not successfully complete or receive credit for the course.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Business Regulation – Home Improvement Contracts – Deposits. Description: Specifying that the maximum portion of a home improvement contract price that a person may receive when work commences on a certain project may not be more than one-half of the total home improvement contract price; prohibiting a person from receiving the remaining amount of a home improvement contract price until the completion of the home improvement specified in the contract, except under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity and Gas - Energy Suppliers - Supply Offers. Description: Requiring the Public Service Commission, by January 1, 2023, to establish an administrative process to approve supply offers for electricity or gas for households in the State that receive energy assistance through a program in the Office of Home Energy Programs; prohibiting, beginning on July 1, 2023, unless the Commission has approved the supply offer, a third-party retail supplier from offering to provide electricity or gas, renewing a certain contract, or charging a certain fee to certain households in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Time Off for Employee Voting. Description: Requiring every employer in the State to allow any employee who does not have 2 hours of continuous off-duty time when the polls are open  up to 2 hours absence from work to vote in an election; altering the requirement that certain employees furnish to their employers certain proof the employee has voted to specify that the proof be furnished in a timely manner; and prohibiting an employer from discriminating, retaliating, or taking any form of reprisal against an employee who is absent from work to vote.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property – Required Notices for Contracts of Sale – Zones of Dewatering Influence. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to develop and publish on its website a searchable map of zones of dewatering influence; defining "zones of dewatering influence" as the area around a surface mine in karst terrain; requiring a contract for the sale of real property in Baltimore County, Carroll County, Frederick County, or Washington County include a notice about property located in a certain zone; establishing that a purchaser of real property that does not receive the required notice has a right to rescind a contract; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools – Enrollment Location – Continuity. Description: Removing a forestry camp and a training school from a certain list of placements; prohibiting a child who is a juvenile placed in the custody of certain entities from being disenrolled from public school until the disposition of the child's juvenile case; requiring the public school in which the child is enrolled to provide the State Department of Education with certain educational materials; requiring the Department, in consultation with county boards of education, to develop and implement a certain procedure; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - Pregnant and Parenting Students - Policies and Reports. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to establish a model policy to support the educational and parenting goals and improve the educational outcomes of pregnant and parenting students; requiring the model policy to include certain policies and procedures; requiring each county board of education to establish a policy based on the Department's model policy; and altering the required contents of the pregnant and parenting students attendance policy developed by each county board.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: On-Site Sewage Disposal Systems - Inspection - Licensing. Description: Prohibiting an individual from engaging in the business of inspecting an on-site sewage disposal system unless the person holds a valid on-site wastewater property transfer inspection license issued by the Department of the Environment on or after July 1, 2022; requiring the Department to adopt certain regulations by January 1, 2022; providing an administrative penalty of up to $10,000 for a violation of the Act; providing that each inspection knowingly conducted without a valid license constitutes a separate violation of the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Security Questions and Measures. Description: Requiring a financial institution that requires a customer to provide an answer to a security question in connection with the provision of an account to allow a customer to choose from at least two security questions options for each required security question; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juveniles Convicted as Adults - Sentencing - Limitations and Reduction (Juvenile Restoration Act). Description: Authorizing a court, when sentencing a minor convicted as an adult, to impose a sentence less than the minimum term; prohibiting a court from imposing a sentence of life without the possibility of parole or release for a minor; authorizing a certain individual convicted as an adult for an offense committed as a minor to file a motion to reduce the duration of the sentence; requiring the court to conduct a hearing on a motion to reduce the sentence; requiring that notice of the hearing be given to the victim or the victim's representative; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Law Enforcement Officers - Prohibition on Sexual Activity. Description: Prohibiting a law enforcement officer from engaging in certain sexual acts, sexual contact, or vaginal intercourse with a victim, witness, or suspect in an open investigation that the officer is conducting, supervising, or assisting with, if the officer knew or should have known that the person is a victim, witness, or suspect, is requesting assistance from or responding to the law enforcement officer in the course of the officer's official duties, or is in the custody of the officer; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Southern Maryland Rapid Transit Project - Funding. Description: Requiring the State Department of Transportation promptly to 
undertake all steps necessary to complete the design, engineering, and National Environmental Policy Act process and secure a record of decision for the Southern Maryland Rapid Transit Project; requiring the Governor in each of fiscal years 2023 through 2027 to include in the annual State budget an appropriation from the Transportation Trust Fund of at least $5,000,000, contingent on the receipt of certain federal funds for certain purposes related to the Project; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Care Facilities - Assisted Living Programs - Requirements for Alzheimer's Special Care Units and Regulations. Description: Requiring that the Maryland Department of Health establish certain training and staffing requirements for Alzheimer's special care units in assisted living programs; and requiring the Department to convene interested stakeholders by December 1, 2022, to make revisions to certain regulations and adopt regulations for assisted living programs that incorporate the requirements for Alzheimer's special care units as provided in the Act.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: County Boards of Education - Symbols of Hate - Policy. Description: Requiring, on or before December 31, 2021, each county board of education to adopt a policy prohibiting the use or display of a symbol of hate; requiring the policy to prohibit the display of a symbol of hate on clothing, book bags, folders, or similar items and to provide a student who displays a hate symbol the opportunity to remove or cover up the symbol; providing an exception to allow a symbol of hate to be used as an example in a course of study; requiring a county board to distribute educational materials about the policy; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders. Description: Requiring, for fiscal years 2022 and 2023, the Comptroller to distribute $250,000 of certain abandoned property funds to the Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders Fund; establishing the Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders Fund to provide grants to the University of Maryland School of Law, the University of Baltimore School of Law, and the Maryland Volunteer Lawyers Service to operate tax clinics for low-income Marylanders; requiring the Comptroller to administer the Fund; authorizing the Governor to provide a certain appropriation; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Minority Participation in the Alcoholic Beverages Industry - Study. Description: Requiring the Governor's Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to conduct a study of the participation of minority-owned businesses in the alcoholic beverages industry in the State; providing for the inclusion of certain issues in the study; requiring the Office to conduct the study in consultation and cooperation with certain agencies and interests; requiring the Office to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by January 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Financing Act - Matching Fund Revisions (Maryland Fair Elections Act). Description: Requiring the Comptroller to distribute public contributions to a certain campaign finance entity established to receive public contributions for certain eligible candidates; requiring the State Board of Elections to make a certain determination regarding the balance of the Fair Campaign Financing Fund on or before a certain date in certain years; requiring in fiscal year 2023 the governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of at least $4,000,000 to the Fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Crimes Involving Computers. Description: Prohibiting a person from committing a certain prohibited act with the intent to interrupt or impair the functioning of a health care facility or a public school; prohibiting a person from knowingly possessing certain ransomware with the intent to use the ransomware for purposes of introduction into a computer, network, or system of another person; providing a penalty for violation of the Act of 2 years of imprisonment and up to a $5,000 fine or both; authorizing a victim of a certain offense to bring a civil action for damages; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Annual Fees MC 19-21. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Montgomery County, for the 2020-2021 licensing period, to refund holders of certain alcoholic beverages licenses the entire amount of the annual license fee and to refund holders of certain other alcoholic beverages licenses a certain amount of the annual license fee for the 2021-2022 licensing period; and requiring the Board, for the 2021-2022 licensing period, to waive the late fee for certain alcoholic beverages licenses.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pharmacists - Required Notification and Authorized Substitution - Lower-Cost Drug or Device Product. Description: Requiring a pharmacist, or the pharmacist's designee who is under certain supervision, to inform a consumer of the availability of a therapeutically equivalent brand name drug that is the lowest cost alternative to the originally prescribed drug or device and the cost difference between the equivalent drug or device and the prescribed drug; requiring a pharmacist to provide written notice, or to maintain a record that indicates a patient was notified in writing or orally, that the generic product is equivalent to the brand name product; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County – Alcoholic Beverages – Seating Requirements MC 11–21. Description: Repealing requirements for a minimum seating capacity of 200 and maximum seating capacity of 1,499 individuals for a BWL Community Performing Arts Facility license for alcoholic beverages in Montgomery County.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Alcoholic Beverages - Draft Beer for Off-Site Consumption in Damascus MC 12-21. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Montgomery County to issue a refillable container permit for draft beer or a nonrefillable container permit for draft beer to a holder of a Class H beer and wine license if the licensed establishment is in Damascus.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Enoch Pratt Free Library - Operating Hours and Funding. Description: Requiring an annual appropriation of $3,000,000 to be used for branches of the Enoch Pratt Free Library that extend operating hours and services above those in effect as of January 1, 2016; declaring that it is the intent of the General Assembly to utilize increased operating hours and services to advance the library's commitment to equity, inclusion, and greater access to library resources, programs, and services; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Assessments and Taxation - Identification Number for Business - Task Force. Description: Requiring the Department of Assessments and Taxation to convene a task force to study and make recommendations on the adoption of a unique Maryland Identification Number for each registered or licensed business in the State to be used by certain State agencies; requiring the task force to include representatives of certain State agencies; authorizing the task force to include representatives of certain other State agencies; providing for the duties of the task force; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County Planning Board - Nontraditional Recreational Opportunities - Establishment and Fund MC/PG 104-21. Description: Requiring the Prince George's County planning board to include nontraditional recreational opportunities in its program of recreation; establishing the Nontraditional Recreation Fund; requiring the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission to record certain revenues in the Fund to be used for certain capital improvement projects, to provide patrons of the Commission with access to equipment for nontraditional recreational opportunities, and for supplies and direct program costs; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Charging Procedures - Citations. Description: Altering the circumstances under which a police officer is required to charge by citation for certain misdemeanor or local ordinance violations that do not involve serious injury or an immediate health risk; altering the categories of offenses for which a police officer is authorized to charge by citation; altering the circumstances under which a police officer may charge a defendant by citation; adding a citation for an incarcerable crime as a document that may accompany a certain application for requisition; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Legal and Employee Holiday - Juneteenth National Freedom Day. Description: Designating June 19 for Juneteenth National Freedom Day as a State legal and employee holiday; and repealing the requirement that the Governor proclaim June 19 as Juneteenth National Freedom Day.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Marriage - Licenses and Records. Description: Altering certain designations on a marriage license and certificate;  and authorizing the clerk of the circuit court to maintain a certain electronic record as an alternative to the requirement that the clerk keep a certain marriage license book.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public-Private Partnerships and the Collection of Video Tolls. Description: Establishing the Public-Private Partnership Oversight Review Board to review public-private partnership presolicitation reports and make certain recommendations; requiring a certain reporting agency to include in presolicitation reports for public-private partnerships with a total value that exceeds $500,000,000 presolicitation reports of certain contracts; requiring a reporting agency to submit a separate presolicitation report for each phase of a project that will develop in phases; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property – Residential Rental Property Inspection – Remote Visual Inspection. Description: Requiring certain local jurisdictions to adopt provisions for the remote visual inspection of certain residential rental property under certain circumstances; requiring a certain local provision to be calculated to achieve a remote visual inspection that is comparable to an on-site visual inspection, require inspections to be directed by a certain individual, require a certain verification, identify the aspects of a property that may be inspected remotely, and require, before any enforcement action, a certain on-site inspection; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Officers' Retirement System - Kent County. Description: Requiring membership in the Correctional Officers' Retirement System for certain local detention center officers of Kent County under certain circumstances; providing that a certain individual is entitled to eligibility service and creditable service that was earned before the effective date of Kent County's participation in the Correctional Officers' Retirement System; providing for the transfer of creditable service for a certain individual; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Application of Premium Tax - Continued Exclusion of Maryland Automobile Insurance Fund. Description: Repealing a certain termination provision for the purpose of continuing the exclusion of the Maryland Automobile Insurance Fund from the list of insurance companies and other persons that are subject to a certain premium tax.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transfer With Success Act. Description: Requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to establish certain procedures that require a public institution of higher education that denies the transfer of a credit or course to an enrolled student to report the denial to the student and the institution from which the student originates and submit to the Commission a report each year listing the denials and the reasons for the denials; and requiring the procedures to direct a certain institution to review a denial of the transfer of a credit or course.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax Credit - Urban Agricultural Property - Repeal of Repayment Requirement. Description: Repealing a requirement that the owner of certain property repay all property taxes that would have been imposed if certain property tax credits had not been granted if the property ceases to be used for urban agricultural purposes; and applying the Act to taxable years beginning after June 30, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Student Attendance - Excused Absences for Mental Health Needs. Description: Providing that absences from school for mental health needs are lawful absences under certain circumstances; requiring a county board of education to excuse an absence for a student's mental health needs; requiring a student who is minor to obtain permission from a parent or guardian for an absence due to the student's mental health needs; requiring a student who is absent due to mental health needs to meet with a school mental health specialist within an appropriate period of time after returning to school; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Equity Resource Act. Description: Establishing a Pathways to Health Equity Program in the Community Health Resources Commission to provide the foundation and guidance for a permanent Health Equity Resource Community program; altering the purposes of the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange Fund; requiring the Commission to designate certain areas as Health Equity Resource Communities to target State resources toward reducing health disparities, improving health outcomes and access to primary care, and reducing health care costs; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Superintendent of Schools - Qualifications and Senate Confirmation. Description: Requiring that the State Superintendent of Schools be appointed with the advice and consent of the Senate; and prohibiting the appointment of an individual as State Superintendent if the individual is, or during the immediately preceding year was, a member of the State Board of Education.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard - Alterations and Compliance Fees. Description: Altering the renewable energy portfolio standard for certain years; extending indefinitely the renewable energy portfolio standard percentage derived from Tier 2 renewable sources; repealing the limit on the period of time during which energy from a Tier 2 renewable source is eligible for inclusion in meeting the renewable energy portfolio standard; altering the compliance fee for a shortfall from the required percentage of energy from certain Tier 1 renewable sources for the renewable energy portfolio standard; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County - School Board Nominating Commission - Vacancy Procedures. Description: Requiring the Baltimore County School Board Nominating Commission to hold a public hearing on the selection of a nominee for a single vacancy on the Baltimore County Board of Education in a certain manner under certain circumstances; requiring the Commission to make publicly available on its website live video streaming of certain public hearings and certain archived video recordings; authorizing the Commission to retain and reactivate the applications of certain candidates for certain vacancies on the county board; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity - Change of Address - Maintenance of Subscriptions and Contracts. Description: Authorizing a subscriber to a community solar energy generating system who has a change in the service address associated with the subscription to maintain the subscription under certain circumstances; prohibiting an electric company or a subscription organization from terminating a subscriber's subscription due to a change of a certain address under certain circumstances; requiring an electric company to make certain changes to accommodate a subscriber's change of address under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Court Order to Use a Cell Site Simulator or Obtain Location Information From an Electronic Device - Procedures. Description: Providing the ways in which an application for a court order authorizing or directing a law enforcement officer to use a cell site simulator or obtain location information from an electronic device may be submitted to a judge; providing for the ways in which an applicant for the court order and a judge may converse about the court order application; and providing for the ways in which a judge may issue the court order.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Plug–In Electric Drive Vehicles – Reserved Parking Spaces. Description: Prohibiting a person from stopping, standing, or parking a vehicle that is not a plug-in electric drive vehicle plugged into charging equipment in a parking space that is designated for the use of plug-in electric drive vehicles; establishing certain standards for signage designating reserved parking for certain plug-in electric drive vehicles; requiring that a parking space that is for the use of plug-in electric drive vehicles be counted as part of the overall number of parking spaces for purposes of complying with certain laws; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Horse Racing - Maryland-Bred Race Fund - Advisory Committee Membership and Registration of Horses. Description: Altering the membership of the Maryland-Bred Race Fund Advisory Committee to include an individual who is a member of and recommended by the Maryland Thoroughbred Horsemen's Association, Inc.; altering the circumstances under which a horse may be registered with the Maryland Horse Breeders Association, Inc.; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Towing or Removal of Vehicles - Reclamation Hours. Description: Limiting, to at a minimum from 6 a.m. to midnight, the hours during which a certain person in possession of a vehicle that has been towed or removed from a parking lot is required to provide an opportunity for the vehicle owner or the owner's agent to retake possession of the vehicle; and altering a certain signage requirement imposed on the owner or operator of a parking lot relating to hours during which a towed vehicle may be reclaimed.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Care Facilities - Dialysis Treatment Services - Training (David Selby Dialysis Parity Act). Description: Prohibiting a health care facility from providing peritoneal dialysis or hemodialysis treatment services unless the individual performing the dialysis procedure has been trained in the peritoneal dialysis or hemodialysis technique being performed; establishing civil penalties not exceeding $5,000 for each violation of the Act; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to adopt certain regulations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education – School Construction – Pedestrian Safety Plans (School Pedestrian Safety Act). Description: Requiring certain county boards of education seeking State funds for the construction of a new school, or the renovation of or an addition to an existing school that would increase the capacity by more than 100 students, to submit a pedestrian safety plan to the Interagency Commission on School Construction under certain circumstances; requiring the Commission to review the plans in consultation with the State Highway Administration; providing for the contents of the plan to ensure safe routes for students to walk or bike to school; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Wiretapping - Misconduct in Office. Description: Adding misconduct in office to certain lists of crimes for which certain evidence may be gathered by interception of oral, wire, or electronic communications.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Railroad Company - Movement of Freight - Required Crew. Description: Prohibiting a train or light engine used in the movement of freight in the same rail corridor as a high-speed passenger or commuter train from being operated in the State unless it has at least two crew members; establishing certain penalties; providing that a railroad company is solely responsible for certain actions of its agents or employees; prohibiting a county or municipal corporation from enacting and enforcing more stringent measures; requiring certain notice be made to the Department of Legislative Services; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Internal Revenue Code Amendments - Decoupling. Description: Prohibiting, except under certain circumstances, the retroactive application of certain amendments to the Internal Revenue Code to the determination of Maryland taxable income; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission – Board of Ethics – Financial Disclosure Statements – Late Fees MC/PG 102–21. Description: Imposing a certain fee on certain persons subject to the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission ethics laws for filing certain financial disclosure statements late; and setting the amount of a late fee at $5 for each day the filing is late, not to exceed a total of $500.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Impaired Entities - Delinquency Proceedings. Description: Providing that a federal home loan bank may not be stayed or prohibited from exercising certain rights with respect to certain collateral of a certain insurer-member after the 14th day following the filing of a delinquency proceeding; requiring a federal home loan bank to repurchase certain outstanding capital stock of a certain insurer-member under certain circumstances; requiring a federal home loan bank to establish a certain timeline and process within 10 business days after a request from a receiver; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Custody - Legal Decision Making and Parenting Time. Description: Repealing references to the terms "child custody" and "visitation"  and substituting the terms "legal decision making" and "parenting time" in certain instances; authorizing the court to award joint legal decision making to both parties under certain circumstances; authorizing the court, in determining certain legal decision-making authority and parenting time in certain child custody proceedings, to consider certain factors; requiring the court to articulate certain findings of fact on the record or in a written opinion; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages Districts - Legislative Districting Plan References. Description: Updating certain provisions of law regarding Baltimore City alcoholic beverages districts to refer to the Legislative Districting Plan of 2012 rather than the corresponding plan of 2002; requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to grant a certain exemption to certain persons under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Clean Water Commerce Act of 2021. Description: Establishing the Clean Water Commerce Account within the Bay Restoration Fund; requiring the Department of the Environment to transfer $20,000,000 from the Fund to the Account for certain purposes beginning in fiscal year 2022 and each year thereafter; altering the authorized uses of the Fund to include certain transfers to the Account; limiting the uses of the Account to the purchase of environmental outcomes in support of the State's efforts to achieve the Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Legal Services Corporation Funding - Abandoned Property. Description: Increasing, from $2,000,000 to $8,000,000, the amount that the State Comptroller is required to distribute of certain abandoned property funds each year to the Maryland Legal Services Corporation Fund.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Clean Energy Loan Program - Remediation and Resiliency. Description: Expanding the purpose of a certain clean energy loan program to include loans for water efficiency projects, environmental remediation projects intended to remove environmental or health hazards, and  resiliency projects to increase the capacity of a property to withstand the effects of climate change; adding water efficiency projects and environmental remediation and resiliency projects to the items requiring eligibility requirements under a certain ordinance; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Libraries - Electronic Literary Product Licenses - Access. Description: Requiring a publisher who offers to license an electronic literary product to the public to also offer to license the product to public libraries in the State on reasonable terms that would enable public libraries to provide library users with access to the electronic literary product; authorizing the terms of a license authorizing public libraries to provide access to electronic literary products to include certain limitations; defining an electronic literary product;  etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Equipment - Safety Glass - Replacement Standards. Description: Requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to adopt regulations establishing standards and requirements for aftermarket safety glass replacement that include certain requirements and meet or exceed certain standards and requirements; and defining "aftermarket safety glass replacement" as motor vehicle safety glass replacement services that occur after the original installation by a vehicle manufacturer.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - School Resource Officers and School Security Employees - Revisions. Description: Requiring a specialized curriculum for school resource officers and school security employees to include training in certain matters; requiring that beginning on September 1, 2021, a school resource office or school security employee meet certain qualifications; requiring the Maryland Center for School Safety to develop a specialized curriculum and offer training to certain supervisors and administrators; requiring a local school system that employs a security employee to establish a certain complaint process; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Repossession for Failure to Pay Rent - Registration and License Information. Description: Requiring a landlord, or a landlord's duly authorized agent, at the time of filing a certain complaint in an action for repossession for failure to pay rent to submit documents demonstrating a property, is in compliance with certain local license requirements and certain lead-based paint abatement laws; specifying that a provisional or temporary license is insufficient to satisfy certain filing requirements; providing that a landlord has the burden of proving that a property is in compliance with certain requirements; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: St. Mary’s County Human Relations Commission – Equal Treatment. Description: Altering the duties of the St. Mary's County Human Relations Commission with regard to encouraging and ensuring the equal treatment of all people; and requiring the Commission to maintain a list on a publicly accessible website of protected classes of people in federal, State, and local laws and regulations related to housing, employment, and public accommodations.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary’s County – Repeal of Impact Fee – Authorization of Building Excise Tax. Description: Repealing the authority of the County Commissioners of St. Mary's County to impose a development impact fee to finance the cost of certain facilities required to accommodate new construction or development; authorizing the county commissioners to impose a building excise tax on any building construction in the county; requiring the county commissioners to specify the types of building construction that are subject to the tax; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Distillery On-Site Consumption Permit. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for St. Mary's County to grant an on-site consumption permit to the holder of a Class 1 distillery license in St. Mary's County; requiring an application for the permit to be made at least 30 days before use; and establishing an annual fee of $650 for the permit.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Gaming - Administration of Bingo Licenses. Description: Requiring the Board of County Commissioners of St. Mary's County to designate a person to administer the issuance of bingo licenses in the county; authorizing the Board, in consultation with the designee, to adopt certain regulations; requiring certain organizations to apply to the designee for a bingo license; requiring the designee to charge certain license fees; requiring certain organizations to allow the designee to inspect certain records of the organization; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Sexual Offenders – Lifetime Supervision. Description: Requiring a sentence for certain persons convicted of certain sexual abuse crimes to include a term of lifetime sexual offender supervision; and providing for the prospective application of the Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Gaming - Video Lottery Facilities - Payout Percentages, Distribution of Proceeds, and Building Restrictions. Description: Altering certain minimum payout percentages of certain video lottery terminals; requiring the Comptroller to pay a certain amount  from the State Lottery Fund as local impact grants to Anne Arundel County or Baltimore City under certain circumstances; altering the distribution of proceeds from video lottery terminals at certain facilities in certain counties; repealing a certain limitation on the holder of a video lottery operation license for Worcester County or certain other persons to build or convert certain lodging facilities; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Historic Revitalization Tax Credit - Certified Historic Structure and Single-Family, Owner-Occupied Residence - Definitions. Description: Altering the definitions of "certified historic structure" and "single-family, owner-occupied residence" to include a certain structure that is located on property that is owned by the Department of Natural Resources or one of its units and occupied by a person under an agreement with the Department by which the person pays for rehabilitation of the structure as a condition of occupancy; applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Interstate Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact. Description: Entering into the Interstate Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact; stating the purpose of the Compact; requiring a state to meet certain requirements to participate in the Compact; establishing certain duties of member states; authorizing a certain state to charge a certain fee for granting a certain compact privilege; requiring certain occupational therapists or occupational therapy assistants to meet certain eligibility requirements to receive certain licensure and exercise a certain privilege; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County – Residential Property Sales – School District Information MC 01-21. Description: Requiring a contract for the sale of single-family residential real property in Montgomery County to contain a notice that school boundaries designated for the property may be subject to change; and establishing that a certain contract may not be voided under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County – Housing Opportunities Commission – Public Body MC 07–21. Description: Providing that a committee of the Housing Opportunities Commission of Montgomery County is a public body for purposes of the Open Meetings Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Licenses and Stamps - Revisions. Description: Requiring the Department of Natural Resources to make available and, on request, issue certain licenses and stamps in a digital or electronic format; establishing that an individual may satisfy certain requirements to possess or display a license or stamp by possessing or displaying the document in a digital or electronic format as provided by the Department, subject to a certain exception; requiring an annual special Chesapeake Bay and coastal sport fishing license to be permanently affixed to a boat; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program – Dental Prophylaxis Care and Oral Health Exams. Description: Prohibiting, beginning January 1, 2022, the Maryland Medical Assistance Program from including a frequency limitation on dental prophylaxis care or oral health exams that requires the dental prophylaxis care or oral health exams to be provided at an interval greater than 120 days within a plan year.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Trauma-Informed Care - Commission and Training (Healing Maryland's Trauma Act). Description: Establishing the Commission on Trauma-Informed Care to coordinate a statewide initiative to prioritize the trauma-responsive and trauma-informed delivery of State services that impact children, youth, families, and older adults; requiring the Commission to submit its findings annually to the Governor and the General Assembly by June 30; requiring the Commission to study developing a process and framework for implementing an Adverse Childhood Experiences (ACEs) Aware Program in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Birth Registration - Gestational Carriers. Description: Requiring a certain person to attach a copy of an order of the court establishing parentage to a certificate of birth under certain circumstances; requiring, for a birth involving a gestational carrier in which parentage is determined by a certain court, that a certain person enter certain information on the forms provided by the Secretary of Health and attach a certain order to the forms; requiring the Division of Vital Records to immediately take certain actions on receipt of certain documents; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Division of Consumer Protection - Assisted Living Programs. Description: Requiring an assisted living program that was appointed as a representative payee for residents to report certain information, by June 1 each year, to the Division of Consumer Protection of the Office of the Attorney General; requiring the Office of Health Care Quality in the Maryland Department of Health to notify the Division of the appointment of an assisted living program as a resident's representative payee within a reasonable period of time; requiring unfair trade allegations to be reported in a certain manner; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class D Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Repealing a prohibition on the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore County from issuing a Class D beer, wine, and liquor license for use by a drugstore in Baltimore County.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission - Virtual Public Hearings. Description: Authorizing the Public Service Commission to conduct certain hearings relating to certain rate increases virtually; authorizing the Commission to conduct certain public hearings relating to certain certificates of public convenience and necessity virtually in a certain manner; requiring the Commission to provide information on the virtual hearings prominently on the Commission's website; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: For-Hire Driving and Vehicles - Requirements. Description: Altering the requirements for submission of certain photographs by certain applicants for a for-hire driver's license to the Public Service Commission; requiring certain applicants for a for-hire driver's license to allow the Commission access to photographs through the Motor Vehicle Administration; requiring certain applicants to provide photographs in a format that the Commission specifies; repealing the requirement for certain applicants for a Baltimore City taxicab license to have completed a certain course; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard - Wastewater Heating or Cooling System. Description: Expanding the types of energy sources that qualify as Tier 1 renewable sources under the renewable energy portfolio standard; adding certain wastewater used in certain manners to the definition of a "Tier 1 renewable source"; authorizing energy from a wastewater heating or cooling system to be eligible for inclusion in meeting the renewable energy portfolio standard under certain conditions; requiring the Public Service Commission to determine the energy savings of a wastewater heating or cooling system in a certain manner; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County – Speed Limits – Establishment MC 02–21. Description: Authorizing Montgomery County and municipalities of Montgomery County to decrease the maximum speed limit to not less than 15 miles per hour on highways only after performing an engineering and traffic investigation; and prohibiting Montgomery County and municipalities in Montgomery County from implementing a new speed monitoring system to enforce speed limits on certain highways.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Government – Animal Control Facilities – Adoption Fee Waiver for Veterans (Pets for Vets Act of 2021). Description: Requiring an animal control facility operated by a county or municipality to waive the adoption fee for a dog or cat for a veteran who presents a valid driver's license or identification card that includes a notation of veteran status; authorizing an animal control facility to limit the number of adoption fee waivers granted to an individual under the Act to one dog and one cat within a 6-month period; and applying the Act to all counties and municipalities.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Montgomery County – Automated Traffic Enforcement – Implementing Agency MC 04–21. Description: Authorizing Montgomery County to designate the Montgomery County Department of Transportation as the agency responsible for implementing automated traffic enforcement programs in the county; requiring that an employee of the Montgomery County Department of Transportation, instead of a law enforcement officer, under certain circumstances, sign a certain required statement on a citation issued through the use of automated traffic enforcement systems in Montgomery County; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Facilities - Hospitals - Medical Debt Protection. Description: Specifying the method for calculating family income to be used to consider free or reduced-cost medical care under a certain hospital financial assistance policy; requiring that the description of a hospital's financial assistance policy include a section that allows a patient to indicate the patient is aware of the policy; prohibiting a hospital from charging interest or fees on certain debts incurred by patients; requiring the Health Services Cost Review Commission to develop guidelines for an income-based payment plan; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Cooperative Housing Corporations, Condominiums, and Homeowners Associations - Reserve Studies MC 3-21. Description: Requiring the governing body of certain cooperative housing corporations in Montgomery County to have a certain reserve study conducted of the common elements of the cooperative housing corporation within 5 years after the date of the initial reserve study and updated at least every 5 years under certain circumstances; requiring the reserve study conducted of the common elements of a cooperative housing corporation in Montgomery County to meet certain criteria; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity - Net Energy Metering - Limit. Description: Increasing to 3,000 megawatts the statewide limit on rated generating capacity for net energy metering under a certain contract or tariff available to certain eligible customer-generators.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Disabled Active Duty Service Members, Disabled Veterans, and Surviving Spouses - Property Tax Abatement MC 20-21. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Montgomery County to authorize, by law, for taxable years beginning on or after July 1, 2018, and under certain circumstances, an abatement of any overdue property tax on dwelling houses owned by disabled active duty service members, disabled veterans, or surviving spouses who qualify for a certain property tax exemption; making the Act an emergency measure; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 46th District - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses. Description: Authorizing the holder of a Class 9 limited distillery license and a 6-day Class D beer, wine, and liquor license to apply to the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to convert the existing Class D license to a 7-day Class D beer, wine, and liquor license in the 46th alcoholic beverages district; authorizing the Board to issue a Class B beer, wine, and liquor license and a Class D beer and light wine license in a certain area if a memorandum of understanding has been executed with Brewer's Hill Neighbors, Inc.; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Annual Reports. Description: Altering the due dates of certain annual reports prepared by the Public Service Commission; and altering from December 1 to January 1 the due date of a certain report by the Department of Housing and Community Development relating to the Electric Universal Service Program.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cecil County - Snare Traps - Repeal of Prohibitions. Description: Repealing a prohibition against using, selling, possessing, setting, placing, or maintaining a snare trap in Cecil County.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Employment Standards During an Emergency (Maryland Essential Workers' Protection Act). Description: Requiring each essential employer to take certain actions related to occupational safety and health during an emergency; providing that an essential worker has the right to refuse to perform a certain task as provided under certain provisions of law; requiring essential employers to take certain steps to minimize the risk of transmission of an infectious disease; requiring essential employers to report certain test results to the Maryland Department of Health; requiring the Department to categorize and the publish the results; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cecil County - Sales and Use Tax Exemption - Federal Facilities Redevelopment Areas. Description: Providing an exemption from the sales and use tax for certain construction material or warehousing equipment purchased for use in a certain federal facilities redevelopment area in Cecil County under certain circumstances; requiring a buyer claiming the exemption to provide to the vendor evidence of eligibility issued by the Comptroller; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Utilities – Net Energy Metering. Description: Prohibiting the Public Service Commission from prohibiting the construction or operation of multiple net metered solar generating facilities located on contiguous lots that are owned by a local government solely because the capacity of the combined net metering systems exceeds the 2 megawatt limit under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County – Public Safety – Buildings Used for Agritourism. Description: Adding Calvert County to the list of counties where an existing agricultural building used for agritourism is not considered a change of occupancy that requires a building permit under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Budget Bill (Fiscal Year 2022). Description: Making the proposed appropriations contained in the State Budget for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022, in accordance with Article III, Section 52 of the Maryland Constitution; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Budget Reconciliation and Financing Act of 2021. Description: Altering the source of funding for certain required appropriations; altering the area in which certain raffle proceeds are required to be used; expanding the authorized uses of certain funds; establishing the Maternal and Child Health Population Health Improvement Fund; requiring the Governor to include in the budget bill submitted at the 2022 General Assembly session a certain appropriation; altering the amount of a required appropriation from the Transportation Trust Fund for the operation of the Maryland Transit Administration; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Creation of a State Debt - Maryland Consolidated Capital Bond Loan of 2021, and the Maryland Consolidated Capital Bond Loans of 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020. Description: Authorizing the creation of a State Debt in the amount of $1,106,370,620 the proceeds to be used for certain necessary building, construction, demolition, planning, renovation, conversion, replacement, and capital equipment purchases of the State, for acquiring certain real estate in connection therewith, and for grants to certain subdivisions and other organizations for certain development and improvement purposes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Vehicle Fleet - Conversion to Zero-Emission Passenger Cars and Other Light-Duty Vehicles. Description: Establishing the intent of the General Assembly that a certain percentage of passenger cars and other light-duty vehicles in the State vehicle fleet be zero-emission vehicles by certain years; requiring the State to ensure that a certain minimum percentage of vehicles purchases for the State vehicle fleet in certain fiscal years are zero-emission vehicles, subject to the availability of funding; requiring the Department of General Services to ensure the development of certain charging infrastructure; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums and Homeowners Associations - Meeting Requirements. Description: Making clarifying changes to certain additional meeting requirements for a council of unit owners; requiring notice of an initial properly called meeting of a council of unit owners to include certain information under certain circumstances; requiring an additional meeting of a council of unit owners to be held not earlier than 15 days after the initial properly called meeting; requiring a certain notice of an additional meeting of the council of unit owners to be delivered, advertised, or posted in a certain manner; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Personal Delivery Devices - Standards and Requirements. Description: Establishing an exception to motor vehicle registration requirements for personal delivery devices; authorizing a personal delivery device to operate on any roadway, sidewalk, shoulder, footpath, bicycle trail, or crosswalk in the State; prohibiting a personal delivery device from being operated in certain manners; creating certain marking, equipment, and insurance requirements for personal delivery devices being operated on roadways, sidewalks, shoulders, or crosswalks; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Care Centers - Teacher Qualifications. Description: Requiring the regulations adopted by the State Board of Education to govern the licensing and operation of child care centers to include provisions that establish certain qualifications for probationary employment for an individual applying for the first time to be a child care teacher in a certain child care center in the State; requiring a child care center at the end of a 6-month probationary period to terminate or reassign an individual who has not completed the required pre-service training; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program – Applied Behavior Analysis Services – Reimbursement. Description: Prohibiting the Maryland Department of Health from conditioning reimbursement of applied behavior analysis services provided to Maryland Medical Assistance Program recipients on the presence or availability of the parent or caregiver of the Program recipient in the setting where the applied behavior analysis services are provided to the Program recipient; providing that a certain provision of the Act does not prohibit the Department from establishing reasonable standards for the involvement of a parent or caregiver; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Long-Term Care Planning. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, on or before April 1, 2022, to develop and publish materials to assist State residents with long-term care family planning; requiring certain materials to meet certain requirements; requiring the Department to make certain materials available in certain languages; requiring the Department to ensure that certain materials are understandable to individuals with limited literacy skills; requiring certain State agencies to update certain websites in a certain manner on or before April 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, and Speech–Language Pathologists – Duties, Appointment of Members, and Requirements for Licensees. Description: Altering the definition of "board" for purposes of requiring the State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, and Speech-Language Pathologists to post a list of certain courses, provide certain information on certain courses at a certain time, and advertise the availability of certain courses; requiring the Board, instead of certain organizations, to submit certain lists to the Secretary of Health and the Governor for the purpose of appointing certain members of the Board; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pharmacy Benefits Managers - Revisions. Description: Defining "carrier" and altering the definition of "purchaser" for the purposes of certain provisions of State insurance law governing pharmacy benefits managers to repeal the exclusion of certain persons that provide prescription drug coverage or benefits through plans subject to ERISA and to apply the provisions to certain persons that offer certain plans or programs in the State; applying the Act to certain contracts as of the first day of the first plan year beginning on or after January 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Funeral Establishments and Crematories - Unclaimed Cremains of Veterans - Notification, Disposition, and Reporting. Description: Specifying that the purpose for which licensed funeral establishments and holders of certain permits are authorized to transfer unclaimed cremains of a veteran or an eligible dependent to a veterans service organization under certain circumstances is for the appropriate disposition of the cremains; requiring a funeral establishment or crematory to transfer certain cremains to the Department of Veterans Affairs for the purpose of the appropriate disposition of the cremains; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Veterans - Behavioral Health Services - Mental Health First Aid. Description: Requiring that the behavioral health services for which the Maryland Department of Health provides service coordination for veterans under certain provisions of law include mental health first aid; requiring that mental health first aid consist of training for veterans and the immediate family members of veterans on how to identify and respond to signs of mental illness and substance use disorders; requiring entities teaching a mental health first aid course to report certain information to the Department; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity and Gas - Limited-Income Mechanisms and Assistance. Description: Authorizing certain gas and electric utilities to adopt a limited-income mechanism to benefit certain eligible limited-income customers, subject to the approval of the Public Service Commission; expanding the electric universal service program to customers who are at least 67 years old with annual incomes at or below 200% of the federal poverty level; establishing a Workgroup on Low-Income Utility Assistance to examine the forms of federal, State, local, and private assistance available to low-income residential energy customers; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Judges' Retirement System - Retiree Health Benefits - Mandatory Retirement. Description: Establishing the eligibility for State retiree health benefits for a retiree of the Judges' Retirement System and the retiree's spouse and dependent children when a retiree of the Judges' Retirement System retired at a mandatory retirement age with less than 5 years of creditable service; and providing for the calculation of a certain State subsidy.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Homeowners' and Homestead Property Tax Credits - Eligibility and Access. Description: Requiring a contract for the sale of residential property to include certain information concerning the homestead property tax credit; altering eligibility for the homeowners' property tax credit to include certain surviving family members of the homeowner who stand to inherit the dwelling of the homeowner under certain circumstances; altering the definition of "legal interest" as it applies to certain provisions; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after June 30, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Prohibition on Testing Cosmetics on Animals. Description: Prohibiting a person from conducting or contracting for animal testing in the development of a cosmetic; prohibiting a manufacturer from selling or offering for sale in the State a cosmetic under certain circumstances beginning July 1, 2022; providing that certain provisions of the Act do not apply to certain animal testing; prohibiting a political subdivision from adopting or enforcing provisions of local law relating to animal testing on cosmetics; establishing certain penalties for certain violations of the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County and Garrett County - Archery Hunting - Safety Zone. Description: Altering to 50 yards from a dwelling house, residence, church, or any other building or camp occupied by human beings the size of the safety zone for archery hunters in Allegany County and Garrett County within which archery hunting may not take place except under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Sunday Deer Hunting and Archery Hunting Safety Zones - Prince George's County PG 402-21. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person to hunt deer on each Sunday of the deer hunting seasons in Prince George's County from the first Sunday in October through the second Sunday in January, inclusive; and adding Prince George's County to the list of counties in which the safety zone for archery hunters extends 50 yards from a dwelling house, residence, church, or any other building or camp occupied by human beings.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Speed Monitoring Systems - Residential Districts PG 302-21. Description: Establishing that certain provisions of law authorizing the use of speed monitoring systems in certain residential districts apply in Prince George's County.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Prince George’s County – Alcoholic Beverages – Alcohol Density Zones and Licenses PG 307–21. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County to approve the transfer of a Class A beer, wine, and liquor license into a part of certain alcoholic beverages districts in the county if the original licensed premises is in an alcohol density zone; and defining "alcohol density zone" as a census tract having an average of three or more licensed premises with a Class A beer, wine, and liquor license per square mile.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Vehicle Height Monitoring Systems PG 305-21. Description: Authorizing the use of certain vehicle height monitoring systems in Prince George's County to enforce certain State and local laws during certain times; requiring the establishment of a workgroup of county and municipal officials to examine certain matters before the installation of any vehicle height monitoring systems in Prince George's County; requiring the establishment of a workgroup to include trucking industry representatives for certain purposes prior to the installation of certain vehicle height monitoring systems; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Primary and Secondary Education – School District Energy Use – Policy and Study. Description: Requiring each school district to adopt or update a school district energy policy beginning July 1, 2022; specifying the contents of a school district energy policy; encouraging school districts to set targets to increase the school district's use of renewable energy and reduce the school district's greenhouse gas emissions; requiring that a school district energy policy be posted on the school district's  website and updated every 3 years; requiring the development of a certain standardized reporting template for school districts; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County - Alcoholic Beverages Act of 2021. Description: Repealing certain requirements that the Board of License Commissioners for Garrett County charge a one-time issuing fee for certain licenses; and altering the types of alcoholic beverages that a license holder may purchase from a wholesaler or a retailer in Garrett County.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: School Buildings - Drinking Water Outlets - Elevated Level of Lead (Safe School Drinking Water Act). Description: Altering the definition of "elevated level of lead" for purposes of certain provisions of law requiring the periodic testing for the presence of lead in drinking water outlets in occupied public and nonpublic school buildings; requiring by August 1, 2022, a school to take certain remedial measures on a drinking water outlet tested on or before June 1, 2021, if the test indicated a concentration of lead that was more than 5 parts per billion but less than 20 parts per billion; and providing for the construction of the Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tri–County Council for Southern Maryland – Property Management – Southern Maryland Regional Agricultural Center. Description: Authorizing the Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland to act as a property manager of the Southern Maryland Regional Agricultural Center owned by and located within St. Mary's County.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Homeowner's Insurance - Weather-Related Claims. Description: Prohibiting an insurer from considering a claim for a weather-related event for the purpose of canceling or refusing to renew coverage for homeowner's insurance if the claim is for an amount of loss that is less than the insured's deductible under the policy or is resolved with no payout to or on behalf of the homeowner by the insurer.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Cosmetic Products - Ingredient Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting, except under certain circumstances, a person from knowingly manufacturing, selling, delivering, holding, or offering for sale in the State a cosmetic product that contains certain intentionally added ingredients; providing that a person is not in violation of the Act under certain circumstances; declaring that it is the intent of the General Assembly that the Act be construed in a manner consistent with the prohibition on certain intentionally added ingredients in cosmetics enacted by the European Union; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Abuse and Neglect - Memorandum of Understanding With Military Family Advocacy Program. Description: Requiring a local department of social services with a military installation in its jurisdiction to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Military Family Advocacy Program for that installation; and establishing certain requirements for a memorandum of understanding under the Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Fees for Processing Articles of Dissolution, Certificates of Cancellation, and Other Documents - Repeal. Description: Repealing certain fees charged by the State Department of Assessments and Taxation for processing articles of dissolution, certificates of cancellation, and certain other documents filed by certain business entities with the Department.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electric Cooperatives – Meetings – Alterations. Description: Authorizing annual and special meetings of the members of an electric cooperative to be conducted in person, virtually, or both; requiring the members of the cooperative, by majority vote, to determine in the cooperative's bylaws how meetings may be held; requiring the notice of annual and special meetings to include certain information; altering certain requirements for a quorum; authorizing voting to be conducted in a certain manner in accordance with the cooperative's bylaws; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education – Educational Interpreter – Certification Requirements. Description: Requiring the State Board of Education and the Professional Standards and Teacher Education Board to develop certain rules and regulations for the certification of educational interpreters on or before July 1, 2022; providing that individuals who are deaf or hard of hearing may not be denied the right to receive certain credentials or a contract for work for which the individual is otherwise qualified; requiring the State Board and the Board to consider including a full or partial reimbursement of certain costs for certificate candidates; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Facilities - Residential Service Agencies - Guidance and Reporting. Description: Requiring the Office of the Attorney General, in consultation with the Maryland Department of Health and the Maryland Department of Labor, to produce a guidance document, by December 30, 2021, concerning the application of employee protection laws to the use of personal care aides by residential service agencies; requiring a residential service agency to certify certain information through the signature of a certain individual as a condition of obtaining or renewing a license; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Small Business Innovation Research and Technology Transfer Incentive Program - Alterations. Description: Altering the definitions of "small business innovation research grant" and "small business technology transfer grant" for purposes of the Maryland Small Business Innovation Research and Technology Transfer Incentive Program; requiring the Program to prioritize providing awards to eligible small businesses that are engaged in research and development activities that assist in the prevention of, preparedness for, or response to a public health crisis; expanding the Program's marketing and outreach activities; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Local Elections - County Commissioner and County Boards of Education - District Voting. Description: Requiring an election of a county commissioner or members of certain county boards of education to represent a specific district to be decided by a plurality of the votes cast within that district; and applying certain provisions of the Act only to code counties and commission counties.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Early Voting Centers - Bus Stops. Description: Requiring that, if any early voting center is located within one-half mile of a fixed local bus route, buses operating on that route, shall, to the maximum extent practical, allow passengers to embark and disembark at the entrance of the early voting center during the times the center is open for voting.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transforming Manufacturing in a Digital Economy Workgroup (Making It in Maryland). Description: Establishing the Workgroup to Study the Transformation of Manufacturing in Maryland's Emerging Digital Economy; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Workgroup; requiring the Workgroup to study and make recommendations regarding certain matters relating to the State's current and future workforce and emerging digital economy; requiring the Workgroup to submit an interim report and a final report to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2021, and December 1, 2022, respectively.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Veterans Service Animal Program - Definitions. Description: Defining the terms "service dog", "support dog", and "therapy horse" for the purposes of the law governing the Maryland Veterans Service Animal Program in the Department of Veterans Affairs; defining "service dog" as one that is individually trained to perform certain tasks for the benefit of individuals with certain disabilities; defining "support dog" as one that is individually trained to provide certain support services; and defining "therapy horse" to include one that is deemed appropriate for interactions with veterans.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Calvert County - Sunday Hunting. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person to hunt on each Sunday of the game bird and game mammal season in Calvert County.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Local Government - Regulation of Amateur Radio Station Antenna Structures. Description: Declaring the intent of the General Assembly to codify a certain federal regulation concerning preemption of local regulation of amateur radio station antenna structures; requiring that an ordinance adopted by a county or municipality to regulate amateur radio station antenna structures may not preclude amateur radio communications, must accommodate amateur radio communications, and must constitute the minimum practicable regulation to accomplish the purpose of the ordinance; applying the Act to all counties and municipalities; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: General Provisions - State Song - Repeal. Description: Repealing the State song.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Police Discipline and Law Enforcement Programs and Procedures. Description: Repealing the Law Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights; prohibiting a police officer from preventing a citizen from recording the officer's actions if the citizen is otherwise acting lawfully and safely; establishing the Maryland Loan Assistance Repayment Program for Police Officers and the Maryland Police Officers Scholarship Program; requiring the Police Training and Standards Commission to take certain actions in response to violations of a certain Use of Force Statute; requiring each county to have a police accountability board; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Health Care Facilities - Employees - Alternative Workweeks. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of Health to authorize an employee of a State facility to work according to an "alternative workweek", which means a work schedule under which a certain employee may work less than 40 hours in a week; requiring that a certain employee be considered a full-time employee of the State; providing that certain provisions of law governing the payment for overtime work do not apply to employees of a State facility who are authorized to work according to a certain alternative workweek; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Nursing Homes - Transfer of Ownership - Surveys. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to conduct a full survey within 3 months after the date of transfer of a licensed nursing home, and an unannounced, on-site follow-up survey within 120 days after the full survey was completed, if the ownership of the nursing home is transferred to a person that does not own or operate another nursing home in the State at the time of the transfer.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Alcoholic Beverages - Board of License Commissioners - Qualifications. Description: Requiring that each member of the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore County be a resident and voter of Baltimore County.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class MT License. Description: Establishing a Class MT (movie theater) beer and wine license in Anne Arundel County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to issue the license to the owner of a movie theater who holds a crowd control training certification; authorizing a license holder to sell beer and wine to certain patrons at retail for on-premises consumption; specifying that a license holder may serve a patron only a single serving of beer or wine at a time, with a maximum of two servings of beer or wine per patron per day; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Board of License Commissioners - Chief Inspector. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to employ a chief inspector; and providing an annual salary for the chief inspector of $30,000.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force to Study the Maryland Orphans' Courts. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study the Maryland Orphans' Courts; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; requiring the Task Force to examine the composition and purpose of the orphans' courts in Maryland and make recommendations about how to improve the orphans' courts in Maryland; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before January 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Professional Land Surveyors - Surveying Practice - Definition and Licensing Exception. Description: Altering the definition of "practice land surveying" for purposes of certain provisions of law governing professional land surveyors; and exempting certain individuals who utilize measurement devices or systems, regardless of the technology or methods used, for the exclusive purpose of determining topography and contours and are certified by certain entities approved by the State Board for Professional Land Surveyors from certain licensing requirements.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Secure Maryland Wage Act. Description: Requiring that certain employees working at a heightened security interest location be paid a certain wage for certain time periods; requiring certain employers to pay certain covered employees a certain supplement benefit rate in a certain manner beginning January 1, 2026; declaring findings of the General Assembly with regard to the ability to attract and retain qualified employees to heightened security locations; specifying that certain provisions of the Act do not diminish certain collective bargaining rights; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health - Assent to and Certificates for Admission - Licensed Certified Social Worker-Clinical and Licensed Clinical Professional Counselor. Description: Altering a requirement that assent be given for the voluntary admission of a minor to certain facilities by providing that assent may be given by a physician and a licensed certified social worker-clinical or by a physician and a licensed clinical professional counselor; altering the requirement that a certificate for involuntary admission must be based on the personal examination of a physician and a licensed certified social worker-clinical or by a physician and a licensed clinical professional counselor; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cecil County - Board of Education - Member Terms and Compensation. Description: Increasing to three the number of terms a voting member of the Cecil County Board of Education may serve; requiring the County Council of Cecil County to set the amount of compensation for members of the county board; altering the minimum amount of compensation the president and other voting members of the county board are entitled to receive; and providing that the Act does not apply to the compensation of the president or other voting members of the county board during a certain term of office.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cecil County - Fishing - Restrictions. Description: Establishing that a certain riparian right of first refusal to set commercial fishing nets in certain waters of the Chesapeake Bay and a certain process through which another person may set commercial fishing nets in front of the property of the riparian property owner do not apply in Cecil County; prohibiting a person from placing nets or establishing a haul seine fishery to catch fish for commercial use in the waters of the Susquehanna River in Cecil County; and repealing certain fishing restrictions that apply in Cecil County.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Crimes on School Grounds - Exemptions. Description: Specifying that certain provisions of law prohibiting and penalizing certain behavior on the grounds or in the classes of institutions of elementary, secondary, or higher education do not apply to students who commit offenses at the institution they attend, students on exclusionary discipline who commit offenses at the institution they attend, or students who commit offenses while participating in or attending a sporting event or other extracurricular program sponsored by another institution.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Abuse and Neglect - Training of Health Care Professionals. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to provide certain boards that are authorized to take actions against persons who knowingly fail to report suspected child abuse with a list of  courses relating to the obligation to report child abuse and neglect and the identification of abused and neglected children; requiring certain boards to post certain information on each board's website, provide information about recommended courses to certain health care professionals, or advertise the availability of certain courses; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax – Subtraction Modification – Donations to Diaper Banks and Other Charitable Entities. Description: Allowing a subtraction under the Maryland income tax for up to $1,000 of donations of certain disposable diapers, certain hygiene products, and certain monetary gifts made by a taxpayer during the taxable year to certain qualified charitable entities; requiring the taxpayer to file certain information with the taxpayer's income tax return in order to claim the subtraction; requiring the Comptroller to adopt certain regulations and report to the General Assembly; and applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Bureau of Revenue Estimates - Tax Incidence Study - Scope and Intergovernmental Assistance. Description: Altering the scope of certain tax incidence studies submitted by the Bureau of Revenue Estimates; requiring certain governmental units involved in the implementation or administration of taxes and charges evaluated in the study to provide promptly to the Bureau any information requested by the Bureau and otherwise cooperate with the Bureau in order to assist the Bureau in preparing certain tax incidence studies; and applying the Act to studies submitted after September 30, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Special Education - Learning Continuity Plan - Requirement. Description: Requiring an individualized education program to include a learning continuity plan to be implemented for students with disabilities during emergency conditions beginning October 1, 2021; requiring an individualized education program team to develop a learning continuity plan; requiring, within 10 days after a determination that emergency conditions exist, a certain team to attempt to notify the parents or guardian of a certain child that a learning continuity plan is in place; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Special Education – Individualized Education Programs – Educational Evaluations. Description: Altering the circumstances under which a parent may request an independent educational evaluation of a child with a disability at public expense to include a parent who submits a certain request to a local school system and the local school system does not respond within 30 days after the date the request was made or, on approval and under certain circumstances, the educational evaluation meeting does not occur within 60 days after the date the request was received, or 90 days if the State is under a proclaimed state of emergency.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Coordinator for Autism Strategy and Advisory Stakeholder Group on Autism-Related Needs - Location and Funding. Description: Moving the State Coordinator for Autism Strategy to the Governor's Office of Community Initiatives; and requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill, for  fiscal year 2023 and each fiscal year thereafter, an appropriation to fund the position of State Coordinator for Autism Strategy and the Advisory Stakeholder Group on Autism-Related Needs.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Driver's Licenses, Learner's Instructional Permits, and Identification Cards - Applications and Renewals. Description: Authorizing the Motor Vehicle Administration to extend the period of time that an identification card remains effective by 90 days under certain circumstances; altering the documentation that applicants for a learner's permit who are under the age of 16 years are required to present to the Administration; altering the time period before expiration within which a driver's license is renewable; altering the standards for determining whether an individual is required to appear in person to renew the individual's driver's license; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Interstate Licensed Professional Counselors Compact. Description: Entering the Interstate Licensed Professional Counselors Compact; stating the purpose of the Compact; requiring that a state meet certain requirements to participate in the Compact; establishing duties of member states; authorizing a certain state to charge a certain fee for granting a certain privilege; requiring certain professional counselors to meet certain eligibility requirements to receive certain licensure and exercise a certain privilege; making the Act an emergency measure; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Certificates of Candidacy and Ballot Questions - Revisions. Description: Altering the deadlines by which a certificate of candidacy for a successor candidate for Governor or Lieutenant Governor must be filed under certain circumstances; altering the day by which a certain statement regarding certain statewide questions to appear on a ballot is required to be submitted to the State Board of Elections;  authorizing an individual to receive a copy of the complete text of all constitutional amendments and questions electronically; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Compensation to Individual Erroneously Convicted, Sentenced, and Confined (The Walter Lomax Act). Description: Altering a provision of law to require, rather than authorize, the Board of Public Works to pay certain compensation in a certain manner to an individual who has been erroneously convicted, sentenced, and subsequently confined for a felony on receipt of a certain order; authorizing an administrative law judge to issue an order that a certain individual is eligible for certain compensation and benefits from the State; authorizing an individual who has previously received compensation to request supplemental compensation; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts – Counsel Appearance Fees – Domestic Violence. Description: Prohibiting the clerk of a circuit court from collecting fees for docketing the appearance of a petitioner's or a respondent's counsel in certain domestic violence cases.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Early Voting Centers. Description: Altering the number of early voting centers counties are required to establish; clarifying the process by which one additional early voting center may be established in a county in excess of the number of required to be established; and requiring a local board of elections, in determining the location of centers, to take into account the accessibility of centers to historically disenfranchised communities, proximity to dense concentrations of voters, accessibility by public transportation, and equitable distribution of centers in the county.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Absentee Ballot Envelopes - Party Affiliation. Description: Prohibiting the form and content required to be prescribed by the State Board of Elections for an envelope enclosing an absentee ballot from including language or information that visibly identifies the party affiliation of the voter; prohibiting ballot/return and return envelopes for absentee ballots from including language or information that visibly identifies the party affiliation of the voter; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law – Child Custody and Visitation. Description: Requiring a court, in a custody or visitation proceeding, to deny custody or visitation rights to a certain party if the court has reasonable ground to believe that a child has been abused or neglected by the party, unless the court specifically finds that there is no likelihood of further child abuse or neglect by the party and states the reasons for the finding; authorizing the court to approve a supervised visitation arrangement under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax Credit - Food Donation Pilot Program - Extension. Description: Extending through December 31, 2023, the taxable years for which a qualified farm may claim a certain credit against the Maryland income tax for the donation of fresh farm products for human consumption; extending through December 31, 2023, the period of time during which the State Department of Agriculture may issue certain tax credit certificates; extending through December 31, 2024, the period of time for which the Secretary of Agriculture, in consultation with the Comptroller, shall submit a certain report; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Student-Organized Peaceful Demonstrations - Student Discipline and Policy. Description: Prohibiting a public school from prohibiting a student from engaging in a student-organized peaceful demonstration or imposing certain limits on a student's right to free speech, subject to certain limitations; prohibiting a public school from disciplining a student for engaging in a student-organized peaceful demonstration under certain circumstances; authorizing a public school to impose certain limitations on a student-organized peaceful demonstration under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Healing Hunting and Fishing Fund - No Cost Licenses and Stamps. Description: Authorizing an eligible sponsor organization providing recreational opportunities with grant funding from the Healing Hunting and Fishing Fund to provide at no cost an angler's license and trout stamps, a Chesapeake Bay and coastal sport fishing license, or a hunting license and any corresponding stamps to certain persons.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of Legislative Audits – Acceptance and Investigation of Allegations of Fraud, Waste, and Abuse. Description: Providing that, except under certain circumstances, information obtained by an employee or authorized representative of the Office of Legislative Audits during an examination or in relation to an act or allegation of fraud, waste, or abuse is confidential and may not be disclosed; requiring the Office to maintain a fraud hotline for reporting of certain allegations in the obligation, expenditure, receipt, or use of State resources; requiring each unit of State government to post a notice on reporting fraud, waste, and abuse; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Licensure of Certified Midwives Act. Description: Establishing a licensing and regulatory system for the practice of certified midwifery under the State Board of Nursing; requiring the Board to set standards for the practice of certified midwifery, maintain a list of all licensed certified midwives in the State, and set certain fees; altering the circumstances under which the Board shall require an applicant or a licensee to submit to a certain examination; requiring the Board to give certain persons a hearing before taking certain actions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Risk-Limiting Audits Workgroup. Description: Requiring the State Administrator of Elections to convene a Risk-Limiting Audits Workgroup to draft a plan to conduct a risk-limiting audit of certain contests after each statewide election and proposed legislation for consideration by the General Assembly to enact the plan; and requiring the Workgroup to submit the plan for risk-limiting audits and any legislative recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 17, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Postelection Procedures. Description: Altering the circumstances under which a certain petitioner for a recount is not liable for the costs of the recount; providing that certain provisions of the Act apply only to persons that accept public campaign financing under certain provisions of law; providing that a person may accept a donation or make a disbursement related to a contested election only under certain circumstances; requiring that certain unspent public contributions be repaid to a certain government entity; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Community Choice Energy - Pilot Program MC 17-21. Description: Applying certain laws regarding net energy metering and community solar generating systems to customers served by a community choice aggregator; altering the circumstances under which counties and municipal corporations may act as an aggregator; establishing the Community Choice Aggregator Pilot Program; establishing a process by which, beginning on December 31, 2023, a certain county may form a community choice aggregator; requiring a certain county to develop a plan and give notice of a certain aggregation plan; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City Community College - Procurement Authority. Description: Exempting Baltimore City Community College from certain provisions of the State procurement law; requiring the Board of Trustees of the College, subject to approval by the Board of Public Works and the Joint Committee on Administrative, Executive, and Legislative Review, to develop policies and procedures governing procurement; requiring the Board of Trustees to develop a certain information technology plan; requiring the Board of Public Works and the Board of Trustees of Baltimore City Community College to approve certain contracts; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Surveys - Revisions. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, in coordination with the Maryland Department of Health, to establish a process for the administration of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Youth Risk Behavior Survey/Youth Tobacco Survey to public middle school and high school students in the State; requiring the State Department of Education, in coordination with the Maryland Department of Health, to include in the survey at least five questions on adverse childhood experiences or positive childhood experiences; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Department of Education - Infant and Early Childhood Mental Health Consultation Project - Study and Report. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to perform a thorough study, analysis, and evaluation of the Infant and Early Childhood Mental Health Consultation Project; requiring that the Department evaluate Project services, capacity, and integration with existing programs; requiring that the Department report on progress toward completing certain recommendations; and requiring the Department to report its findings to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before January 1, 2022.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Partnership for Workforce Quality Program - Alterations. Description: Expanding the purpose of the Partnership for Workforce Quality Program and the eligible uses of the grant under the Program to include training for new employees.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange – State–Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program. Description: Requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to establish and implement a State-Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program to provide a means for young adults to reduce the amount they pay for health benefit plans in the individual health insurance market; requiring the establishment of certain subsidy eligibility and payment parameters for calendar years 2022 and 2023; authorizing the Exchange to designate not more than $20,000,000 for the Pilot Program in each of fiscal years 2022 through 2024; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Real Estate Investment Trusts – Miscellaneous. Description: Clarifying that the charter or bylaws of a corporation may require that any internal corporate claim be brought only in certain specified courts; repealing the authority of certain corporations to effect a certain reverse stock split; altering the manner in which a corporation may allow stockholders to participate in a certain meeting; authorizing a certain meeting of the stockholders to be held partially or solely by means of remote communication; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Residential Construction - Electric Vehicle Charging. Description: Requiring a builder of new housing units including single-family detached homes and townhomes or a builder's agent to provide each buyer or prospective buyer with the option to include on or in a garage, carport, or driveway an electric vehicle charging station or a dedicated electric line capable of providing at least level 2 charging; requiring a certain builder or builder's agent to give to certain buyers and prospective buyers notice of certain options and information about certain rebate programs; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission – Video and Audio Streaming and Archiving Meetings and Financial Assistance MC/PG 100–21. Description: Requiring the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission to stream live video or teleconference audio or other audio of the open meetings of the Commission; requiring the Commission to maintain on its website a complete and unedited archived recording of certain livestreamed open meetings; providing that the inability of the Commission to comply with certain requirements due to a certain technical issue does not affect the validity of actions taken by the Commission at a certain meeting under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Procurement – Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs – Small Business Reserve Program and Veteran–Owned Small Business Enterprise Program. Description: Providing that the Small Business Reserve Program includes certain veteran-owned small business enterprises that meet certain criteria; requiring the Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to adopt regulations to establish a certain overall percentage goal of certain procurement contracts to be made with veteran-owned small business enterprises; requiring certain solicitation documents to include certain information; altering the required contents of a certain annual report; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Sheriff - Salary. Description: Increasing the salary of the Sheriff of Carroll County to $125,000, from $110,000, beginning December 6, 2022, and to $140,000 beginning December 5, 2023, and thereafter; and providing that the Act does not apply to the salary of the incumbent Sheriff.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Alterations. Description: Repealing a requirement that a certain golf course have average daily receipts from the sale of food that exceed the average daily receipts from the sale of alcoholic beverages to be issued a certain Class B beer, wine, and liquor license by the Board of License Commissioners for Wicomico County; and authorizing the holder of a Class A beer, wine, and liquor license to sell alcoholic beverages on Sundays.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Aquaculture Coordinating Council - Application of Tidal Wetlands Permit Requirements to Aquaculture Operations - Study. Description: Requiring the Aquaculture Coordinating Council, in coordination with the Department of the Environment, to review policies regarding the application of State or tidal wetlands license and permit requirements to aquaculture operations; and requiring, by December 1, 2021, the Council and the Department to submit to the Governor and the General Assembly their findings and recommendations, including any proposed legislation, on changes necessary to eliminate conflicts or redundancies in the oversight of aquaculture operations in the State.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Waters of the State - Mobile Locator Application. Description: Requiring the Department of Natural Resources to develop a mobile locator application for use by an individual while on the waters of the State; providing the purpose of the mobile locater is to use interactive maps so an individual can determine their location, in real time, relative to certain leases, bars, and sanctuaries, and any other areas the Department deems relevant; and authorizing the Department to contract with a third party to develop the mobile locator application.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County – Party Central Committees – Republican Requirements. Description: Altering the manner in which the members of the Anne Arundel County Republican Party Central Committee are elected.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Taxes – Whistleblower Reward Program and Statute of Limitations for Tax Collections. Description: Establishing a certain whistleblower reward program within the Office of the Comptroller; providing that a certain whistleblower who voluntarily provides certain information to the Comptroller shall be entitled to receive a certain monetary award under certain circumstances; providing for the determination and allocation of the amount of an award if two or more whistleblowers are eligible for the award; providing that the determination of the amount of the award shall be solely in the discretion of the Comptroller; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force on Recycling Policy and Recycling and Waste Systems in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Recycling Policy and Recycling and Waste Systems in Maryland; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; prohibiting a member of the Task Force from receiving certain compensation, but authorizing the reimbursement of certain expenses; requiring the Task Force to study and make recommendations on how to update the Maryland Recycling Act; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before June 30, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Social Work Examiners - Revisions. Description: Requiring certain individuals employed by federal agencies to comply with certain provisions of law; establishing that an applicant to obtain a certified social worker license is required to meet certain requirements by December 31, 2023; altering the number of hours of certain supervision an applicant for a certified social worker-clinical license is required to complete; specifying that certain supervision is to be provided in accordance with regulations adopted by the State Board of Social Work Examiners; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: 2-1-1 Maryland - Mental Health Services Phone Call Program (The Thomas Bloom Raskin Act). Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in consultation with 2-1-1 Maryland, to make certain recommendations relating to the establishment of an opt-in mental health services phone call program that would require a center to call individuals who have opted into the mental health services phone call program on a periodic basis and attempt to connect individuals to a provider of mental health services under certain circumstances; authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation to carry out the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary’s County – Alcoholic Beverages Licenses – Annual Fees. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for St. Mary's County, for the 2021-2022 licensing period, to waive the entire amount of the annual fee for certain alcoholic beverages licenses under certain circumstances; and terminating the Act on June 30, 2023.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Agricultural Land Transfer Tax – Application of Nonagricultural Use Reduction and Exemption. Description: Clarifying that certain provisions of law concerning the method of calculating a certain reduction in the State agricultural land transfer tax apply to a transfer under a contract of sale dated on or after July 1, 2019; clarifying that a certain exemption from the State agricultural land transfer tax applies to a transfer under a contract of sale dated on or after July 1, 2019; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: County Boards of Education - Specialty Courses - Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring each county board of education, beginning in the 2023-2024 school year, to submit a report on or before April 30 each year to the State Board of Education and the General Assembly on specialty courses offered in public schools in the county in the prior school year; requiring each county board to include certain information about the specialty courses offered in each public school in the county in the report and to post certain data conspicuously on its website; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cooperative Housing Corporations - Dispute Settlement and Eviction Procedures. Description: Specifying that a certain dispute settlement mechanism does not apply to complaints or demands arising out of a cooperative housing member's failure to pay certain assessments; repealing a requirement that the governing body of a cooperative housing corporation hold a hearing on a certain alleged violation under certain circumstances; requiring the governing body of a cooperative housing corporation to give certain notice of a member's right to request a hearing on a certain alleged violation under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property – Condominiums and Homeowners Associations – Dispute Settlement. Description: Altering the procedures a council of unit owners or a board of directors of a condominium shall take before a penalty for a violation of the rules of the condominium can be imposed on an alleged violator; altering the procedures a council of unit owners or a board of directors shall take if an alleged violator does not comply with a certain written demand to cease and desist in a certain period of time; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Small Business Financing – Loan Loss Reserve (Maryland Capital Access Program). Description: Establishing a Capital Access Program in the Department of Commerce for the purpose of stimulating opportunities for small businesses that may have difficulty in obtaining business financing to have access to credit by establishing a loan loss reserve program; specifying that certain loans qualify under the Program; requiring a lender to enroll a qualifying loan not more than 30 days after the date of the first disbursement; authorizing a lender to enroll all or a portion of a qualifying loan in an amount not more than $250,000; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Food System Resiliency Council. Description: Establishing the Maryland Food System Resiliency Council; providing that the goals of the Council are to address the food insecurity crisis in the State due to the pandemic, develop recommendations to increase the long-term resiliency of the food system, and develop by November 1, 2021, a plan to increase the production and procurement of Maryland certified food; requiring the Council to submit an interim report by November 1, 2021, and recommendations on a statewide food policy council to the General Assembly by November 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Utilities – Electric School Bus Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the electric school bus pilot program to be implemented and administered by the Public Service Commission; authorizing investor-owned electric companies to apply to the Commission to implement a pilot program that meets certain standards; requiring a participating school system to consider criteria that benefit students who are eligible to receive free and reduced-price meals; authorizing certain electric companies to recover reasonable program costs subject to the approval of the Commission; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 45th District - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B-D-7 License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a Class B-D-7 license in the 4800 block of Harford Road in the 45th alcoholic beverages district if the applicant meets certain requirements.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Department of Assessments and Taxation – Lists of Business Entities Not Filing Annual Report. Description: Limiting, in certain circumstances, the business entities required to be included on certain lists certified by the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to those entities that did not file a certain report during the prior year.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Somerset County - Natural Resources - Sunday Hunting. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person in Somerset County to hunt on private property on each Sunday of the game bird or game mammal seasons; and establishing an exception to the prohibition against the Department authorizing Sunday hunting on public land for public land in Somerset County leased to a hunt club.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electric Companies - Billing Information. Description: Requiring an electric company to provide to a retail electricity customer on request the historic usage and billing information for not less than the preceding 12 months; and providing that the electric company must make the information available, as requested by the customer, either on the company's website, electronically to the customer in a PDF format, or sent to the customer's billing address.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Fiduciary Insurance. Description: Authorizing the State to purchase a certain insurance policy to satisfy a bond requirement to protect certain losses of State Retirement and Pension System assets.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Small Claims - Examination in Aid of Enforcement - Prohibition on Arrest or Incarceration for Failure to Appear. Description: Prohibiting an individual from being arrested or incarcerated for failure to respond to certain orders to appear in court relating to an examination in aid of enforcement of a money judgment entered in a small claim action in the District Court; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Medical Records - Fees. Description: Prohibiting a health care provider or a representative of the health care provider from charging a fee for providing copies of a medical record requested by a certain person and that will be used for the purpose of filing a claim regarding or appealing a denial of Social Security Disability income or Social Security benefits under Title II or Title XVI of the Social Security Act.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education – Maryland Corps Program Fund – COVID–19 Emergency Funding Priorities. Description: Requiring, in fiscal years 2022 and 2023, the Board of Directors of the Maryland Corps Program to give priority to, when awarding Program funds, certain Program participants who serve with certain nonprofit corporations or government agencies that provide certain COVID-19 related services; and providing that if certain funding becomes available from the federal government it is the intent of the General Assembly that the funding be deposited in the Maryland Corps Program Fund.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Tax Sales - Homeowner Protection Program. Description: Establishing the Homeowner Protection Program in the Department of Assessments and Taxation for the purpose of diverting vulnerable homeowners from the private tax lien sale process into an alternative program with the intent of minimizing tax collection costs to owners, assisting owners to pay their taxes, and allowing owners to remain in their homes; establishing the Homeowner Protection Fund consisting of tax and interest payments made by homeowners and a $750,000 appropriation to the Fund in Fiscal years 2023 to 2025; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Small, Minority, and Women–Owned Businesses Account – Alterations. Description: Expanding the eligible uses of the Small, Minority, and Women-Owned Businesses Account to include the provision of certain grants and the conversion of certain loan amounts into grants in areas declared to be federal disaster areas or subject to a federal or State declaration of emergency; limiting to $50,000 the amount of certain grants and loan amounts converted to grants that may be provided to a single business; and limiting to $10,000,000 the aggregate total of certain financial assistance that may be provided in a fiscal year.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center - Inclusion of Child Welfare Data and Governing Board. Description: Including child welfare data in the data collected, organized, managed, disaggregated, and analyzed by the Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center; requiring the Center to conduct research on the educational and economic impact of child welfare programs; requiring the Center to develop a data dashboard that is published annually on the Center's website on students who are dually enrolled; requiring the Center to publish on its website an easy-to-understand graphic data dashboard on former children in out-of-home placements; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Life-Threatening Injury Involving a Motor Vehicle or Vessel - Criminal Negligence (Wade's Law). Description: Prohibiting a person from causing a life-threatening injury to another as a result of the person's driving, operating, or controlling a motor vehicle or vessel in a criminally negligent manner; exempting certain conduct that results in a life-threatening injury to another; and establishing a penalty of imprisonment not exceeding 1 year or a fine not exceeding $5,000 or both for a violation of the Act.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Gas – Strategic Infrastructure Development and Enhancement – Surcharge and Plans. Description: Providing for the inclusion of certain project costs under the Strategic Infrastructure Development and Enhancement Program in certain gas company base rates during a multiyear rate plan; and providing for the continuation of a certain surcharge for eligible future infrastructure project costs not included in base rates.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Planning – Preservation of Agricultural Land – Goal. Description: Establishing a State goal of preserving a total of 1,030,000 acres of productive agricultural land by 2030 through the Maryland Agricultural Land Preservation Foundation, the Maryland GreenPrint Program, the Rural Legacy Program, the Maryland Environmental Trust, the Next Generation Farmland Acquisition Program, and local land preservation programs; and declaring the intent of the General Assembly.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Landlord and Tenant - Reusable Tenant Screening Reports. Description: Requiring that a reusable tenant screening report contain certain information regarding a prospective tenant of residential property; requiring a landlord to provide certain notice to prospective tenants regarding whether or not the landlord accepts reusable tenant screening reports; prohibiting a landlord that accepts a reusable tenant screening report from assessing certain fees; authorizing a landlord to require a prospective tenant to make a certain certification; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary’s County and Metropolitan Commission – Debt Limitations. Description: Increasing in St. Mary's County the aggregate amount of bonds and other evidences of indebtedness outstanding from 2.15% to 3.15% of certain assessable real property in the County; requiring an amount equal to at least 40% of a certain percent limitation to be available to the St. Mary's Metropolitan Commission for certain bonds or other evidences of indebtedness; altering the total amount of debt the St. Mary's County Metropolitan Commission may incur from 25% to 2% of the total value of certain property within certain districts; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Military Retirement Income. Description: Allowing a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for the first $20,000 of military retirement income received by an individual during the taxable year if the individual has received a determination of a 100% service-connected disability from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs; and applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Historic Revitalization Tax Credit – Small Commercial Projects – Alterations. Description: Increasing from $4,000,000 to $5,000,000 the maximum aggregate amount of initial tax credit certificates that the Director of the Maryland Historic Trust may issue for certain small commercial projects.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore Regional Neighborhood Initiative Program Fund. Description: Extending the requirement to provide an annual appropriation of $12,000,000 in the State budget for the Baltimore Regional Neighborhood Initiative Program Fund for fiscal year 2020 and to each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland General and Limited Power of Attorney Act – Assistance With Governmental Benefits and Programs. Description: Altering statutory forms for a limited and general power of attorney to include certain provisions relating to the authority of an agent to perform certain acts to assist the principal in meeting eligibility requirements and qualifying for certain governmental benefits or programs; altering a certain provision in a certain statutory form for a limited power of attorney relating to the authority of an agent to make a gift of part or all of a principal's property or to take certain action with respect to certain trusts; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consolidation of the Procurement Improvement Council and the Council for the Procurement of Health, Educational, and Social Services. Description: Merging the Procurement Improvement Council and the Council for the Procurement of Health, Educational, and Social Services; requiring, by December 31, 2022, the Procurement Improvement Council to make recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly on strategies and enforcement mechanisms to improve compliance by entities required to publish notices of procurements and awards of procurement on eMaryland Marketplace; declaring the intent of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sheila E. Hixson Behavioral Health Services Matching Grant Program for Service Members and Veterans - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Sheila E. Hixson Behavioral Health Services Matching Grant Program for Service Members and Veterans to provide funds to local nonprofit organizations to establish and expand community behavioral health programs to serve members, veterans, and their families; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to administer the Program and to establish a statewide system to assess the services provided by the nonprofit organizations; authorizing the Governor to provide $2,500,000 in the annual budget bill for the Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board for Certification of Residential Child Care Program Professionals – Certification – Revisions. Description: Requiring the State Board for Certification of Residential Child Care Program Professionals to maintain an electronic roster of all individuals certified by the Board; requiring that the roster be available for electronic verification of certification through the Board's website; authorizing certain individuals to contact the Board to verify a certificate; and repealing a certain requirement that a certain renewal notice sent by the Board contain certain information.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Electricity - Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard - Qualifying Biomass. Description: Altering the definition of "qualifying biomass" for purposes of excluding energy derived from certain material from being eligible for meeting certain Tier 1 obligations under the renewable energy portfolio standard; providing that existing obligations or contract rights may not be impaired by the Act; and applying the Act to all renewable energy portfolio standard compliance years beginning January 1, 2022, or later.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workgroup on Adaptive Reuse of Vacant Commercial Spaces. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Adaptive Reuse of Vacant Commercial Spaces to study the potential for conversion of vacant or underutilized commercial spaces into residential, mix-use, and commercial spaces in order to increase the affordable housing stock in the State; requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before November 30, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Bay Restoration Fund - County Authority to Incur Indebtedness. Description: Authorizing a county to borrow money and incur indebtedness through the issuance and sale of notes in anticipation of the receipt of the county's allocation of funds from a certain separate account of the Bay Restoration Fund; authorizing a county to expend the net proceeds of the sale of a certain issue of notes only to make certain grants and loans or to refund one or more issues of notes; authorizing the principal of certain notes and the interest on certain notes to be paid from certain sources; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cybersecurity Coordination and Operations - Maryland Cybersecurity Council Study and Report. Description: Requiring the Maryland Cybersecurity Council to conduct a certain study on cybersecurity coordination and operations in the State and develop a comprehensive cybersecurity coordination and response structure and plan for the State based on the findings from the study; and requiring the Council to submit its findings and recommendations to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Annual Fees. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Allegany County, for the 2020-2021 licensing period, to reimburse holders of certain alcoholic beverages licenses the entire amount of the annual license fee and to reimburse holders of certain other alcoholic beverages licenses a certain amount of the annual license fee for the 2021-2022 licensing period; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health Facilities - Sexual Abuse and Harassment - Reporting and Prevention. Description: Requiring residential treatment facilities to report complaints of sexual abuse and sexual harassment within 24 hours of receiving the complaint to the Behavioral Health Administration, the Office of Health Care Quality, or in the case of a minor, to Child Protective Services; requiring the Office and the Administration to develop and implement a certain reporting system; requiring facilities to develop and implement policies and procedures for responding to complaints of sexual abuse and harassment; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup to Study Partial Expungement. Description: Altering the name of the Partial Expungement Workgroup to be the Workgroup to Study Partial Expungement; requiring the Workgroup to study and develop a plan and legislative recommendations for enabling the expungement of criminal charges that are currently not eligible for expungement because of the requirements of § 10-107 of the Criminal Procedure Article; requiring the Workgroup to submit a report on its recommendations to the General Assembly on or before January 5, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B-D Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Establishing a Class B-D beer, wine, and liquor license in Allegany County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Allegany County to issue a Class B-D license for use by a certain restaurant; authorizing a license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor for 
on-premises consumption; requiring the license holder to submit a certain Food Alcohol Ratio Report to the Board once every licensing cycle; providing an annual licensing fee of $700; prohibiting the issuance of more than two Class B-D licenses in a single year; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on the Economic Future of Western Maryland - Extension of Report Deadline and Task Force. Description: Extending the deadline for the reporting requirement for the Task Force on the Economic Future of Western Maryland to October 1, 2021; and extending the termination date for the Task Force.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts of Appeals and Special Appeals – Renaming. Description: Proposing an amendment to the Maryland Constitution to change the name of the Court of Appeals to be the Supreme Court of Maryland, to change the name of the Court of Special Appeals to be the Appellate Court of Maryland, to change the name of a Judge of the Court of Appeals to be a Justice of the Supreme Court of Maryland, and to change the name of the Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals to be the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Maryland; submitting the amendment to the qualified voters of the State for their adoption or rejection; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Debt – Annuity Bond Fund – Use of Bond Premiums. Description: Expanding the authorized use of certain premiums transferred to the Annuity Bond Fund from the sale of State bonds to include paying for capital projects and, if necessary or appropriate from time to time to comply with the requirements of the Internal Revenue Code, any other use authorized by the Internal Revenue Code.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law - Marriage - Licenses and Records. Description: Altering certain designations on a marriage license and certificate;  and authorizing the clerk of the circuit court to maintain a certain electronic record as an alternative to the requirement that the clerk keep a certain marriage license book.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Hunger-Free Campus Grant Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Hunger-Free Campus Grant Program to address student hunger and basic food needs on campus; requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to administer the Program, develop a certain form, and designate certain campuses as hunger-free campuses; authorizing certain public institutions of higher education to develop certain procedures and make certain information publicly available; requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2023, to include in the annual budget bill a $150,000 appropriation for the Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development – Maryland Technology Infrastructure Pilot Program – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Technology Infrastructure Pilot Program in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to support and incentivize advanced industry infrastructure and resources that build on the existing strengths of the Western Maryland economy; establishing the Maryland Technology Infrastructure authority; establishing the Maryland Technology Infrastructure Fund to award financial assistance to public and private entities to support projects in Western Maryland; requiring a certain report; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Civil Jury Trials - Amount in Controversy. Description: Increasing from $15,000 to $25,000 the maximum amount in controversy in a civil action in which a party may not demand a jury trial; providing for the construction and prospective application of the Act; and making the Act contingent on the passage and ratification of a certain constitutional amendment.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Hotel Tax Alterations - Distribution of Revenue. Description: Requiring 3% of the hotel tax revenue generated in the City of Annapolis to be distributed to a special fund to be used only to fund the Annapolis Art in Public Places Commission; requiring 3% of the hotel tax revenue generated in the City of Annapolis to be distributed to a certain fund for housing assistance payments; requiring the Commission to report by November 1 each year on its use of the hotel tax revenue during the preceding fiscal year to the Mayor and the City Council and to certain committees of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional Amendment - Civil Jury Trials. Description: Increasing the amount in controversy in civil proceedings in which the right to a jury trial may be limited by legislation from more than $15,000 to more than $25,000; and submitting the amendment to the qualified voters of the State for their adoption or rejection.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Workforce Development Sequence Scholarships - Eligibility. Description: Altering the definition of "eligible student" to provide that students who are enrolled directly in a registered apprenticeship program that partners with a public community college in the State are eligible for Workforce Development Sequence Scholarships.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Study on System Reforms. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor, in consultation with the Department of Legislative Services, to conduct a study regarding reforms to the State's unemployment insurance system; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to report monthly to the Department of Legislative Services and the Joint Committee on Unemployment Insurance Oversight on the status of the study, to consult with other stakeholders, and to consider any report of the National Academy of Social Insurance Unemployment Insurance Task Force of 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Employer Contributions and Reimbursement Payments. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Labor to offer to employing units for certain calendar years a variety of payment plan options that spread certain contribution due dates through the end of August; requiring the Secretary to offer a variety of additional payment plan options; authorizing certain employing units to elect to delay submitting certain contributions for certain calendar quarters; altering the nonprofit organizations and governmental entities that may elect to defer payment of reimbursement bills for calendar year 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workgroup on Black, Latino, Asian American Pacific Islander, and Other Underrepresented Behavioral Health Professionals. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Black, Latino, Asian American Pacific Islander, and Other Underrepresented Behavioral Health Professionals;  requiring the Workgroup to study and make recommendations regarding certain behavioral health professionals and certain students who are Black, Latino, Asian American Pacific Islander or otherwise underrepresented in the behavioral health profession; authorizing the Workgroup to establish a certain subgroup to assist the Workgroup; requiring the workgroup to report its findings by July 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Insurance Commissioner - Specialty Mental Health Services and Payment of Claims - Enforcement. Description: Requiring the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to enforce a certain provision of law providing that the provisions of § 15-1005 of the Insurance Article apply to a certain delivery system for specialty mental health services and administered by an administrative services organization; requiring a certain administrative services organization to pay certain interest to certain persons under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - COVID-19-Related Death Benefits - Clarification. Description: Clarifying the eligibility of certain members of the State Retirement and Pension System for certain death benefits when COVID-19 caused or contributed to the death of a member; requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to accept the death of a member as arising out of or in the course of the actual performance of duty under certain circumstances; requiring the Board, under certain circumstances, to discontinue payment of a certain allowance and begin payment of a certain special death benefit allowance; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Care Providers - Notice of Allegations of Child Abuse or Neglect (Aiden's Law). Description: Requiring the designee of the State Superintendent of Schools, on receipt of a certain notification of a certain allegation of child abuse or neglect, to ensure that a certain notice is provided; requiring a certain family child care provider or child care center to provide a certain notice to certain parents and guardians within 24 hours after first having knowledge of a certain report or incident of suspected child abuse or neglect; prohibiting a person from providing the notice under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health – Chief Medical Examiner – Autopsy Findings and Conclusions. Description: Clarifying the circumstances under which a person in interest may appeal to the Secretary of Health the denial by the Chief Medical Examiner to correct certain findings and conclusions recorded on a certificate of death; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by October 1, 2024, on the number of appeals made to the Secretary when the Chief Medical Examiner denied a request to correct findings and conclusions on the cause and manner of death after October 1, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Lottery Fund - Maryland Humanities Council - Funding. Description: Repealing a requirement that the Comptroller pay an annual grant from the Racing Special Fund to the Maryland Humanities Council; requiring the Comptroller, in each fiscal year, to pay $1,000,000 from the State Lottery Fund into the Michael Erin Busch Sports Fund; and requiring the Comptroller to pay a grant of $150,000 from the State Lottery Fund to the Maryland Humanities Council for Maryland History Day and other programming in each fiscal year.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Gaming - Regulation of Fantasy Gaming Competitions and Implementation of Sports Wagering - Supplementary Appropriation. Description: Authorizing sports wagering license holders to accept wagers on sporting events by certain methods and in certain locations; requiring certain fantasy competition operators to register with the State Lottery and Gaming Control Commission before offering fantasy competition or services; authorizing the Commission to impose a fee for the registration of an operator; establishing the Small, Minority-Owned, and Women-Owned Business Sports Wagering Assistance Fund to assist certain businesses entering the sports wagering market; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Speed Limits - Establishment and Enforcement. Description: Authorizing Baltimore City to decrease or raise to a previously established level the maximum speed limit on a highway under its jurisdiction without performing an engineering and traffic study; and prohibiting a local jurisdiction from implementing a new speed monitoring system to enforce speed limits on any portion of a highway for which the speed limit has been decreased without performing an engineering and traffic investigation.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Community Development Administration – Live Near Your School Program – Establishment. Description: Authorizing the Community Development Administration in the Department of Housing and Community Development to administer a home buyer assistance program that assists current students and recent graduates of public institutions of higher education to receive certain low-interest mortgages for the purchase of homes near their schools;  authorizing the Administration to administer community development projects known as the Live Near Your School program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Growing Family Child Care Opportunities Pilot Program – Established. Description: Establishing the Growing Family Child Care Opportunities Pilot Program in the Department of Education; authorizing the Department to provide grants to local jurisdictions or child care licensing regions to increase the supply and ensure the sustainability of family child care providers in areas with above average rates of poverty and unemployment; requiring the Department to report to the General Assembly by December 1, 2021, and each year thereafter, on the status of the program and an evaluation of local pilot programs; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Critical Medical Needs Program - Application for Assistance. Description: Requiring the Office of Home Energy Programs to allow 90 days after applying for assistance for an individual to provide certain medical certification when a critical medically vulnerable individual applies for assistance from the Critical Medical Needs Program if the applicant is at least 60 years old and assisted by a navigator.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Driving in Right–Hand Lanes – Interstate Highways in Rural Areas. Description: Requiring the driver of a vehicle traveling slower than the general speed of traffic on interstate highways located in rural areas to drive the vehicle in the right-hand lanes; requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to include certain information in the State's driver education curriculum; requiring the State Highway Administration to inform drivers of certain requirements by posting certain signage and providing certain notice; prohibiting the issuance of a citation for a violation of the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Speed Monitoring Systems - Interstate 83. Description: Authorizing the placement and use of not more than two speed monitoring systems on Interstate 83 in Baltimore City; requiring that fines collected as a result of violations enforced by the speed monitoring systems be used to assist in covering the cost of roadway improvements on Interstate 83 in Baltimore City; requiring a warning notice be mailed instead of a citation for a violation recorded by the system during the first 90 days of operation; requiring certain signage and a real-time display of a driver's traveling speed; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Home Energy Assistance - Critical Medical Needs Program - Power to the People Pilot Program. Description: Requiring the Office of Home Energy Programs, in coordination with the United Way of Central Maryland and the Fuel Fund of Maryland, to establish the Power to the People Pilot Program on or before July 1, 2022, to expand access to the Critical Medical Needs Program; requiring the Pilot Program to provide training for certain individuals to serve as navigators under the Critical Medical Needs Program; requiring the United Way of Central Maryland to develop a certain screening intake process; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact. Description: Entering into the Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact; stating the purpose of the Compact is to regulate the practice of telepsychology across state boundaries; establishing certain criteria and duties for compact states; requiring certain psychologists to hold a certain license from a home state and meet certain eligibility requirements to exercise certain authority to practice interjurisdictional telepsychology and certain temporary authority to practice in-person, face-to-face psychology in certain compact states; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Talbot County Speed Monitoring Systems. Description: Authorizing the placement and use of not more than one speed monitoring system at the intersection of Maryland Route 333 (Oxford Road) and Bonfield Avenue in Talbot County, subject to certain placement and signage requirements; requiring the fines collected by the Town of Oxford as a result of certain violations be used to assist in covering the cost of roadway and pedestrian safety improvements at a certain intersection; requiring a certain real-time display of a drivers traveling speed at a certain intersection; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Estate - Workgroup to Study Real Estate Trust Money Distribution. Description: Establishing the Workgroup to Study Real Estate Trust Money Distribution; providing for the membership, composition, chair and staffing of the Workgroup; requiring the workgroup to study certain issues including the timely disposition of deposit money when a dispute arises between buyer and seller; and requiring the Workgroup to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2021, recommendations for any legislation needed to clarify the manner in which  real estate trust money is distributed.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Sanctions and Sunday Off-Sale Permits PG 317-21. Description: Altering the alcoholic beverages licenses for which the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County may issue a Sunday off-sale permit; authorizing the Board to issue a Sunday off-sale permit to the holder of any Class A alcoholic beverages license, or to the holder of any Class B alcoholic beverages license with an off-sale privilege; altering a certain reinvestment requirement for an applicant for a Sunday off-sale permit; requiring the Board, by January 1, 2023, to conduct a study of Sunday off-sale permits; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Public Safety and Behavioral Health Surcharges - Behavioral Health Programs PG 414-21. Description: Renaming the Public Safety Surcharge in Prince George's County imposed for certain residential construction to be the Public Safety and Behavioral Health Surcharge; and providing for an exemption to the public safety and behavioral health surcharge.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - BLX License PG 318-21. Description: Providing that the requirement to obtain a certain entertainment permit does not apply to the holder of a certain license under certain circumstances; authorizing a certain license holder to offer entertainment when persons under the age of 21 years are on the licensed premises if the license holder enters into a certain agreement with certain persons and the lease of the property on which the licensed premises is located contains certain provisions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Public Ethics - Payments and Transfer and Zone Intensification Requests PG 416-21. Description: Exempting a member of the Prince George's County Council from the prohibition against voting or participating in a proceeding regarding a countywide zoning map amendment under certain circumstances; providing for the application of certain provisions of the Act; prohibiting the Prince George's County Planning Board from recommending, and the District Council in Prince George's County from approving, a certain request in adopting and approving a countywide zoning map amendment, subject to a certain exception; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Tax Sales - Limited Auction PG 413-21. Description: Altering the types of properties for which the tax collector in Prince George's County shall conduct a limited auction for property subject to tax liens to property that is a vacant lot or cited as vacant and unfit for habitation; altering eligibility requirements for certain individuals to submit bids in a certain limited auction; and providing that any payments received for a certain tax sale certificate that is void under certain circumstances shall be applied to any taxes on the property that are in arrears.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Nursing Homes - COVID-19 and Other Catastrophic Health Emergencies - Visitation (The Gloria Daytz Lewis Act). Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to develop certain guidelines relating to the restrictions on personal and compassionate care visitation that a nursing home may impose to reduce the spread of COVID-19 or another disease that constitutes a catastrophic health emergency; declaring that it is the intent of the General Assembly that during a catastrophic health emergency visitation in nursing homes be prioritized to balance the physical needs of the residents with the mental and spiritual needs of the residents; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Comprehensive Technical Assistance Program – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Comprehensive Technical Assistance Program in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to provide comprehensive technical assistance to any business that qualifies for certain financial assistance; requiring the Program to include certain types of technical assistance; requiring the Corporation to include a detailed description of the implementation of the program in its  annual report to the Governor and the General Assembly; and requiring the Corporation to adopt regulations to carry out the Program.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety – 9–1–1 Emergency Telephone System – Alterations. Description: Requiring that certain providers of a 9-1-1-accessible service provide certain notice to a certain public safety answering point, the Maryland Joint Operations Center, and the Maryland 9-1-1 Board in the event of a 9-1-1-accessible service outage lasting more than 30 minutes and affecting more than 600,000 user minutes; requiring the Commission to Advance Next Generation 9-1-1 Across Maryland to report to the General Assembly certain demographic, employment, and training information regarding 9-1-1 specialists by December 31, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Emergency Management – Establishment and Transfer of Maryland 9–1–1 Board. Description: Renaming the Maryland Emergency Management Agency to be the Maryland Department of Emergency Management; establishing the Department as a principal department of the Executive Branch of State government; providing that the head of the Department is the Secretary of Emergency Management; requiring the Secretary to be appointed by the Governor with the advice and consent of the Senate; transferring the Maryland 9-1-1 Board from the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to the Department; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tree Solutions Now Act of 2021. Description: Establishing the use of qualified conservation in a forest mitigation bank of all or a part of certain existing forests as a standard for meeting certain afforestation or reforestation requirements; altering the defined term "forest mitigation banking" to include the qualified conservation of forests; requiring the Harry R. Hughes Center for Agro-Ecology, in consultation with certain entities, to conduct a certain technical study; establishing the Urban Trees Program to be administered by the Chesapeake Bay Trust; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Maryland Environmental Trust - Trustees. Description: Altering the manner in which certain trustees are chosen to serve on the board of the Maryland Environmental Trust by requiring certain ex officio members of the Trust to appoint the remaining trustees; and repealing the number of trustees that constitute a quorum.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Guardian of Property of Minor or Disabled Person - Prohibition on Distribution or Disbursement. Description: Prohibiting a guardian of the property of a minor or disabled person from distributing or disbursing property of the minor or disabled person without court authorization or confirmation if the guardian is not a family member of the minor or disabled person under certain circumstances; providing that, if a guardian of the property violates the Act, the guardian is liable for breach of the guardian's fiduciary duty to certain persons to the same extent as a trustee of an express trust; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment - Insurance Revisions and Special Enrollment Period for Health Benefits. Description: Requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to open a special or other enrollment period for an individual who consents to share information through a certain system; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to begin implementing a system, by September 1, 2021, through which an individual who has filed a claim for benefits  may consent to the sharing of relevant information by the Department with the Exchange and the Maryland Department of Health to determine whether the individual qualifies for free or low-cost insurance; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Commissioner of Financial Regulation - Credit Union Power. Description: Altering the process by and circumstances under which a credit union may engage in any additional activity, service, or other practice that is authorized for federal credit unions; requiring a credit union to provide written notice to the Commissioner of Financial Regulation at least 45 calendar days before engaging in any additional activity, service, or other practice; authorizing the Commissioner to prohibit a credit union from engaging in any additional activity, service, or other practice under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard and Geothermal Heating and Cooling Systems. Description: Altering the renewable energy portfolio standard in certain years to require a certain percentage of energy from Tier 1 renewable sources each year to be derived from certain geothermal heating and cooling systems; requiring a certain percentage of energy required to be derived from certain geothermal heating and cooling systems to be from systems installed on certain property; altering the methods for calculating certain energy savings; providing for the regulation and enforcement of certain requirements by the Department of Labor; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Failure to Pay Rent Proceedings – Sealing of Court Records. Description: Prohibiting a landlord from increasing a tenant's rent solely because a judgment was entered against the tenant in a certain failure to pay rent action; requiring the District Court to seal court records within 60 days after the final resolution of a failure to pay rent proceeding if the proceeding does not result in a judgment of possession and no appeal is pending; authorizing certain sealed records to be opened under certain circumstances; authorizing a tenant to obtain a copy of a certain order in a certain manner; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Payment in Lieu of Taxes Agreements - Low-Income Housing PG 415-21. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Prince George's County to enter into an agreement with an owner of real property who is engaged in constructing or operating housing structures or projects for the payment of a negotiated amount in lieu of county property taxes on the property; requiring property that is subject to a payment in lieu of taxes agreement to be used for a housing structure or project that is acquired, constructed, or rehabilitated under certain programs or acquired under a Right of First Refusal program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: General Provisions – Standard Time – Year–Round Daylight Saving Time. Description: Altering the standard time in the State to be Eastern Daylight Time year-round; and making the Act subject to a certain contingency.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Annual Fees. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Calvert County, for the 2020-2021 licensing period, to reimburse holders of certain alcoholic beverages licenses the entire amount of the annual license fee.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax Credit for Venison Donation - Reporting Requirement and Testing for Chronic Wasting Disease. Description: Requiring certain venison donation programs to report the name and home address of each donor who intended to claim the income tax credit and the number of deer donated by each donor who intended to claim the income tax credit to the Comptroller by January 31 each year; requiring the Department of Natural Resources to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 31, 2021, on the testing of deer brought to deer processors for chronic wasting disease; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County – Alcoholic Beverages – Class 4 Limited Winery License. Description: Exempting a holder of a Class 4 limited winery license from a certain restriction on interactions with retailers in Charles County; and authorizing a holder of a Class 4 limited winery license to have a financial interest in a certain other license in Charles County.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - State Designated Exchange - Clinical Information. Description: Requiring a nursing home, on request by the Maryland Department of Health, to electronically submit clinical information to the State designated exchange to facilitate certain objectives; providing that information submitted under the Act may be combined with other data maintained by the exchange to facilitate a state health improvement program, mitigate a public health emergency, and improve patient safety; providing that information submitted by a nursing home may be used only to facilitate certain objectives; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property – Condominiums, Homeowners Associations, and Cooperative Housing Corporations – Virtual Meetings. Description: Authorizing the governing body of a condominium, homeowners association, or cooperative housing corporation, notwithstanding language contained in the governing documents of the Corporation, to authorize certain meetings to be conducted or attended by certain electronic means; authorizing certain individuals who attend a meeting by certain electronic means to be deemed present for quorum and voting purposes; authorizing certain matters to be set for a vote at a certain virtual meeting under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Baltimore City - Control of the Police Department of Baltimore City. Description: Providing that the Police Department of Baltimore City is an agency and instrumentality of the City of Baltimore, instead of the State; providing that certain police officers have the authority conferred under a certain provision of law; establishing an Advisory Board on the Transfer of Control of the Police Department of Baltimore City;  declaring the intent of the General Assembly that transfer of the Baltimore City Police Department will not remove certain collective bargaining rights of Baltimore City police officers; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Dental Examiners – Membership – Nomination and Appointment Process. Description: Repealing a provision of law that requires the Governor to appoint certain members of the State Board of Dental Examiners from a list of names submitted to the Governor by the Board; requiring the Governor to appoint certain members of the Board from a list of qualified individuals submitted by certain organizations and certain petitions submitted to the Secretary of Health and the Governor; repealing a requirement that a certain number of names be submitted for a certain vacancy on the Board; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Office of Health Care Quality – Influenza Virus Immunization Education and Information – Assisted Living Facilities. Description: Requiring the Office of Health Care Quality to monitor the compliance of assisted living facilities with requirements to provide educational and informational materials relating to immunization against influenza virus and immunization against pneumococcal disease during a certain annual inspection.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prescription Drug Affordability Board - Plan of Action - Repeal of Date for Submission. Description: Repealing the date by which the Prescription Drug Affordability Board is required to submit a certain plan of action regarding the establishment of a process for setting the upper payment limits for certain prescription drug products to the Legislative Policy Committee of the General Assembly.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations – State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners – Revisions. Description: Altering a certain requirement for certain State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners members who are licensed massage therapists; altering the education requirements for applicants to qualify for a certain license or registration by requiring that certain curriculums and programs be endorsed by the Commission on Massage Therapy or a certain equivalent entity; requiring the Criminal Justice Information System Central Repository to provide the Board with a certain revised statement under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Pharmacists - Administration of Children's Vaccines - Study and Temporary Authority. Description: Authorizing a pharmacist, from July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2023, inclusive, to administer vaccinations to an individual who is at least 3 years old but under the age of 18 years if certain requirements are met; requiring the Prevention and Health Promotion Administration, in consultation with the State Board of Pharmacy, to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2021, certain information the Administration considers relevant to setting policies on the administration of vaccines to children by pharmacists; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Mail–In Voting Enhancement Act. Description: Requiring the State Board of Elections to complete a comprehensive report analyzing the election after each statewide election; requiring the report to be posted on the State Board's website and submitted to the General Assembly; requiring that certain guidelines for absentee voting provide for the return of absentee ballots using ballot drop boxes and for voter access to information concerning the status of the voter's absentee ballot; requiring the State Board to ensure that ballot drop boxes are available during a certain period; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Voting - Permanent Absentee Ballot List, Ballot Drop Boxes, and Reports. Description: Requiring a local board of elections to designate ballot drop box locations; requiring each local board to submit the proposed locations to the State Administrator of Elections for approval; requiring a local board to ensure the security of ballot drop boxes; requiring the State Board to establish certain chain of custody procedures related to the ballot drop boxes; requiring that certain guidelines for absentee voting established by the State Board of Elections provide for a permanent absentee ballot list; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Richard W. Collins III Leadership With Honor Scholarship - Bowie State. Description: Requiring the Office of Student Financial Assistance within the Maryland Higher Education Commission to award at least 25% of annual grant money from the Richard W. Collins III Leadership With Honor Scholarship to students at Bowie State University.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Operating Budget - Education Programs - Mandated Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill for fiscal year 2023 an appropriation to each program under Funding for Educational Organizations - Other Institutions equal to the greater of the funding the program received in fiscal year 2020, 2021, or 2022 and an additional $150,000.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Maryland School for the Blind - Pay Plan. Description: Requiring a single, uniform  pay plan for teachers and professional personnel at the Maryland School for the Blind; requiring the Secretary of Budget and Management to establish the pay plan after considering recommendations by the Board of Directors of the School; requiring the Board to review certain salaries in determining the pay plan recommendations; requiring the Board to submit the recommendations to the Secretary by June 1 prior to the July 1 of the first fiscal year in which the pay plan will take effect; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Ethics - Disclosures, Training, and Use of Confidential Information (Integrity in High Office Act). Description: Requiring the State Ethics Commission to provide a certain training course to a certain State official on or after January 19, 2023; requiring a certain official to send a copy of a certain disclosure of a certain conflict of interest to the presiding officers of the General Assembly and the Ethics Commission; requiring a certain official who takes a certain executive action and has a certain interest to provide certain information to the Ethics Commission and the Joint Committee on Legislative Ethics; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany and Garrett Counties - Alcoholic Beverages - Gift Basket Permits. Description: Establishing, in Allegany County and Garrett County, gift basket permits; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Allegany County to issue a gift basket permit to certain persons; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Garrett County to issue a gift basket permit to certain persons; prohibiting each of the Boards from issuing the permit for certain uses; providing that the permit authorizes a permit holder to sell and deliver gift baskets containing beer, wine, or liquor to certain individuals; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County - Board of Education - Membership Alterations. Description: Altering the manner of election for certain members of the Charles County Board of Education by specifying that members be elected from certain county commissioner districts; providing for the ballot requirements for a certain election; requiring the State Board of Elections to declare the election of certain candidates; providing for the qualifications of the elected members of the county board; authorizing the student member of the county board to vote on all matters before the board, with the exception of certain matters; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Southern Maryland - Dwelling Registration and Inspection - Fees and Fines. Description: Authorizing the code home rule counties of the Southern Maryland class to require a certain property owner to register certain property with the county in order to offer the property for lease; authorizing the code home rule counties of the Southern Maryland class to charge a fee  for registering certain property with the county and to impose a fine for a dwelling that is not registered with the county; and authorizing code home rule counties of the Southern Maryland class to conduct certain inspections and impose certain fines for certain violations.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Student Data Privacy - Reports and Student Data Privacy Council Sunset Extension. Description: Requiring each county board of education to provide a certain list of digital tools to the State Department of Education by a certain date each year; requiring the Department to publish an online database of digital tools provided by county boards by September 1 each year; requiring the State Department of Education to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by July 1, 2022, on best practices in areas of data management, engagement by county boards, and recommended statutory changes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Absentee Ballot Canvassing – Multiple Ballots Cast by an Individual. Description: Requiring a local board of elections to count an absentee ballot and reject a provisional ballot if the local board receives a legally sufficient absentee ballot and a provisional ballot from the same individual.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Water Supply - Private Well Safety Program. Description: Requiring an owner of residential rental property that is served by a private water supply well to provide water quality testing every 3 years and to disclose to a tenant certain results; requiring the owner of a residential rental property that is served by a private water supply well to notify the Department of the Environment and the local health department about well contamination, provide an on-going potable water supply and resolve the contamination within 60 days; providing a civil penalty of up to $1,000;  etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County – Community Service and Pretrial Release Programs – Authorization. Description: Authorizing the Charles County Board of County Commissioners to establish a community service program and a pretrial release program in Charles County; providing that a court may order a person to participate in the community service program; providing for a fee of up to $40 for each 8-hour period of community service; providing for the court to order a person to participate in a pretrial release program; requiring staff of the pretrial release program to report any violations of a person's pretrial release immediately; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Neighborhood Revitalization - Passive House Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Passive House Pilot Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development to assist a nonprofit organization in partnership with neighboring high schools and institutes of higher education to provide students with career and technical educational experiences through the renovation of residential properties to become passive houses; requiring the Department to solicit proposals from nonprofit organizations that feature certain elements; requiring the Department to give priority to certain proposals; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Commercial Motor Carriers - Safety, Inspection, Performance, and Insurance Information (James Cohran's Law). Description: Requiring certain employers of commercial motor vehicle drivers to provide the U.S. Department of Transportation number of any entity currently owned by the employer and website address for the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration's Safety and Fitness Records (SAFER) System to a prospective employee driver on a bona fide offer of employment; and providing certain civil penalties.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Tax Credit Evaluation Act – Alterations. Description: Requiring a unit of State government that administers a tax credit authorized after July 1, 2021, to report to the Senate Budget and Taxation Committee and the House Committee on Ways and Means on measures that the unit has taken to implement the credit; renaming the Tax Credit Evaluation Act to be the Tax Expenditure Evaluation Act; altering the purposes of the Act to include the legislative review of tax exemptions and preferences; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Tax Sales - Notice. Description: Requiring a certain notice of tax sale of property in Baltimore City to be sent by first-class certified mail.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Local Officials - Salaries. Description: Altering the salary of the members of the St. Mary's County Board of Education, the Chair of the St. Mary's County Board of Education, the Chief Judge of the Orphans' Court of St. Mary's County, the Associate Judges of the Orphans' Court for St. Mary's County, the Treasurer of St. Mary's County, the President of the County Commissioners of St. Mary's County, and the members of the County Commissioners of St. Mary's County; and providing for the application of the Act.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Employees and General Assembly Members - State-Owned Electric Vehicle Charging Stations - Reimbursement. Description: Establishing that a State employee who uses a certain State-owned electric charging station to charge a personal electric vehicle may not be subject to reimbursement; requiring members of the General Assembly who use a State-owned electric vehicle charging station to charge a personal electric vehicle to reimburse the State for the electricity used; declaring the intent of the General Assembly is to promote and facilitate the purchase and use of electric vehicles by State employees to the maximum extent feasible; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Gift Basket Permit. Description: Establishing, in Harford County, a gift basket permit; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the permit to a person whose business includes the sale and delivery of gift baskets; providing that a permit holder is subject to certain alcohol awareness training requirements; limiting the total annual sales from alcoholic beverages to 10% of the annual gross sales of the permit holder; establishing a permit fee of $100; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Alcoholic Beverages - Special Event Permits for Wineries. Description: Increasing from 32 to 60 the number of times per year a holder of a Class 3 winery license or a Class 4 limited winery license may use a certain special event permit in Washington County.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Illegal Dumping and Litter Control Law – Yard Waste – Disposal on Highways. Description: Prohibiting a person from disposing of yard waste on a highway; establishing certain penalties for certain violations of the Act; authorizing a court to order a person who disposes of yard waste in violation of the Act to remove or render harmless the yard waste or reimburse the State, county, municipal corporation, or bi-county unit for its costs incurred in removing the yard waste; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Pedestrians - Kent Island Drawbridge - Fishing Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a pedestrian from catching or attempting to catch fish by any means on or under the Maryland Route 18 Kent Island Drawbridge over the Kent Narrows in Queen Anne's County.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile Services - Workgroup to Develop Evidence-Based, Research-Based, and Culturally Competent Practices. Description: Requiring the Department of Juvenile Services and the Department of Human Services to convene a workgroup with a public policy institute in the State to increase accountability for prevention and intervention services delivered to children by the Department of Juvenile Services through evidence-based, research-based, and culturally competent practices; requiring the workgroup to complete a baseline assessment and publish a certain inventory; requiring the workgroup to consider and identify certain factors; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County – Memorial Hospital – Board Membership and Meetings. Description: Altering the membership of the Board of Governors of the Garrett County Memorial Hospital; altering the terms of the members of the Board; and reducing the mandatory number of Board meetings from 10 to 6.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Fishing and Hunting Rights. Description: Stating certain findings of the General Assembly related to the value of fishing and hunting to the cultural and social heritage and the economy of the State; and establishing that it is the intent of the General Assembly that residents of the State have a right to fish and to hunt subject to regulations and restrictions under laws that the General Assembly enacts.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Eligibility. Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program to provide comprehensive medical, dental, and other health care services for a pregnant Program recipient for the duration of the pregnancy and for 1 year immediately following the end of the woman's pregnancy.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Annual Fees. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County, for the 2020-2021 licensing period, to reimburse holders of certain alcoholic beverages licenses the entire amount of the annual license fee under certain circumstances; and requiring the Board, for the 2020-2021 licensing period, to reimburse a certain percentage of the annual license fee for certain alcoholic beverages licenses under certain circumstances and to reimburse a certain amount of the annual license fees the next fiscal year under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax Credit – Business Entities – State of Emergency. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to grant a tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on real or personal property owned or leased by a business entity affected by a state of emergency declared under Title 14 of the Public Safety Article; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after June 30, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance – Maryland Department of Labor – Accountability and Oversight. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to post on its website certain reports on the administration and operation of the State's unemployment insurance laws by the first day of each month; establishing that a disaster exists if the Department, for 4 consecutive weeks fails to pay at least 82% of first payments within a certain time period; requiring that the disaster reporting requirements remain in effect until the Department processes at least 87% of first payments during a certain period of time; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance – Weekly Benefit Amount – Income Disregard. Description: Increasing to $200 the maximum amount of wages disregarded when computing the weekly benefit amount to be paid to an unemployment insurance benefits claimant; and terminating the Act on the date that the COVID-19 pandemic ends under Title 14 of the Public Safety Article.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Public Schools - Air Quality Testing. Description: Requiring the Baltimore County Board of Education to retain the services of a  qualified indoor air quality investigator to conduct any indoor air quality testing the county board chooses to have conducted in a public school in the county; requiring the county board, on receipt of the results of an indoor air quality test, to make the information available to the public on its website and submit the information to the State Department of Education; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County – School Redistricting – Public Testimony Ho. Co. 07-21. Description: Requiring, during a school redistricting process in which the redistricting plan proposed by the Howard County Board of Education differs from the redistricting plan proposed by the Howard County Superintendent of Schools, that the county board allow one or more members of a household whose school assignment is changed only in the county board's plan to provide public testimony before the final vote on either school redistricting plan.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Work Sharing (Work Share Expansion Act of 2021). Description: Altering the definition of "affected employee" for purposes of certain provisions of unemployment insurance law governing work sharing to include certain individuals who were rehired, subject to a certain limitation, by an affected unit following a temporary closure or layoff due to the COVID-19 pandemic; requiring the Department to ensure that the work sharing unemployment insurance program has sufficient staff and resources to complete the processing of complete applications within 10 days after receipt; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Secretary of Health – School–Based Health Centers – Guidelines and Administration of Grants. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Health, in consultation with the State Department of Education and other stakeholders, to develop guidelines to support the expansion of school-based health centers; requiring the Governor to transfer the administration of school-based health center grants from the State Department of Education to the Bureau of Maternal and Child Health within the Maryland Department of Health on or before July 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County - Class A Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Quota by Election District Ho. Co. 02-21. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Howard County to issue up to six Class A licenses in each election district in the county; authorizing the Board to issue more than six Class A licenses in each election district in the county, provided that the total number of Class A licenses in any election district does not exceed one Class A license of any type for every 4,000 residents of the election district as determined by the latest census; and providing for the prospective application of the Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B Beer, Wine, and Liquor License - Off-Premises Consumption Ho. Co. 04-21. Description: Authorizing the holder of a certain Class B beer, wine, and liquor license in Howard County to sell beer, wine, and liquor in sealed containers for off-premises consumption, subject to certain requirements; repealing certain provisions that authorize the Board of License Commissioners for Howard County to issue a certain permit to a certain holder of a certain Class B beer, wine, and liquor license; and authorizing the Board to limit the quantity of alcoholic beverages sold in a single transaction for off-premises consumption.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Names of Entities With Physician Membership – Approval Requirement – Exemption. Description: Exempting a professional entity whose members are licensed physicians from a requirement that the name of the entity be approved by the State Board of Physicians; requiring that the State Board of Assessments and Taxation notify MedChi, the Maryland State Medical Society on receipt of a certain application; and authorizing MedChi, the Maryland State Medical Society on receipt of the application to take no action or refer the application to the Maryland Department of Health if there is reason to believe the name is misleading.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Economic Stabilization Act - Alterations. Description: Prohibiting an employee from counting in the determination of a reduction in operations if the employee accepts an offer to transfer to any other site of employment within 30 days after being offered the transfer for purposes of certain provisions of law; altering the persons to whom an employer is required to provide certain notice of a reduction in operations; altering the information required to be included in a certain notice of a reduction in operations; exempting an employer from a certain notice requirement; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County – Alcoholic Beverages – Delivery Ho. Co. 01–21. Description: Authorizing a holder of a Class A alcoholic beverages license in Howard County to deliver alcoholic beverages in the county; requiring that an employee making deliveries be at least 21 years old; requiring an individual receiving an alcoholic beverages delivery to provide certain proof of age; providing for the manner in which an individual receiving a delivery of alcohol provides proof of age; requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Howard County to approve a certain certification; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County – Long–Term Contracts for Cellular Tower Leases. Description: Authorizing Calvert County to enter into a contract for a cellular tower lease, including a cellular tower lease on a water tower, if the initial term of the lease is not more than 20 years.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Caroline County – Sunday Hunting – Deer Hunting Seasons. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person to hunt deer on each Sunday of the deer hunting seasons from the first Sunday in October through the second Sunday in January, inclusive, in Caroline County.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Physical Restraint and Seclusion - Reporting and Training. Description: Requiring a certain report on the use of physical restraint or seclusion incidents to include, for the prior school year, certain information on the number of physical restraint and seclusion incidents for certain students; requiring the Department to make recommendations for improvements in data collection and positive behavioral interactions to certain schools unable to verify reported data; requiring a report to the Department by December 1 each year on steps taken to encourage positive behavioral interventions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County - Public Facilities Bond. Description: Authorizing and empowering the County Commissioners of Calvert County, from time to time, to borrow not more than $26,453,345 to finance the construction, improvement, or development of certain public buildings, roads, and facilities in Calvert County, as herein defined, and to effect such borrowing by the issuance and sale at public or private sale of its general obligation bonds in like par amount; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax – Subtraction Modification – First–Time Homebuyer Savings Accounts. Description: Allowing a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for contributions to a certain first-time homebuyer savings account during a taxable year and certain earnings on the account; providing that an account holder may claim the subtraction modification under certain circumstances; providing that transfers of money to or from the account are subject to certain requirements and limitations; applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Property Tax Credit - Hotel or Residential Development. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Wicomico County or the governing body of a municipal corporation in Wicomico County to grant a property tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on real property that is used for hotel or residential development projects that add substantially to the assessed value of the property; authorizing the governing body of Wicomico County or the governing body of a municipal corporation in Wicomico County to provide for certain matters relating to the tax credit; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax Credit - Airport Noise Zones - Eligibility. Description: Altering eligibility for a certain property tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on certain residential real property located within a certain airport noise zone; authorizing the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to choose to provide the tax credit only within a certain noise contour; authorizing the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to vary the amount of the credit based on where the property is situated within the noise zone; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax - Property - Tax Sales. Description: Requiring the collector of property taxes of a county to sell certain property at a tax sale under certain circumstances; and requiring the collector of property taxes to sell certain property on receipt of a certain petition at the county's next regularly scheduled tax sale.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Attorney General - Firearm Crime, Injuries, Fatalities, and Crime Firearms - Study Extension. Description: Altering certain dates by which the Office of the Attorney General is required to provide certain reports to the Governor and the General Assembly relating to firearm crimes, firearm injuries and fatalities, and crime firearms; authorizing the Office to access certain information from the District Court concerning certain protective orders for a certain purpose; requiring an additional report to be submitted by December 1, 2024 by the Office of the Attorney General under a certain Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Juvenile Law - Juvenile Justice Reform. Description: Requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2023, to appropriate at least $2,000,000 in the annual budget bill for a grant to Roca Baltimore, LLC; requiring the Juvenile Justice Reform Council to submit a supplemental report on its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by October 1, 2021; and extending the termination date of the Council to June 30, 2022.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County – Board of Education – Redetermination of Geographic Attendance Area Ho. Co. 05-21. Description: Requiring the Howard County Board of Education to submit to the General Assembly and the Howard County Delegation to the General Assembly an annual report on the program capacity of each permanent school facility, beginning in the 2021-2022 school year; requiring the county board to submit a report to the General Assembly and the Howard County Delegation on a plan to adjust student enrollment to meet target utilization, if student enrollment at a permanent school facility is not within 10% of target utilization; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County – Alcoholic Beverages – Alcoholic Beverages Inspectors Ho. Co. 03-21. Description: Authorizing an alcoholic beverages inspector to issue a citation in Howard County; requiring an inspector to complete a training program in the use of arrest authority and pertinent police procedures; prohibiting an inspector from carrying a firearm in the performance of the inspector's duties; requiring the Howard County Police Department to employ certain inspectors, rather than requiring the Chief of the County Police Department to provide a sworn member of the County Police Department as an inspector; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Certified Nursing Assistants – Certificate Renewal – Training Program Requirements. Description: Altering the circumstances under which a certified nursing assistant may renew the certificate to allow the nursing assistant to provide, under certain circumstances, certain evidence of completion of a certain nursing assistant training program or a certain refresher training program as required in certain regulations adopted by the State Board of Nursing; and requiring the Board to adopt certain regulations.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Tax Sales - Notice Requirements. Description: Requiring that, in Baltimore City, a notice pertaining to tax sales for properties contain an itemized list of the source and amount of each tax due that the collector seeks to recover by means of a tax sale.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Commission on Environmental Justice and Sustainable Communities - Reform. Description: Altering the membership of the Commission on Environmental Justice and Sustainable Communities; requiring the Commission's membership to reflect the diversity of the State to the extent practicable; requiring the Commission to meet at least six times a year; requiring the Commission to host at least four community listening sessions a year; requiring the Commission to conduct its meetings and sessions in different geographic locations in the State; requiring the sessions and meetings of the Commission to be accessible to all attendees; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporate Diversity - Board, Executive Leadership, and Mission. Description: Prohibiting an entity from qualifying for certain State benefits unless certain criteria relating to underrepresented communities are met; requiring the Department of Commerce and the Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to develop and maintain a State Equity Report; requiring the Department and the Office to adopt regulations to carry out the Act; requiring a certain entity to include certain diversity data in a certain annual report; applying the Act prospectively;  etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Maryland Technology Development Corporation – Pre–Seed Builder Fund. Description: Establishing the Pre-Seed Builder Fund in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation as a special, nonlapsing fund to support the development of start-up companies run by entrepreneurs from socially or economically disadvantaged backgrounds that hinder access to traditional forms of capital and executive networks at the pre-seed stage; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill a certain appropriation to the Fund; providing for the investment of money in the Fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workgroup to Study Enhanced Opportunities for Socially and Economically Disadvantaged Individuals in the State. Description: Establishing the Workgroup to Study Enhanced Opportunities for Socially and Economically Disadvantaged Individuals in the State; requiring the Workgroup to study certain procurement preference programs, enhanced job opportunities for certain individuals, certain existing methods for enhancing opportunities in other states, the effect of additional or enhanced programs on existing State law, and other matters; requiring the Workgroup to report its findings by December 31, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Determination of Creditworthiness - Evaluation Rules and Alternative Methods. Description: Requiring certain credit grantors to adhere to certain rules concerning evaluations of applications and, under certain circumstances, consider alternative methods of evaluating an applicant's creditworthiness when evaluating an application for a primary residential mortgage loan or an extension of credit.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Procurement - Transparency and Application to County Contracts. Description: Requiring the Secretary of General Services annually to review and evaluate all contracts that were executed in the prior year using State funds or contracts for the benefit of the State, a unit of the State, or State officials or employees; requiring the Secretary to report each year on the contract review to certain committees of the General Assembly; altering the definition of "unit" for the purposes of applying certain provisions of law governing procurement to certain county procurement contracts using State funds; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Manufacturer's Licenses and Off-Site Permits. Description: Repealing certain provisions relating to brewing company, winery, and distillery off-site permits; establishing a manufacturer's off-site permit with certain privileges; authorizing the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission to issue a brewery special event permit; altering the volumes of beer that the holders of certain licenses may produce and distribute annually; authorizing holders of certain manufacturer's licenses to sell and deliver products produced under the holder's license to individuals located in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland 529 Program - Board Authority and State Contribution - Alterations. Description: Authorizing the Maryland 529 Board to distribute certain fees in a certain manner; requiring an account holder of the Maryland Senator Edward J. Kasemeyer College Investment Plan to be a State resident and file taxes before July 15 each year to qualify for a State contribution; requiring a qualified beneficiary to be under the age of 26 years to receive a State contribution; prohibiting an account holder from qualifying for more than $9,000 of State contributions through a certain time period; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Housing and Community Development – Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development to make financial assistance available to certain developers working in low-income census tracts in order to help close appraisal gaps that occur in historically redlined neighborhoods; requiring the amount of financial assistance not to exceed 35% of the lesser of the total cost of eligible construction expenses or 80% of the national median sale price for new homes on the date of sale; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Stadium License. Description: Altering the authorization of the holder of a stadium license in Frederick County to sell beer and wine in styrofoam containers on the licensed premises.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Consumption Permits. Description: Establishing a beer and wine consumption permit and a beer, wine, and liquor consumption permit in Frederick County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue the permits to holders of Class A alcoholic beverages licenses to allow for on-premises consumption of beer and wine; requiring an applicant for a permit to submit an application to the Board; authorizing the Board to issue a permit under certain circumstances; providing for the renewal of a permit; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Services and Voluntary Placement Agreements – Children and Young Adults – Report Modifications. Description: Requiring that the Director of the Behavioral Health Administration's annual report on behavioral health services for children and young adults in the State include certain information relating to outpatient and substance-related disorders program services used by children and young adults and behavioral health services provided through telehealth; altering the scope of certain data required to be included in the report; requiring that certain data in the report be grouped by race and ethnicity; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Procurement - Concrete - Preference. Description: Requiring each unit of State government responsible for awarding a contract for the procurement of concrete or a contract that includes the purchase or use of concrete in the performance of the contract to give a 5% price preference to the procurement, or required use under the contract, of concrete mix designs that consist of Type 1L cement or a blended cement and that meet certain specifications; providing that the 5% price preference shall only apply to a portion of the contract directly attributable to the cost of the concrete; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Guaranteed Access Grant and Next Generation Scholars of Maryland – Alterations. Description: Altering the eligibility criteria for students in grade 9 or 10 to prequalify for a Guaranteed Access Grant under the Delegate Howard P. Rawlings Educational Excellence Award; requiring the Next Generation Scholars of Maryland Program to provide matriculation assistance to students entering an institution of higher education directly from high school; requiring the Governor to include an appropriation of $5,000,000 in the annual budget bill for the Program  for fiscal year 2023 and each fiscal year thereafter; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Police Officer - Data Collection and Reporting. Description: Requiring certain law enforcement agencies to report by March 1, 2022, and each March 1 thereafter, certain information to the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services regarding police officer-involved use of force incidents that resulted in a monetary settlement or judgment against the law enforcement agency; requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to adopt certain procedures and compile and report certain information to the General Assembly by June 30 each year; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force to Study the Laws of Intestacy in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study the Laws of Intestacy in Maryland; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; specifying that, to the extent practicable, the members appointed to the Task Force reflect the racial, ethnic, cultural, and gender diversity of the State; requiring the Task Force to examine the laws of intestacy in Maryland and make recommendations about how to revise the laws; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Credits for Preceptors in Areas With Health Care Workforce Shortages. Description: Altering, from 160 to 100, the number of training hours that a licensed physician is required to perform in a preceptor program rotation in order to qualify for a certain State income tax credit; authorizing a State income tax credit for certain health care practitioners who serve as preceptors for a certain preceptorship program for physician assistant students; requiring the Department to approve applications on a first-come, first-served basis and notify applicants of approval or denial within 45 days after receipt; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: National Capital Strategic Economic Development Program - Eligibility and Funding. Description: Extending certain funding to each fiscal year; altering the definition of "national capital region" for the purposes of the National Capital Strategic Economic Development Program; and requiring 100% of the National Capital Strategic Economic Development Fund to be used for community enhancement projects in sustainable communities located in certain areas in fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Homestead and Homeowners' Property Tax Credits - Access and Eligibility. Description: Requiring a contract for the sale of certain residential property to include a certain information concerning the homestead property tax credit; requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to design a document about the homestead tax credit that must be presented to the buyer at the settlement for the property; applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Horse Racing – Fair Hill Natural Resources Management Area. Description: Requiring the Maryland Racing Commission to issue a license to the Cecil County Breeders' Fair, Inc. to hold no more than eight one-day race meetings each year; altering the amount of money that is to be credited to the Fair Hill Improvement Fund; authorizing the licensee to deduct from the handle up to 25%, and from the amount deducted, excluding breakage, to pay 36% of the remaining amount to the Fair Hill Improvement Fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wills, Powers of Attorney, and Advance Directives – Electronic Execution. Description: Altering certain provisions of law related to the execution of wills, powers of attorney, and advance directives to authorize the electronic execution and remote witnessing of those documents under certain circumstances; providing that a will, a power of attorney, a notarization of a power of attorney, or an advance directive executed in conformance with the provisions of certain executive orders shall be deemed to satisfy certain requirements under the Act; applying the Act retroactively; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Electricians Act - Revisions. Description: Altering the powers and duties of the State Board of Master Electricians; changing the name of the Board to the State Board of Electricians; requiring the General Assembly by December 1, 2024, to consider legislation proposed by the Workgroup to Study Limited Energy Services necessary for the regulation and licensing of low-voltage electricians if certain legislation establishing a certain licensing program is not enacted by July 1, 2024; establishing the Workgroup to Study Limited Energy Services; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Wills - Custodianship. Description: Requiring a person having custody of a will to maintain custody of the will, except under certain circumstances; prohibiting the custodian of a will from taking certain actions related to the will, except under certain circumstances; authorizing the custodian of a will to deposit the will for safekeeping with a certain register of wills under certain circumstances; requiring the custodian of a will to deliver the will to certain persons under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Legal Education Success Collaborative - Established. Description: Establishing a Legal Education Success Collaborative for the purpose of developing methods of increasing diversity in the legal field; requiring institutions to develop and administer programs and cooperatives related to the Collaborative; beginning in fiscal year 2023, requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $125,000 to certain institutions and programs; requiring certain institutions to provide certain matching funds; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County – Barbershop and Beauty Salon Beer and Wine Licenses – Alterations. Description: Increasing from 5 ounces to 12 ounces the amount of beer that a holder of a barbershop or beauty salon beer and wine license in Frederick County may provide to a barbershop or beauty salon customer for on-premises consumption.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Alcohol by Volume - Wine. Description: Altering the percentage of alcohol by volume that establishments holding certain alcoholic beverages licenses may serve in Frederick County to 22%.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Personnel Management System – Office of the Public Defender – Placement. Description: Establishing that, within the Office of the Public Defender, the deputy public defender, district public defenders, assistant public defenders are placed in certain employment categories in the State Personnel Management System; authorizing the Public Defender to employ, rather than appoint certain employees; authorizing assistant public defenders and other employees to be terminated or disciplined only for cause; repealing a provision of law that excludes attorneys in the Office from certain grievance procedures; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Regional Institution Strategic Enterprise Zone Program - Alterations. Description: Expanding the purposes of the Regional Institution Strategic Enterprise Zone Program; establishing the Regional Institution Strategic Enterprise Zone Fund in the Department of Commerce to finance the provision of rental assistance to business entities located in RISE zones; prohibiting the Secretary of Commerce from approving a Regional Institution Strategic Enterprise (RISE) zone exceeding 500 acres; altering eligibility for tax incentives that a business entity that locates in a RISE zone may receive; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health - Maryland Behavioral Health and Public Safety Center of Excellence - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Behavioral Health and Public Safety Center of Excellence within the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to act as the statewide information repository for behavioral health treatment and diversion programs related to the criminal justice system; requiring the Center to monitor its models, plans, policies, strategies, programs, technical assistance, and training for opportunities to reduce the disparities in the criminalization of racial minorities with certain disorders; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Howard County - Fee for Rental Housing Services - Established Ho. Co. 15-21. Description: Establishing a fee on rental housing licenses issued in Howard County to fund educational services for any tenant or landlord in need of assistance and legal services for any tenant with a household income of up to 60% of the median household income in Howard County; requiring that the fee be $15 per unit in fiscal year 2022; specifying that the fee is in addition to any other fees required for the issuance or renewal of a rental housing license; requiring a certain report;  applying the Act prospectively; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcohol and Drug Counseling - Alcohol and Drug Trainees - Practice Through Telehealth. Description: Authorizing alcohol and drug trainees to practice clinical drug and alcohol counseling without a license or drug and alcohol counseling without a certificate through telehealth if the individuals are working as trainees under the supervision of certain approved supervisors while completing certain experiential or course study requirements.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – 40th District Alcoholic Beverages. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a Class C beer, wine, and liquor license in certain areas of the 40th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City under certain circumstances; prohibiting certain license holders in certain areas of the 40th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City from selling alcoholic beverages before 10 a.m. or after 10 p.m., with certain exceptions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - West North Avenue Development Authority. Description: Establishing the West North Avenue Development Authority in Baltimore City to support the development and approval of a comprehensive neighborhood revitalization plan in the target area and the buffer zone; requiring the membership of the Authority to include two members who are residents of communities impacted by the target area or buffer zone; authorizing the Authority to modify the boundaries of the target area and the buffer zone; requiring a report by the Authority on its comprehensive revitalization strategy by October 1, 2023; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Visit Baltimore – Appropriation Calculation. Description: Altering the method by which a certain annual appropriation in the Baltimore City budget to Visit Baltimore is calculated for certain fiscal years; and extending to 2027 the termination date of the appropriation for Visit Baltimore.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education – Child Care Centers and Youth Development Organizations and Programs (Support Youth Development for School–Age Children Act). Description: Exempting certain youth development organizations and programs from the definition of a child care center; authorizing youth development organizations or programs to provide care for a child who is at least 5 years old who attends a public school; requiring a youth development organization to provide a safe child care environment and have certain policies and requirements; requiring certain youth development organizations and programs to submit annually to the State Department of Education certain information; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax Exemption - Disabled Active Duty Service Members, Disabled Veterans, and Surviving Spouses - Refund. Description: Requiring the State, a county, or a municipal corporation to pay a certain refund to a disabled active duty service member, disabled veteran, or surviving spouse under certain circumstances; requiring the State, a county, or a municipal corporation to pay interest on the refund under certain circumstances; and applying the Act to taxable years beginning after June 30, 2018.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Eviction Actions - Catastrophic Health Emergencies. Description: Requiring the Maryland Judiciary to collect, maintain, and provide certain access to certain information on eviction actions; requiring the Maryland Judiciary to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on the eviction data by August 31, 2022, and each year thereafter; establishing that a substantial loss of income due to a declared catastrophic health emergency is an affirmative defense to certain eviction actions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Barbers - Employment of Apprentice Barbers - Alterations. Description: Increasing, from 1 to 3, the maximum number of apprentice barbers per master barber that a barber shop may employ at the same time; and repealing a limit on the total number of apprentice barbers that a barbershop may employ at the same time.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tobacco Tax and Sales and Use Tax - Out-of-State Sales of Premium Cigars and Pipe Tobacco and Tobacco Smoking Devices. Description: Altering the definition of "other tobacco products" to exclude a certain item; requiring a person located outside the State to have a certain license in order to sell premium cigars or pipe tobacco to a consumer in the State; requiring the Executive Director of the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission to issue a certain license; authorizing the holder of a remote tobacco seller license to sell premium cigars and pipe tobacco to consumers in the State; establishing the requirements for an applicant for a remote tobacco seller license; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Broadband Providers – Joint Trenching and Fee (Building Out Broadband Act of 2021). Description: Authorizing a county or municipal corporation to adopt certain policies to advance progress of infrastructure, equipment, and systems needed to extend broadband access to underserved areas; requiring the Department of Transportation and units of local government to allow joint trenching by broadband providers in a certain manner under certain circumstances; exempting counties and municipal corporations within the jurisdiction of the Washington Suburban Sanitary District from certain requirements; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Executive Directors - Membership and Vesting. Description: Requiring the Executive Director of the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission to be a sworn police officer with certain powers; providing that an individual who commences employment as the Executive Director of the State Retirement Agency on or after January 1, 2021, shall have immediate vesting rights in the Employees' Pension System; requiring the State Retirement Agency to submit a report on immediate vesting for certain positions to the Joint Committee on Pensions by December 1, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Support - Guidelines. Description: Extending from October 1, 2021, to July 1, 2022, the effective date for certain provisions of law that would revise the schedule of basic child support obligations used to calculate the amount of a child support award and make other changes relating to the application of the Maryland Child Support Guidelines.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: University System of Maryland - Academic Facilities Bonding Authority. Description: Approving certain projects for the acquisition, development, and improvement of certain academic facilities for the University System of Maryland; approving the issuance of bonds by the University System of Maryland in a total principal amount of $25,000,000 for financing the projects; and providing that the bonds issued under the authority of the Act are not a debt or obligation of the State or any of its subdivisions.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Impermissible Restrictions on Use - Portable Basketball Apparatuses. Description: Prohibiting a certain restriction on use regarding land from imposing unreasonable limitations on the location and use of a portable basketball apparatus provided that the property owner owns or has the right to exclusive use of the area in which placement and use of the portable basketball apparatus is to occur; exempting a certain restriction on use regarding certain historic property from the applicability of the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health – Maryland Prenatal and Infant Care Grant Program Fund. Description: Renaming the Maryland Prenatal and Infant Care Coordination Services Grant Program Fund to be the Maryland Prenatal and Infant Care Grant Program Fund; altering the purpose of the Fund to include making grants to certain health centers and hospitals and certain providers to increase access to prenatal care; requiring the Governor to include appropriations in the annual budget bill for the Fund; altering the proposals that are required to receive priority to include those from areas with high rates of infants with low birthweight; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Campaign Finance - Revisions. Description: Requiring a treasurer of a campaign finance entity to approve, rather than make, all disbursements for the entity; authorizing the chairman of a campaign finance entity to approve, rather than make, disbursements for the entity under certain circumstances; requiring a campaign finance entity that is liable for a certain civil penalty to submit certain bank statements with the campaign finance entity's campaign finance reports during a certain period; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Campaign Finance - Contribution Through Third-Party Payment Processor and Payment of Expenses. Description: Requiring a campaign finance entity to initiate the transfer of a contribution made through a third-party payment processor from the account of the third-party payment processor to the designated campaign account of the campaign finance entity within 7 days after the contribution is deposited in the account of the third-party payment processor; repealing the authority of campaign finance entity to pay certain expenses from funds other than a campaign account; authorizing the State Board to impose certain civil penalties; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Campaign Finance Reports - Business Contributors - Registration Status. Description: Requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to electronically transmit certain lists of registered and forfeited businesses to the State Board of Elections in a certain manner and format by January 15 each year; requiring the Department to electronically transmit to the State Board the name of a business in a certain manner and format within 24 hours after processing a filing for revival or reinstatement of the registration of the business; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Historic St. Mary's City Fort to 400 Commission. Description: Establishing the Historic St. Mary's City Fort to 400 Commission to plan and conduct observances in 2034 commemorating the 400th anniversary of Maryland's founding; requiring the membership of the Commission to reflect the diversity of the State to the extent practicable; requiring the Commission to meet at least twice a year; requiring the Commission to provide an update to the Governor and the General Assembly by November 1, 2022, and each year thereafter on the plan of action for the commemoration; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Nonpublic Special Education Schools - State Contribution - Increase. Description: Requiring the State contribution to the cost of educating children with disabilities in nonpublic programs to be increased for certain purposes by 4% in fiscal year 2023 over the amount approved by the State Department of Education in fiscal year 2022; and requiring the State contribution to be increased in fiscal year 2023 by not less than an additional 2% or the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for certain purposes.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Blueprint for Maryland's Future - Revisions. Description: Altering certain policy and funding provisions and implementation dates relating to the Blueprint for Maryland's Future; requiring the State Department of Education to submit a certain report on information technology; requiring, beginning in the 2022-2023 school year, the Department to review schools where students continue to show learning loss related to the COVID-19 pandemic; requiring a certain workgroup for English language learners to study the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prior Authorizations of State Debt - Alterations. Description: Amending certain prior authorizations of State Debt to alter the requirement that certain grantees provide certain matching funds; extending the termination date of certain grants; changing the locations of certain capital projects; altering the purposes of certain grants; changing the names of certain grantees; altering the authorized uses of certain grants; altering certain matching fund and expenditure requirements; repealing certain provisions that require grantees to provide and expend a certain matching fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Information Exchanges - Electronic Health Information - Sharing and Disclosure. Description: Altering the laws with which certain regulations adopted by the Maryland Health Care Commission must comply; requiring that certain regulations adopted by the Commission require the State-designated health information exchange to develop and maintain a certain consent management application, subject to certain laws, and provide for certain penalties; requiring that, subject to certain laws, certain regulations allow certain entities to use electronic health information for certain purposes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Primary and Secondary Education - Virtual Education - Requirements. Description: Requiring the Professional Standards and Teacher Education Board to design a course of training in the pedagogy of virtual education for teacher preparation programs; requiring the State Department of Education to provide guidance to local school systems for professional development and support of certain persons to achieve certain virtual education best practice principles; establishing the Flip the Classroom Pilot Program to develop best practices related to inverted classroom and blended instructional models; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Historically Black Colleges and Universities - Funding. Description: Requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to establish a new unit to assist in evaluating and reviewing certain proposals for new programs and substantial modifications of existing programs; requiring the Governor, for fiscal years 2023 through 2032, to include in the annual State operating budget $577,000,000 to be allocated to certain historically black colleges and universities; establishing the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Reserve Fund; requiring the Cigarette Restitution Fund to include a separate account;  etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Environmental Service Reform Act of 2021. Description: Altering from voting to nonvoting the type of membership position the Executive Director of the Maryland Environmental Service holds on the Board of Directors of the Service; removing the Deputy Director of the Service from the Board of Directors; requiring the Director to present certain expense information at each regular meeting of the Board; requiring the Board, by December 31, 2021, and every 5 years thereafter, to obtain a certain assessment of the Board's operations by an independent consultant or accountant; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Preserve Telehealth Access Act of 2021. Description: Altering the health care services the Maryland Medical Assistance Program, subject to a certain limitation, is required to provide through telehealth; requiring that certain services provided under the Program include certain counseling and treatment; prohibiting the Program from excluding from coverage a behavioral health care service provided to a recipient in person solely because the service may be provided through telehealth; requiring the Maryland Health Care Commission to submit a certain report on telehealth; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Ethics - Officials and Employees - Acceptance of Gifts and Prohibited Retaliation. Description: Prohibiting an official or a State employee from accepting a gift from  an association, or any entity acting on behalf of an association, that is engaged only in representing counties or municipal corporations; and prohibiting an official or employee from retaliating against an individual for reporting or participating in an investigation of a potential violation of the Maryland Public Ethics Law.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Implicit Bias Training and the Office of Minority Health and Health Disparities. Description: Altering the information to be included in the Health Care Disparities Policy Report Card to include disparities in morbidity and mortality rates for dementia; requiring the Office of Minority Health and Health Disparities to publish health data that includes race and ethnicity information and to update the data biannually; requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2023, to include at least $1,788,314 in the annual budget bill for the Office; requiring a certain program to identify and approve implicit bias training programs; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: General Assembly – Special Election to Fill a Vacancy in Office. Description: Proposing an amendment to the Maryland Constitution to require an individual appointed by the Governor to fill a vacancy in the office of Delegate or Senator in the General Assembly to serve for the remainder of the term if the vacancy occurs after a certain date; requiring that a special election be held at the same time as a certain regular statewide election to fill a vacancy in the office of Delegate or Senator in the General Assembly if the vacancy occurs on or before a certain date; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Court Dog Program - Veterans Treatment Courts. Description: Renaming the Court Dog and Child Witness Program to be the Court Dog  Program; expanding the application of the Program to veterans who are participating in a court-supervised, comprehensive, and voluntary treatment-based program; establishing that the Program shall be in the circuit court of each county that participates in the Program and in the District Court of each county that participates in the Program under certain circumstances; altering the purpose of the Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: General Provisions – State Song – Repeal. Description: Repealing the State song.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Polling Sites – Firearms Prohibitions. Description: Prohibiting a person from carrying or displaying a firearm on the premises of a privately or publicly owned building being used as a polling site during an election, including in a parking lot, or carrying or possessing a firearm within 100 feet of a polling site during an election, subject to certain exceptions; and establishing a certain civil penalty of up to $5,000 for a certain violation.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Office of the Inspector General for Health. Description: Renaming the Office of the Inspector General in the Maryland Department of Health to be the Maryland Office of the Inspector General for Health and providing that the Office is an independent unit of the State, rather than a unit in the Department; requiring an annual report by December 1 of the Office's activities investigating fraud and waste of certain funds, referrals to the Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, recoveries of mistaken claims paid in error, recoveries of the cost of benefits mistakenly paid, and regulatory changes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Certified Nursing Assistants – Certificate Renewal – Training Program Requirements. Description: Altering the circumstances under which a certified nursing assistant may renew the certificate to allow the nursing assistant to provide, under certain circumstances, certain evidence of completion of a certain nursing assistant training program or a certain refresher training program as required in certain regulations adopted by the State Board of Nursing; and requiring the Board to adopt certain regulations.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Compensation to Individual Erroneously Convicted, Sentenced, and Confined (The Walter Lomax Act). Description: Altering a provision of law to require, rather than authorize, the Board of Public Works to pay certain compensation in a certain manner to a certain individual who has been erroneously convicted, sentenced, and subsequently confined for a felony on receipt of a certain order; authorizing an administrative law judge to issue a certain order of eligibility; authorizing a certain individual who has previously received compensation to request an order for supplemental compensation in certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Firearms - Handgun Permit - Notice of Expiration and Renewal Instructions. Description: Requiring the Secretary of State Police to provide a certain notice of the impending expiration of a certain handgun permit and certain renewal instructions to a holder of a certain handgun permit at least 60 days before the expiration of the permit by electronic mail, if the holder of the permit has provided an e-mail address to the Secretary, or by mail.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Life–Threatening Injury Involving a Motor Vehicle or Vessel – Criminal Negligence (Wade’s Law). Description: Prohibiting a person from causing a life-threatening injury to another as a result of the person's driving, operating, or controlling a motor vehicle or vessel in a criminally negligent manner; exempting certain conduct that results in a life-threatening injury to another; and establishing a penalty of imprisonment not exceeding 1 year or a fine not exceeding $5,000 or both for a violation of the Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Biotechnology Investment Incentive Tax Credit Program - Alterations and Study. Description: Altering eligibility for the Biotechnology Investment Incentive Tax Credit Program by altering the definitions of "qualified investor" and "qualified Maryland biotechnology company"; providing that the purpose of the program is to foster the growth of Maryland's biotechnology industry; prohibiting the Department of Commerce from issuing any tax credits to certain companies after June 30, 2028; requiring the Department, in consultation with certain experts, to conduct certain studies and report to the General Assembly by December 1, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Canceled, Revoked, and Suspended Driver's Licenses - Penalties. Description: Altering certain penalties for a person who displays a canceled, revoked, or suspended driver's license; and providing that a person who violates a certain section of the Act must appear in court and may not prepay the fine.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: On-Site Sewage Disposal Systems - Inspection - Licensing. Description: Prohibiting an individual from engaging in the business of inspecting an on-site sewage disposal system unless the person holds a valid on-site wastewater property transfer inspection license issued by the Department of the Environment on or after July 1, 2022; requiring the Department to adopt regulations by January 1, 2022; providing an administrative penalty of up to $10,000 for a violation of the Act; providing that each inspection knowingly conducted without a valid license constitutes a separate violation of the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Conditions of Pretrial Release - Home Detention Monitoring. Description: Exempting certain defendants placed in private home detention as a condition of pretrial release from the requirement to pay a certain monitoring fee if the defendant qualifies as an indigent individual under certain circumstances or if a home detention monitoring device is provided by the State or a local jurisdiction; establishing the Workgroup on Home Detention Monitoring to study and make recommendations regarding the costs and availability of publicly and privately provided pretrial home detention monitoring systems; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity and Gas - Energy Suppliers - Supply Offers. Description: Requiring the Public Service Commission, by January 1, 2023, to establish an administrative process to approve supply offers for electricity or gas for households in the State that receive energy assistance through a program in the Office of Home Energy Programs; prohibiting, beginning on July 1, 2023, unless the Commission has approved the supply offer, a third-party retail supplier from offering to provide electricity or gas, renewing a certain contract, or charging a certain fee to certain households in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians - Genetic Counselors - Licensing. Description: Requiring the State Board of Physicians to license genetic counselors; providing that provisions of the Act do not limit the right of certain individuals to practice certain occupations; establishing the Genetic Counseling Advisory Committee within the Board; requiring individuals, on or after January 1, 2024, to be licensed by the Board as genetic counselors before practicing genetic counseling in the State; requiring the Board to issue a supervised genetic counselor license to certain applicants on or after January 1, 2024; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Procurement – Prevailing Wage – Applicability. Description: Altering a certain limitation on the applicability of the Prevailing Wage Law to the construction of a public work for which 25%, rather than 50%, or more of the money used for construction is State money; altering the applicability of the Prevailing Wage Law to public work contracts by reducing the contract threshold amount from $500,000 to $250,000; applying the Act only to a public work contract executed on or after October 1, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Alcoholic Beverages - Board of License Commissioners - Qualifications. Description: Requiring that each member of the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore County be a resident and voter of Baltimore County.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education – Richard W. Collins III Leadership With Honor Scholarship – Bowie State. Description: Requiring the Office of Student Financial Assistance within the Maryland Higher Education Commission to award at least 25% of annual grant money from the Richard W. Collins III Leadership With Honor Scholarship to students at Bowie State University.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health – Mental and Emotional Disorders – Consent (Mental Health Access Initiative). Description: Altering the minimum age, from 16 years to 12 years, at which a minor has the same capacity as an adult to consent to consultation, diagnosis, and certain treatment of a mental or emotional disorder by a health care provider or clinic; and providing that a health care provider may decide to provide certain information to a certain parent, guardian, or custodian under certain provisions of law unless the health care provider believes that the disclosure will lead to harm to the minor or deter the minor from seeking care.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Law Enforcement Officers - Prohibition on Sexual Activity. Description: Prohibiting a law enforcement officer from engaging in certain sexual acts, sexual contact, or vaginal intercourse with a person who is a victim, witness, or suspect in an open investigation that the officer is conducting, supervising, or assisting with if the officer knew or should have known that the person is a victim, witness, or suspect, is requesting assistance from or responding to the law enforcement officer in the course of the officer's official duties, or is in the custody of the officer; establishing certain exceptions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Use of Gaming Proceeds - Studies. Description: Requiring certain units of State government, in coordination with the State Lottery and Gaming Control Agency, to conduct certain studies on the distribution and use of local impact grants, the use of the Problem Gambling Fund, and the use of video lottery proceeds distributed to the Small, Minority, and Women-Owned Business Account; and requiring certain units of State government to report their findings to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Crimes - Mitigation and Defense - Race, Color, National Origin, Sex, Gender Identity, or Sexual Orientation. Description: Establishing that the discovery or perception of, or belief about, another person's race, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, or sexual orientation, whether or not accurate, does not constitute legally adequate provocation to mitigate a killing from the crime of murder to manslaughter; and establishing that a certain discovery or perception of, or belief about, another person's race, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, or sexual orientation is not a defense to the crime of assault in any degree.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Living Organ Donors. Description: Increasing, from $7,500 to $10,000, the amount of a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for certain expenses paid or incurred by an individual that are attributable to the individual's donation of an organ; altering the definition of "qualified expenses" for purposes of the subtraction modification to include unreimbursed expenses for child care, elder care, and medication; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Department of Information Technology - Cybersecurity. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Information Technology, in consultation with the Attorney General, to advise and oversee a consistent cybersecurity strategy for units of State government, including institutions under the control of the governing boards of certain public institutions; requiring the Secretary to consult with the Legislative and Judicial branches on a cybersecurity strategy; requiring the Secretary, in consultation with the Attorney General, to develop guidance on consistent cybersecurity strategies; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland - Property Management - Southern Maryland Regional Agricultural Center. Description: Authorizing the Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland to act as a property manager of the Southern Maryland Regional Agricultural Center.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health – Maryland Commission on Health Equity (The Shirley Nathan–Pulliam Health Equity Act of 2021). Description: Requiring the State designated exchange to participate in a certain advisory committee, maintain a certain data set, and provide data under certain circumstances; authorizing the State designated exchange to use certain data to improve outcomes for patients; establishing the Maryland Commission on Health Equity to employ a health equity framework by taking a collaborative approach to improve health outcomes and reduce health inequities in the State and incorporating health considerations into broad-based decision making; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Legislative Department - Eligibility to Serve as Senators and Delegates - Place of Abode. Description: Proposing an amendment to the Maryland Constitution to establish that, beginning on January 1, 2024, a person is eligible to serve as a Senator or Delegate if the person has maintained a primary place of abode for 6 months preceding the date of the election in the district that the person has been chosen to represent; and submitting the amendment to the qualified voters of the State for their adoption or rejection.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Psychiatrist and Psychiatric Nurse Practitioner Telemedicine Reimbursement - Sunset Termination. Description: Repealing the termination provisions for certain provisions of law relating to the eligibility of psychiatrists and psychiatric nurse practitioners who provide Assertive Community Treatment or mobile treatment services to Maryland Medical Assistance Program recipients in a home or community-based setting through telemedicine to receive reimbursement for the health care services from the Program.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law – Child Custody and Visitation. Description: Requiring a court, in a custody or visitation proceeding, to deny custody or visitation rights to a certain party if the court finds by a preponderance of the evidence that a child has been abused or neglected by the party, unless the court specifically finds that there is no likelihood of further child abuse or neglect by the party and states the reasons for the finding; authorizing the court to approve a supervised visitation arrangement under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Major Information Technology Development Project Fund – Use of Funds. Description: Requiring that certain money paid into the Major Information Technology Development Fund shall be used to support a certain State telecommunication and computer network and the Statewide Public Safety Interoperability Radio System; and authorizing the Secretary of Information Technology to determine the portion of certain funds that may be allocated to each program.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Debt - Annuity Bond Fund - Use of Bond Premiums. Description: Expanding the authorized use of certain premiums transferred to the Annuity Bond Fund from the sale of State bonds to include paying for capital projects and, if necessary or appropriate from time to time to comply with the requirements of the Internal Revenue Code, any other use authorized by the Internal Revenue Code.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Buildings – Changing Facilities – Requirements. Description: Requiring, except under certain circumstances, that a changing facility suitable for changing the diaper of a child and providing personal care for an adult be installed in certain public restrooms in certain public buildings by October 1, 2022; requiring certain entities to report to 2-1-1 Maryland, Inc., the location of changing facilities when changing facilities are installed; requiring 2-1-1 Maryland, Inc., to maintain a list of changing facilities on its website; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity - Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard - Tier 2 Renewable Sources, Qualifying Biomass, and Compliance Fees. Description: Altering the renewable energy portfolio standard for 2021 through 2030 and later; extending eligibility of certain Tier 2 renewable sources for purposes of the renewable energy portfolio standard in certain years; altering the compliance fee for a shortfall from the required percentage of energy from certain Tier 1 renewable sources for the renewable energy portfolio standard in certain years; altering the definition of "qualifying biomass" for certain purposes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Housing and Community Development - Office of Statewide Broadband - Established (Digital Connectivity Act of 2021). Description: Establishing the Office of Statewide Broadband in the Department of Housing and Community Development to ensure that every resident of the State is supported by high-quality, affordable broadband Internet service and has the tools necessary to take advantage of the Internet; requiring the Office to develop, by July 1, 2022, a statewide plan to ensure that all State residents have the ability to connect to reliable broadband Internet by December 31, 2026; establishing the Digital Inclusion Fund to support capacity building in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services – Paramedics – Vaccination Administration. Description: Authorizing a paramedic to administer certain immunizations and skin testing to certain ambulance service personnel under certain circumstances; authorizing a paramedic to administer influenza and 2019CoV immunizations if the immunizations are under the direction of a certain physician and authorized by the Maryland Institute for Emergency Medical Services Systems, part of a certain outreach effort, and provided in accordance with a certain written agreement; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cybersecurity Coordination and Operations - Establishment and Reporting. Description: Establishing the Office of Security Management within the Department of Information Technology, certain Office positions, and the Maryland Cybersecurity Coordinating Council; requiring, by December 1 each year, each unit of the Legislative or Judicial Branch of State government, each unit of local government, and any local agencies that use a certain network to certify to the Department that the unit is in compliance with the Department's minimum security standards; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Body-Worn Cameras, Employee Programs, and Use of Force. Description: Requiring certain law enforcement agencies to require the use of body-worn cameras by July 1, 2023, for each law enforcement officer that regularly interacts with the public; requiring a certain body-worn camera to automatically record and save at least 60 seconds of video footage immediately prior to the officer activating the record button; requiring each law enforcement agency to establish a certain system to identify police officers who are at risk of using excessive force and to provide appropriate responses to reduce the risks; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Employee Assistance Programs and Early Intervention Programs. Description: Altering a certain provision of law requiring each law enforcement agency to establish an early intervention policy to instead require a system to identify police officers who are at risk of engaging in the use of excessive force and to provide the officers with training or other methods to reduce the risk of the use of excessive force; requiring each law enforcement agency to provide confidential access to assistance programs to address the mental health issues of police officers stemming from personal and work-related concerns; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Energy Efficiency - Net-Zero Homes - Contract Preferences. Description: Requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to give preference to applications for funding for a net-zero home from the Energy-Efficient Homes Construction Fund that will use the services of small, minority, women-owned, and veteran-owned businesses in the clean energy industry, particularly those businesses that provide employment for individuals trained through workforce development programs supported by the Strategic Energy Investment Fund and the Clean Energy Workforce Account.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Institute for Emergency Medical Services Systems - Administration of Ketamine - Data Collection. Description: Requiring the Maryland Emergency Medical Services Systems to collect certain data on the administration of ketamine to individuals by emergency medical services providers; requiring the Maryland Institute for Emergency Medical Services Systems to report certain data to the General Assembly, the President of the Senate, the Speaker of the House, the Senate Judicial Proceedings Committee, and the House Judiciary Committee by December 1, 2022, and each December 1 thereafter; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity – Change of Address – Maintenance of Subscriptions and Contracts. Description: Authorizing a subscriber to a community solar energy generating system who has a change in the service address associated with the subscription to maintain the subscription if the new address is in the same electric territory; prohibiting an electric company or a subscription organization from terminating a subscriber's subscription due to a change of a certain address under certain circumstances; requiring an electric company to make certain changes to accommodate a subscriber's change of address under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Alterations. Description: Altering the title of the Executive Director of the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation; increasing the membership of the Board of the Maryland Technology Development Corporation from 15 to 19 members; requiring that at least one of the two Board members representing colleges and universities represent an historically black college or university, with a certain exception; authorizing the publisher of the Annotated Code of Maryland to make certain changes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Southern Maryland Rapid Transit Project - Funding. Description: Requiring the State Department of Transportation to undertake promptly all steps necessary to complete the design, engineering, and National Environmental Policy Act process and secure a record of decision for the Southern Maryland Rapid Transit Project; requiring the Governor to include in the annual State budget in each of fiscal years 2023 through 2027 an appropriation from the Transportation Trust Fund of at least $5,000,000, contingent on the receipt of federal funds to provide matching funds for a certain environmental impact study; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, and Speech-Language Pathologists - Maryland Music Therapists Act. Description: Renaming the State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, and Speech-Language Pathologists to be the State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, Speech-Language Pathologists, and Music Therapists; requiring that two licensed music therapists with at least 5 years' paid work experience be added to the Board; requiring the Board to adopt a code of ethics for the practice of music therapy; authorizing the Board to facilitate the statewide dissemination of music therapy information to music therapists; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Utility Regulation - Consideration of Climate and Labor. Description: Requiring the Secretary of the Environment to prepare a certain recommendation in connection with certain issues considered by the Public Service Commission; requiring the Secretary of Natural Resources to incorporate an evaluation of the impact of certain electric power plants on climate change into the Power Plant Research Program; requiring the Commission to consider the maintenance of fair and stable labor standards and the protection of the global climate in supervising and regulating certain public service companies; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pharmacists – Administration of Self–Administered Medications and Maintenance Injectable Medications (Christopher King Access to Treatment Act). Description: Authorizing a pharmacist who meets certain requirements to administer maintenance injectable medications to a patient under certain circumstances; requiring the State Board of Pharmacy, by September 1, 2021, and in consultation with the State Board of Physicians and the State Board of Nursing, to adopt regulations establishing standard procedures; requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program and the Maryland Children's Health Program to provide certain coverage for the administering of certain medications by a licensed pharmacist; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Creating Governor's Office of Immigrant Affairs. Description: Creating the Governor's Office of Immigrant Affairs, subject to the availability of funding, to establish a network of neighborhood-based centers providing immigrant services, assist law enforcement in combatting crimes against immigrants, and promote civic and economic participation among immigrants; requiring the Director to submit a report to the Governor and the General Assembly by June 15 each year describing calls received by the Office, the number of immigrants assisted, and all other relevant information; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Education – Changes to Mandatory Education Requirements. Description: Increasing, from 120 to 240, the number of required days for a certain mandatory education program for correctional institutions in the Division of Correction.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax - Credits for Preceptors in Areas With Health Care Workforce Shortages - Eligibility and Sunset Repeal. Description: Reducing, from 160 to 100 hours, the number of training hours that a licensed physician is required to perform in a preceptor program rotation in order to qualify for a certain credit against the State income tax; clarifying the issuance of a credit certificate in certain preceptorship programs; repealing the termination date for certain credits against the State income tax for certain individuals who serve as preceptors in certain preceptorship programs and work in areas of the State with health care workforce shortages; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Occupations and Professions - Architects - Scope of Licensure. Description: Increasing, from $5,000 to $25,000, the maximum estimated cost in labor and materials for the alteration of a certain existing building or structure for which a person is not required to employ a licensed architect under certain circumstances; and altering the circumstances under which a person is not required to employ a licensed architect.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health – Behavioral Health Programs and Health Care Facilities – Safety and Community Relations Plans. Description: Requiring that the regulations adopted by the Behavioral Health Administration governing the licensure of behavioral health programs include a requirement that a certain program establish and implement a safety plan for the safety of the individuals in the program before being issued a license; requiring a behavioral health program to submit a certain community relations plan; providing that a facility may satisfy certain requirements by implementing a safety plan established for another purpose, including an emergency plan; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Podiatric Medical Examiners - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Podiatric Medical Examiners in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2032, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on Oral Health in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Oral Health in Maryland to study access to dental services for all State residents, identify areas lacking in dental services for a significant number of people, identify barriers to receiving services, analyze the impact of barriers, assess options to eliminate barriers, and make recommendations on methods to increase access to dental services; requiring the Task Force to submit an interim report by May 1, 2022, and a final report by December 1, 2022, to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Credits for Preceptors in Areas With Health Care Workforce Shortages. Description: Requiring that a licensed physician, physician assistant, or nurse practitioner work at least three rotations, with each rotation consisting of 100 hours of community-based clinical training in an area identified as having a health care workforce shortage, in order to qualify for a certain credit against the State income tax; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to issue a tax credit certificate for $1,000 for each student rotation for which certain persons served as preceptors without compensation; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Domestic Animals - Retail Pet Stores and the Task Force to Study Canine Breeding Facilities and Sourcing Standards. Description: Altering the definition of "retail pet store" to include a broker that transfers dogs or cats for resale by another person for purposes of certain provisions of law regulating retail pet stores; clarifying a certain prohibition on the sale of cats or dogs by retail pet stores; establishing the Task Force to Study Canine Breeding Facilities and Sourcing Standards to examine canine breeding practices and make recommendations by December 1, 2021, for any legislative actions needed to create standards for persons selling dogs in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public and Nonpublic Schools - Electric Retractable Room Partitions - Operation Requirements. Description: Prohibiting public and nonpublic school employees from operating an electric retractable room partition in a school except under certain circumstances; requiring any annual safety review, evaluation, or exercise for school employees in a school building to include information and demonstrations regarding the safe operation of the electric retractable room partition; requiring the State Department of Education to develop and disseminate model safety guidelines on the safe operation of electric retractable room partitions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Peace Orders - Workplace Violence. Description: Specifying that certain provisions of law relating to peace orders may not be interpreted to create or impose a duty on a certain employer to file a petition on behalf of a certain employee; making certain provisions of law relating to the filing, issuance, and modification of certain peace orders and to the shielding of certain court records of certain peace order proceedings apply to certain peace orders filed by certain employers on the basis of certain acts committed against certain employees under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Licensing – Good Standing With the State Department of Assessments and Taxation – Requirement. Description: Requiring, before certain licenses or permits are issued or renewed, the issuing authority to verify with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation that the applicant is in good standing with the Department if the applicant is a person required to file an annual report under § 11-101 of the Tax - Property Article.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Secure Maryland Wage Act. Description: Requiring that certain employees working at a heightened security interest location be paid a certain wage for certain periods of time; requiring certain employers to pay certain covered employees a certain supplement benefit rate in a certain manner beginning January 1, 2026; declaring findings of the General Assembly with regard to the ability to attract and retain qualified employees to heightened security locations; specifying that certain provisions of the Act do not diminish certain collective bargaining rights; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Secretary of State - Address Confidentiality Programs - Merger of Programs and Expanded Participant Eligibility. Description: Merging the Address Confidentiality Program and the Human Trafficking Address Confidentiality Program into a single Address Confidentiality Program administered by the Secretary of State; expanding certain eligibility requirements for the Address Confidentiality Program to include certain individuals; repealing the requirement that a request by a Program participant to withdraw from the Address Confidentiality Program be notarized; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Private Passenger Motor Vehicle Liability Insurance - Notices - Alteration of Requirements. Description: Repealing the requirement that a certain notice required to be sent by an insurer that intends to cancel or fail to renew a policy or binder of private passenger motor vehicle liability insurance or reduce coverage under a policy or private passenger motor vehicle liability insurance be in triplicate; and repealing the requirement that a certain notice required to be sent by an insurer that intends to increase the total premium for a policy of private passenger motor vehicle liability insurance be in duplicate.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Care Facilities – Dialysis Treatment Services – Training (David Selby Dialysis Parity Act). Description: Prohibiting a health care facility from providing peritoneal dialysis or hemodialysis treatment services unless the individual performing the dialysis procedure has been trained in the peritoneal dialysis or hemodialysis technique being performed; establishing civil penalties not exceeding $5,000 for each violation of the Act; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to adopt certain regulations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Expungement of Conviction and Subsequent Offender Penalties - Driving While Privilege Is Canceled, Suspended, Refused, or Revoked. Description: Authorizing a person to file a certain petition for expungement if the person is convicted of a certain misdemeanor involving driving while the person's license or privilege to drive is canceled, suspended, refused, or revoked; and providing that a person is subject to a certain enhanced penalty for a subsequent conviction for driving while the person's license or privilege to drive is canceled, suspended, refused, or revoked only in a certain circumstance.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of the Environment - Office of Recycling - Recycling Market Development. Description: Requiring the Office of Recycling in the Department of the Environment to promote the development of markets for recycled materials and recycled products in the State; requiring the Office to evaluate the availability of certain markets and identify businesses in the State that use recycled materials; requiring that the annual Maryland solid waste management and diversion report be submitted to the General Assembly by September 1, 2022, and each year thereafter, and include certain activities; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Warrant Apprehension Unit - Transfer. Description: Transferring the Warrant Apprehension Unit of the Division of Parole and Probation in the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to the Intelligence and Investigative Division in the Department.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Clean Water Commerce Act of 2021. Description: Establishing the Clean Water Commerce Account within the Bay Restoration Fund; requiring the Department of the Environment to transfer $20,000,000 from the Fund to the Account for certain purposes beginning in fiscal year 2022 and each year thereafter; altering the authorized uses of the Fund to include certain transfers to the Account; limiting the uses of the Account to the purchase environmental outcomes in support of the State's efforts to achieve the Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Credit for Reinsurance Model Law - Revisions. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to adopt certain rules and regulations applicable to certain reinsurance arrangements; limiting the application of the rules and regulations to certain reinsurance; providing that the rules and regulations may require a certain insurer to use the manual adopted by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners for a certain purpose; and prohibiting the regulations from applying to certain cessions to certain assuming insurers.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Zoning - Environmental Justice Considerations. Description: Authorizing a local governing body, on receipt of an application for a special exception to construct or operate a permitted facility in an area zoned for residential use, to require the preparation, at the applicant's expense, of a detailed analysis of the environmental and public health impacts of the permitted facility on the surrounding community; requiring the Commission on Environmental Justice and Sustainable Communities to recommend strategies for increasing State support in addressing environmental justice concerns; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Chiropractic Examiners - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Chiropractic Examiners in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2032, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Institutions of Higher Education - Use of Criminal History in Admission - Modifications. Description: Prohibiting an institution of higher education from using certain third-party admissions application information about the criminal background of the applicant to deny admission; altering a certain process in using certain information about an applicant's criminal history to make a determination regarding the applicant's access to campus residency; and authorizing an institution of higher education to develop a process for determining or restricting access to campus residency for certain students convicted of certain crimes.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Apprenticeship and Training Council - Representation. Description: Requiring the Apprenticeship and Training Council and consultants to the Council to include representation by individuals who are Black and Latino.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Inspection of Public Records – Notaries Public – Disclosure of Home Address and Phone Number. Description: Providing that a custodian of a public record is required to disclose the home address or home telephone number of a notary public only if the custodian has not been provided with the business address or business telephone number of the notary public.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation – Battery–Charged Fence Security Systems – Regulation. Description: Authorizing a local government to require that certain persons who provide battery-charged fence security systems comply with certain laws, require certain persons who operate or install certain security systems to obtain certain registrations or permits, require a certain installer to submit a certain affidavit, and conduct a certain inspection; authorizing a local government to issue a citation for noncompliance and impose a fine of $500 if a system is not made compliant; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Transit Administration – Conversion to Zero–Emission Buses (Zero–Emission Bus Transition Act). Description: Prohibiting, beginning in fiscal year 2023, the Maryland Transit Administration from purchasing buses for the Administration's State transit bus fleet that are not zero-emission buses, subject to a certain exception; authorizing the Administration to purchase alternative-fuel buses under certain circumstances; requiring the Administration, on or before January 1, 2022, and each January 1 thereafter, to submit a report to certain committees of the General Assembly on the implementation of the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Baltimore County Public Library - Collective Bargaining. Description: Authorizing employees of the Baltimore County Public Library to form, join, and participate in an employee organization and engage in certain other activities related to collective bargaining; authorizing an employee organization seeking certification as the exclusive representative for the bargaining unit of employees to file a petition with the Director indicating this intent; specifying the responsibilities of the library and the certified exclusive representative; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Interstate Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact. Description: Entering into the Interstate Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact; stating the purpose of the Compact; requiring a state to meet certain requirements to participate in the Compact; establishing certain duties of member states; authorizing a certain state to charge a certain fee for granting a certain compact privilege; requiring certain occupational therapists or occupational therapy assistants to meet certain eligibility requirements to receive certain licensure and exercise a certain privilege; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Transportation - Grant Anticipation Revenue Vehicle Bonds - Calculation of Debt Limit. Description: Altering the calculation of the maximum amount of debt secured by future federal aid that the Department of Transportation may issue; providing that the maximum amount of debt that may be issued is calculated as of June 30 of any year; and providing that the proceeds from the issuance of certain debt may be used only for certain purposes.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Commercial Motor Carriers - Safety, Inspection, Performance, and Insurance Information (James Cohran's Law). Description: Requiring certain employers of commercial motor vehicle drivers to provide the U.S. Department of Transportation number of any entity currently owned by the employer and website address for the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration's Safety and Fitness Records (SAFER) System to a prospective employee driver on a bona fide offer of employment; and providing certain civil penalties.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Public Accountancy – Education Requirements – Obsolete References. Description: Updating and correcting obsolete references to certain educational institution accrediting bodies in the Maryland Public Accountancy Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle Recharging Equipment for Multifamily Units Act. Description: Providing that certain provisions of a recorded covenant or restriction, a declaration, or the bylaws or rules of a condominium or homeowners association are void and unenforceable if they prohibit or unreasonably restrict the installation or use of electric vehicle recharging equipment; requiring certain owners of electric vehicle recharging equipment to be responsible for certain costs and disclosures; requiring a unit owner or lot owner to obtain certain permits or approval; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Preventing or Interfering With Report of Suspected Sexual Abuse of a Child - Statute of Limitations. Description: Altering the statute of limitations for a violation of the prohibition on preventing or interfering with the making of a certain report of suspected sexual abuse of a child; and providing that a person who violates the prohibition on preventing or interfering with the making of a certain report of suspected sexual abuse of a child may reserve a point or question for in banc review.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Juvenile Services – Deputy Secretaries. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of Juvenile Services to appoint an additional deputy secretary as necessary under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Application of Premium Tax - Continued Exclusion of Maryland Automobile Insurance Fund. Description: Repealing a certain termination provision for the purpose of continuing the exclusion of the Maryland Automobile Insurance Fund from the list of insurance companies and other persons that are subject to a certain premium tax.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Board of Education - Membership and Election of Officers. Description: Altering the number of members serving on the Baltimore County Board of Education; requiring the Baltimore County Executive to appoint one member of the county board within a certain period of time; requiring the Baltimore County School Board Nominating Commission to recommend county board nominees to the County Executive; requiring the County Executive to appoint a member of the county board from a list provided by the Commission; altering the number of votes required for the members of the county board to elect a chair and vice chair; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Crimes - Indecent Exposure - Definition. Description: Defining the term "indecent exposure" to establish that the offense of indecent exposure prohibits a person from engaging in a certain act of masturbation in public.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard - Municipal Electric Utilities. Description: Setting the renewable energy portfolio standard for municipal electric utilities for 2021 and later.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Residential Tenants - Access to Counsel. Description: Establishing that certain procedural notice requirements must be fulfilled prior to the filing of a complaint by a landlord or a landlord's agent for the repossession of residential rental property for failure to pay rent; establishing that certain individuals shall have access to legal representation in eviction proceedings; establishing the Access to Counsel in Evictions Program to direct services to provide covered individuals with legal representation; establishing an Access to Counsel in Evictions Task Force; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Tuition Exemption for Foster Care Recipients and Homeless Youth - Alterations and Reports. Description: Repealing a certain provision of law requiring a financial aid administrator to verify certain information under certain circumstances; altering the method by which a financial administrator at a public institution of higher education is required to verify that a certain youth is a homeless youth; providing that a certain youth who receives a tuition exemption is entitled to priority consideration for on-campus housing; requiring a certain public institution to designate a certain homeless and foster student liaison; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Law Enforcement - Veterinary Care of Retired Law Enforcement K-9s Act. Description: Requiring certain State and local law enforcement agencies to reimburse individuals who take possession of dogs formerly used in law enforcement work under certain circumstances for reasonable and necessary veterinary treatment; specifying that the reimbursement may be only for certain veterinary treatment and may not exceed $2,500 during a calendar year and $10,000 over the life of the dog; authorizing certain State law enforcement agencies to accept public donations for the payment of certain veterinary expenses; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Government - Humane Society and Animal Control Officers - Education and Training Requirements. Description: Requiring a new officer of a humane society or animal control to receive at least 80 hours of training approved by the appropriate unit of a county or municipality within the first 12 months of employment; requiring an officer of a humane society or animal control to complete at least 6 hours of approved continuing education every year; requiring the training and continuing education to include instruction on certain matters; and authorizing the appropriate unit to require training in addition to that which is specified in the Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Cybersecurity Investment Incentive Tax Credit Program - Expansion, Extension, and Study. Description: Altering the Cybersecurity Investment Incentive Tax Credit program in the Department of Commerce to be the Innovation Investment Incentive Tax Credit program; providing that the purpose of the program is to foster the growth of Maryland's technology sectors; expanding the tax credit to include investments in certain technology companies; prohibiting the Department from certifying eligibility for tax credits for investments in a single technology sector in excess of 25% of a certain amount in any fiscal year; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Doula Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Maryland Medical Assistance Program Doula Pilot Program to be administered by the Maryland Department of Health and to  provide doula services to program recipients in Baltimore City, Charles County, and Prince George's County who are pregnant or postpartum; requiring the Department to evaluate the effectiveness of the Pilot Program and to report by June 1, 2023, 2024, and 2025, to the Governor and General Assembly on the implementation of the Pilot Program and whether the State should expand the Pilot Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Veterans - Behavioral Health Services - Mental Health First Aid. Description: Requiring that the behavioral health services for which the Maryland Department of Health provides service coordination for veterans under certain provisions of law include mental health first aid; requiring that mental health first aid consist of training for veterans and the immediate family members of veterans on how to identify and respond to signs of mental illness and substance use disorders; requiring entities teaching a mental health first aid course to report certain information to the Department; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Social Work Examiners – Temporary License to Practice Social Work. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Social Work Examiners to issue a temporary license to practice social work to certain applicants who meet certain requirements; providing that a temporary license authorizes the holder to practice social work only under the supervision of a Board-approved supervisor while the license is effective; providing that a temporary license is valid until the earlier of notification of permanent licensure or 1 year after the date on which the temporary license was issued; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Health - Maryland Suicide Fatality Review Committee. Description: Establishing the Maryland Suicide Fatality Review Committee, also referred to as the State team, to identify and address the factors contributing to suicide deaths and facilitate system changes in the State to prevent suicides; requiring the State team to meet at least quarterly each year, report at least annually to the Governor and the General Assembly, perform certain annual studies, and disseminate certain findings and recommendations to policymakers, health care providers, health care facilities, and the public; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation-Related Property - Prohibited Acts and Enforcement. Description: Prohibiting persons without lawful authority from willfully altering, disconnecting, tampering with, removing, or otherwise interfering with certain transportation-related property or an intelligent transportation system; and establishing penalties for a first offense of imprisonment not exceeding 6 months or a fine not exceeding $1,500, or both, and for a second or subsequent offense of imprisonment not exceeding 18 months or a fine not exceeding $5,000, or both.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Commission on Civil Rights - Employment Discrimination - Reporting. Description: Requiring the Maryland Commission on Civil Rights to include a review of certain data and recommendations, if any, for policy changes to address discriminatory trends noted in the data in its annual report; requiring certain county offices of civil rights, or other appropriate agencies, to report certain information relating to complaints of employment discrimination to the Commission; making the reporting requirement applicable only in certain counties; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Equity Resource Act. Description: Establishing a Pathways to Health Equity Program in the Community Health Resources Commission to provide the foundation and guidance for a permanent Health Equity Resource Community program; requiring the Program to provide grant funding to reduce health disparities, improve health outcomes, improve access to primary care, promote primary and secondary prevention services, and reduce health care costs; requiring the Commission to establish Health Equity Resource Communities to target State resources to certain areas for certain purposes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Procurement - Performance and Payment Security - Requirements and Limitations. Description: Prohibiting the Board of Public Works from requiring a contractor to furnish certain guarantees before an energy performance contract is ratified; and requiring certain performance bonds, payment bonds, and other securities to be provided at the time of contract ratification.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Search Warrants and Inspection of Records Relating to Police Misconduct (Anton's Law). Description: Requiring that an application for a certain no-knock search warrant be approved in writing by a police supervisor and the State's Attorney;  requiring a certain no-knock search warrant to be executed between 8:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m., absent exigent circumstances; requiring a certain custodian to allow inspection of certain records by certain persons; providing that a record relating to an administrative or criminal investigation of misconduct by a police officer is not a personnel record for certain purposes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Funeral Establishments and Crematories – Unclaimed Cremains of Veterans – Notification, Disposition, and Reporting. Description: Specifying that the purpose for which licensed funeral establishments and holders of certain permits are authorized to transfer unclaimed cremains of a veteran or an eligible dependent to a veterans service organization under certain circumstances is for the appropriate disposition of the cremains; requiring a funeral establishment or crematory to transfer certain cremains to the Department of Veterans Affairs for the purpose of the appropriate disposition of the cremains; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Trade Name Certificates - Requirements. Description: Requiring that a certain certificate filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation disclose an identification number assigned by the Department for the business associated with the certificate.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Transit Administration – Reduced Fare Program for Opioid Treatment Program Patients – Program Requirements. Description: Altering the application of the Maryland Transit Administration's reduced fare program for opioid treatment program patients by prohibiting participation by a treatment program that was subject to a license suspension or revocation, approval of a settlement agreement establishing specific conditions for continued program operations, or an approved petition for receivership within the previous 10 years.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Security Questions and Measures. Description: Requiring a financial institution that requires a customer to provide an answer to a security question in connection with the provision of an account to allow a customer to choose from at least two security questions options for each required security question; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Job Creation Tax Credit – Credit for Hiring Veterans. Description: Expanding eligibility under the job creation tax credit program administered by the Department of Commerce to include certain small businesses that hire at least one qualified veteran employee; providing for the calculation of the credit for qualified business entities that hire qualified veteran employees under certain circumstances; extending for 5 years the termination date applicable to the program; repealing provisions of law authorizing an income tax credit for wages paid to qualified veteran employees; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Forensic Genetic Genealogical DNA Analysis, Searching, Regulation, and Oversight. Description: Establishing that a certain forensic genetic genealogical DNA analysis and search may not be initiated without certifying certain information before a court and obtaining a certain authorization from the court; requiring a court to authorize the initiation of a certain forensic genetic genealogical DNA analysis and search if certain information is certified before the court; prohibiting certain biological samples subjected to a certain analysis to be used to determine certain information about a certain donor; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Firearms – Right to Purchase, Possess, and Carry – Use of Medical Cannabis. Description: Providing that a person may not be denied the right to purchase, possess, or carry a firearm solely on the basis that the person is authorized to use medical cannabis.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cemeteries - Perpetual Care - Distribution From Perpetual Care Trust Fund. Description: Requiring a distribution from a perpetual care trust fund to be used only for the perpetual care of the cemetery; requiring the cemetery to submit a statement to the Director of the Office of Cemetery Oversight if the cemetery selects a certain method of distribution from the trust fund; requiring the Office to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2027, on the number of cemeteries selecting alternative distribution methods, the investment performance of the trust funds, and any legislative recommendations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Research and Development Tax Credit – Alterations. Description: Establishing that the purpose of the Research and Development Tax Credit Program is to foster increased research activities and expenditures in Maryland; increasing the amount of research and development tax credits that the Department of Commerce may approve for applicants that are not small businesses to $8,500,000; requiring the Department of Commerce to reserve $3,500,000 of the total amount of research and development credits that the Department may approve in a calendar year for small businesses; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Organized Killing Contests - Restriction. Description: Prohibiting a person from sponsoring, conducting, or participating in organized contests that have the objective of killing a coyote, fox, or raccoon for prizes or monetary awards except under certain circumstances; and establishing a fine of $100 for each coyote, fox, or raccoon killed in violation of the Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Expungement of Records. Description: Requiring the expungement of certain records 3 years after a disposition of the charge if no charge in the case resulted in a disposition other than acquittal, dismissal, not guilty, or nolle prosequi, except nolle prosequi with a requirement of drug or alcohol treatment; requiring a court to send a certain notice; requiring a court to notify a certain defendant of certain information relating to expungement; requiring a court to mail a certain written form to a certain defendant; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax Credit – Wineries and Vineyards – Sunset Extension. Description: Extending the termination for a credit against the State income tax for certain expenses related to certain wineries and vineyards in the State to June 30, 2026.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Care Facilities - Assisted Living Programs - Requirements for Alzheimer's Special Care Units and Regulations. Description: Requiring that the Maryland Department of Health establish training and staffing requirements for Alzheimer's special care units in assisted living programs to include the number of dementia-specific training hours needed, determine the topic content for 
dementia-specific training, and require staff numbers sufficient to meet the need of residents in special care units; and requiring the Department to convene certain stakeholders to make revisions to certain regulations and adopt certain regulations by December 1, 2022.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Sale or Delivery for Off-Premises Consumption. Description: Altering the scope of a certain provision prohibiting the retail delivery to a purchaser of alcoholic beverages under certain circumstances; providing that certain authorization for the holders of certain licenses to sell alcoholic beverages for off-premises consumption in a certain manner applies only in a jurisdiction where the local licensing board had adopted certain regulations; authorizing the holders of certain licenses to sell certain alcoholic beverages in sealed containers for off-premises consumption or delivery; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Collection Agency Licensing Board - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Collection Agency Licensing Board in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2032, the termination provisions relating to certain statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Manufacturers and Dealers – Prices Listed on Dealer Websites. Description: Providing that a manufacturer, distributor, or factory branch may not prohibit a dealer from listing on the dealer's website a vehicle for sale or lease at the purchase price, coerce or require a dealer to list a price different from the purchase price on the dealer's website, or take an adverse action against a dealer for listing a vehicle at a particular price on the dealer's website; and defining "purchase price" as the full delivered price of a vehicle, excluding taxes, title fees, and certain other dealer charges.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Notaries Public - Official Stamp of a Notary Public. Description: Requiring certain county residence or qualification information of a notary public to be printed on a certain notary stamp; and repealing the requirement that certain jurisdiction information be printed on a certain notary stamp.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Birth Registration - Gestational Carriers. Description: Requiring a certain person to attach a copy of an order of the court establishing parentage to a certificate of birth under certain circumstances; requiring, for a birth involving a gestational carrier in which parentage is determined by a certain court, that a certain person enter certain information on the forms provided by the Secretary of Health and attach a certain order to the forms; requiring the Division of Vital Records to immediately take certain actions on receipt of certain documents; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Child Tax Credit and Expansion of the Earned Income Credit. Description: Altering the calculation of the Maryland earned income credit to allow certain residents to claim the credit; allowing certain taxpayers with federal adjusted gross income for the taxable year that is $6,000 or less to claim a credit against the State income tax for each qualified child in an amount equal to $500; allowing certain taxpayers to claim a refund in the amount of any excess credit; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019, but before January 1, 2023; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions – Commissioner of Financial Regulation – Money Transmissions. Description: Establishing licensing requirements for certain money transmission locations; altering certain net worth requirements for certain applicants for a license to engage in money transmission; requiring an applicant for a license to engage in money transmission to provide the address of each self-service financial kiosk in a certain application; specifying a $500 licensing fee that an applicant for a branch location license is required to pay; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Hate Crimes - Protected Groups and Penalties. Description: Altering the term "sexual orientation" in the context of hate crimes; including gender identity in the list of characteristics on the basis of which a person may not commit certain acts; authorizing a court to require an offender convicted of hate crimes to complete an antibias education program in addition to any other penalties imposed; requiring the University System of Maryland to manage the development of an antibias education program by January 1, 2023; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juveniles Charged as Adults – Study and Confinement. Description: Repealing certain provisions requiring certain courts exercising criminal jurisdiction in certain cases involving a child to order the child to be held in a secure juvenile facility pending a certain determination; requiring a certain child to be held in a secure juvenile facility and prohibiting the child from having sight or sound contact with adult inmates while the child is awaiting trial; requiring, rather than authorizing, certain courts to order that a certain study of a child be made under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Correctional Facilities – Voter Registration and Voting. Description: Requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to provide each individual who is released from a correctional facility with a voter registration application and documentation informing the individual that the individual's voting rights have been restored; requiring the State Board of Elections to adopt certain regulations establishing a program to inform eligible voters incarcerated in correctional facilities of upcoming elections and how to exercise the right to vote; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 45th District - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B-D-7 License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a Class B-D-7 license in the 4800 block of Harford Road in the 45th alcoholic beverages district if the applicant meets certain requirements.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Insurance Administration - Delivery of Notices and Other Communications by Electronic Means. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to send certain notices and communications by electronic means under certain circumstances; authorizing, under certain circumstances, a certain person to send to the Commissioner certain notices and communications by electronic means approved by the Commissioner; prohibiting the Commissioner from requiring a person who is not licensed, certified, or otherwise regulated by the Commissioner to send certain notices and communications by electronic means to the Commissioner; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Water Pollution - Stormwater Management Regulations and Watershed Implementation Plans - Review and Update. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to update certain stormwater management regulations at least once every 5 years to incorporate certain updated precipitation data; requiring the Department to review and update certain regulations in a certain manner; requiring the Department to report to the General Assembly on the most recent precipitation data and the Department's plans for updating water quantity control standards for watersheds where flooding events occurred on or after January 1, 2000; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety – Pretrial Services Program Grant Fund – Extension and Program Requirements. Description: Prohibiting a pretrial services program that receives a certain grant from charging a fee to a defendant for participation in the program; and extending the termination date of the Pretrial Services Program Grant Fund to June 30, 2028.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Personal Information - State and Local Agencies - Restrictions on Access (Maryland Driver Privacy Act). Description: Requiring an officer, an employee, an agent, or a contractor of the State or a political subdivision to deny inspection by a federal agency seeking access for certain immigration enforcement matters of the part of a public record that contains personal information or a certain photographic image unless a warrant is provided; requiring law enforcement agencies operating certain databases to require certain individuals accessing the databases to provide certain information; requiring a certain annual report to the General Assembly; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Information Technology Development Project Fund – Sources of Revenue. Description: Repealing the requirement that certain revenues received and collected by the Maryland Department of Transportation be distributed to the Maryland Information Technology Development Project Fund; and altering the sources of revenue for the Fund to exclude money received by the Department of Transportation.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Funding Accountability and Transparency Act - Nonbudgeted State Agencies. Description: Altering the Maryland Funding Accountability and Transparency Act to require the Department of Information Technology to include in a searchable website payments made by units of State government that receive funds that are not appropriated in the annual budget bill; requiring the Department to update the payment data on the searchable website on or before the 15th day of the month that follows the month in which an agency makes a payment to a payee; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education - Senatorial Scholarships - Program Accreditation. Description: Authorizing each Senator to award not more than 10% of funds available under the Senatorial Scholarship Program to applicants planning to attend certain accredited institutions outside the State, provided that the applicant will be studying in an academic area that is not offered in an accredited program in any institution in the State.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Sexual Crimes - Fourth Degree Sexual Offense and Spousal Defense. Description: Altering the definition of "sexual contact"; and repealing a certain prohibition on prosecuting a person for rape or a certain sexual offense against a victim who was the person's legal spouse at the time of the alleged rape or sexual offense.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commissioner of Financial Regulation - Licensing of Nondepository Institutions - Elimination of Paper License Requirements. Description: Providing for the elimination of certain paper licenses for collection agencies, credit services, lenders, installment lenders, mortgage lenders, mortgage loan originators, sales finance companies, check cashing services, money transmission businesses, and debt management services; providing for the licensing of certain persons for certain activities through the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry (NMLS); requiring that certain licenses provided for through NMLS include certain information; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Arts and Entertainment Districts – Artistic Work and Arts and Entertainment Enterprise – Definitions. Description: Altering the definitions of "artistic work" and "arts and entertainment enterprise" for purposes of provisions of law governing the State arts and entertainment district program; altering the eligibility for certain persons to claim certain tax incentives; and applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax – Vendor Collection Credit – Job Training. Description: Authorizing certain vendors who are qualified job training organizations to claim a credit for the expense of collecting and paying the sales and use tax; prohibiting, for any calendar year, the total amount of credits a vendor may claim from exceeding $100,000; requiring a vendor to be certified as a qualified job training organization before claiming a certain credit; authorizing a vendor to submit an application to the Secretary of Labor to be certified as a qualified job training organization; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Property Tax Credit for Business Entities - State of Emergency. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Anne Arundel County to grant, by law, a tax credit against the county property tax imposed on real or personal property owned or leased by a business entity affected by a state of emergency declared under Title 14 of the Public Safety Article; authorizing the governing body of Anne Arundel County to provide for the amount and duration of the credit, the eligibility criteria, and the regulations and application process for the credit; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after June 30, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Information Technology - Study of a Common Information Technology Platform for Health Occupations Boards. Description: Requiring the Department of Information Technology to conduct a certain review of certain information technology platforms used by certain health occupations boards and make certain recommendations on the feasibility and cost of developing a certain common information technology platform; and requiring the Department to report certain findings and recommendations to the Senate Education, Health, and Environmental Affairs Committee and the House Health and Government Operations Committee on or before December 1, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Real Estate Investment Trusts - Miscellaneous. Description: Clarifying that the charter or bylaws of a corporation may require that any internal corporate claim be brought only in certain specified courts; repealing the authority of certain corporations to effect a certain reverse stock split; altering the manner in which a corporation may allow stockholders to participate in a certain meeting; authorizing a certain meeting of the stockholders to be held partially or solely by means of remote communication; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Maryland Revised Uniform Anatomical Gift Act - Revisions. Description: Authorizing a person who chooses to be an organ donor on or after July 1, 2022, to designate if the anatomical gift is to be used for certain purposes; requiring the Organ Procurement Organization or its designee to produce and provide to each Motor Vehicle Administration location educational materials that include definitions of anatomical gift, research and education, and transplantation and therapy; requiring that a gift registered before July 1, 2022, may be used only for transplantation or therapy; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Law – Investigation of Suspected Child Abuse and Neglect – Preliminary Report to State’s Attorney. Description: Repealing a requirement that a local department of social services or law enforcement agency provide a local State's Attorney with a report of the preliminary findings of an investigation of suspected child abuse or neglect within 10 days after receiving notice of suspected child abuse or neglect.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sexual Abuse of a Minor - Crime of Violence and Lifetime Supervision. Description: Altering the list of crimes included within a certain definition of "crime of violence" to include sexual abuse of a minor if the offender is at least 21 years old and the victim is under the age of 16 years; requiring a sentence for certain persons convicted of a certain sexual abuse crime to include a term of lifetime sexual offender supervision; and providing for the prospective application of the Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax Exemption - Disabled Active Duty Service Members, Disabled Veterans, and Surviving Spouses - Refund. Description: Requiring the State, a county, or a municipal corporation to pay a certain refund to a disabled active duty service member, disabled veteran, or surviving spouse under certain circumstances; requiring the State, a county, or a municipal corporation to pay interest on the refund under certain circumstances; and applying the Act to taxable years beginning after June 30, 2018.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health – Residential Service Agencies – Training Requirements. Description: Requiring each residential service agency, beginning July 1, 2022, to ensure that within 45 days of the start of employment individuals receive training relating to dementia; providing that certain training may be provided by a certain supervisory staff member; providing that a residential service agency is not required to provide certain individuals certain training under certain circumstances; requiring a person who provides certain training to issue a certification of completion to each individual who completes the training; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Department of Education and Maryland Department of Health - Maryland School-Based Health Center Standards - Telehealth. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education and the Maryland Department of Health to authorize a certain health care practitioner at an approved school-based health center to provide health care services through telehealth under certain circumstances; prohibiting the State Department of Education and the Maryland Department of Health from establishing certain requirements for a certain school-based health center to provide health care services through telehealth; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Commissioner of Financial Regulation - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the office of the Commissioner of Financial Regulation in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2032, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the office of the Commissioner of Financial Regulation.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Prohibition on Testing Cosmetics on Animals. Description: Prohibiting a person from conducting or contracting for animal testing in the development of a cosmetic; prohibiting a manufacturer from selling or offering for sale in the State a cosmetic under certain circumstances beginning July 1, 2022; providing that certain provisions of the Act do not apply to certain animal testing; prohibiting a political subdivision from adopting or enforcing provisions of local law relating to animal testing on cosmetics; establishing certain penalties for certain violations of the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Student and Military Voter Empowerment Act. Description: Requiring a local board of elections to obtain input from large residential institutional communities including institutions of higher education, continuing care retirement communities, senior communities, and military installations when establishing precinct boundaries and designating polling places; establishing a process for certain voters to submit a federal post card application electronically, which may allow the use of a common access card only for verification of identity and fulfillment of the signature requirement; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Veterans Service Animal Program - Definitions. Description: Defining the terms "service dog", "support dog", and "therapy horse" for the purposes of the law governing the Maryland Veterans Service Animal Program in the Department of Veterans Affairs; defining "service dog" as one that is individually trained to perform certain tasks for the benefit of individuals with certain disabilities; defining "support dog" as one that is individually trained to provide certain support services; and defining "therapy horse" as one that is deemed appropriate for interactions with veterans.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Crisis Response Services – Modifications. Description: Altering the proposals the Maryland Department of Health is required to prioritize in awarding grants under the Behavioral Health Crisis Response Grant Program; requiring a local behavioral health authority to make certain information available to the public; requiring the Governor to include in the annual operating budget appropriations of $5,000,000 in each of fiscal years 2023 through 2025; requiring, beginning in fiscal year 2023, that at least one-third of the appropriation be used for grants for mobile crisis teams; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Shrimp Fishery - Licensing and Regulation. Description: Requiring a person to obtain a license from the Department of Natural Resources before catching shrimp for commercial purposes; and authorizing the Department to adopt certain regulations governing any aspect of the shrimp fishery, including regulations establishing and implementing a pilot program related to fishing for shrimp.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Offenses – Following Too Closely – Unified Truck Travel. Description: Establishing that certain motor vehicle offenses related to following too closely do not apply to a group of individual trucks that are traveling in a unified manner with electronically coordinated speed and braking systems and are being operated in a certain manner; and requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to adopt certain regulations governing truck travel in a unified manner.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Injury or Death of Vulnerable Individual - Penalties. Description: Prohibiting an individual from causing the serious physical injury or death of a vulnerable individual as a result of the individual operating a vehicle in violation of the Maryland Vehicle Law; defining "vulnerable individual" as a pedestrian lawfully engaged in certain activity, including certain workers and emergency services personnel, an individual lawfully walking an animal, or an individual operating certain modes of transport; establishing penalties of a fine of up to $2,000, community service, and participation in a safety course; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cecil County - Sales and Use Tax Exemption - Federal Facilities Redevelopment Areas. Description: Providing an exemption from the sales and use tax for certain construction material or warehousing equipment purchased for use in a certain federal facilities redevelopment area in Cecil County under certain circumstances; requiring a buyer claiming the exemption to provide to the vendor evidence of eligibility issued by the Comptroller; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Campaign Finance – Protection of Contributor Information. Description: Prohibiting a person from using contributor information from any report or statement required under provisions of law governing campaign finance for commercial solicitation purposes; and prohibiting a person from publishing contributor information from any report or statement required under provisions of law governing campaign finance in newspapers, magazines, books, or other similar media or on a website for the purpose of facilitating commercial solicitation.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Pharmacy – Pharmacy Closure – Notice to Customers (The Dennis Robin Act). Description: Requiring an owner of a pharmacy to provide certain notice of the closing of the pharmacy at least 14 days prior to the anticipated closing of the pharmacy; requiring the notice to indicate the date of the anticipated closing, the name of the pharmacy to which customer prescriptions and records will transferred, and that a customer may request that their prescriptions and records be sent to another pharmacy; and requiring the State Board of Pharmacy to adopt certain regulations.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Trauma-Informed Care - Commission and Training (Healing Maryland's Trauma Act). Description: Establishing the Commission on Trauma-Informed Care to coordinate a statewide initiative to prioritize the trauma-responsive and trauma-informed delivery of State services that impact children, youth, families, and older adults; requiring the Commission to submit its findings annually to the Governor and the General Assembly by June 30; requiring the Commission to study developing a process and framework for implementing an Adverse Childhood Experiences (ACEs) Aware Program in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Special Education – Learning Continuity Plan – Requirement. Description: Requiring an individualized education program to include a learning continuity plan to be implemented for students with disabilities for certain purposes during emergency conditions beginning October 1, 2021; requiring an individualized education program team to develop a learning continuity plan at certain times; requiring an individualized education team, within 10 days after a determination that emergency conditions exist, to notify certain parents or guardians that a learning continuity plan is in place;  etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture - Cost-Sharing Program - State Cost-Sharing Funds. Description: Increasing from 87.5% to 100% the percentage of eligible costs for which State cost-sharing funds may be made available for projects that prevent or control agriculturally related nonpoint source water pollution.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: General Provisions – Commemorative Days – Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day. Description: Requiring the Governor annually to proclaim the fourth Thursday in March as Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day; and requiring the proclamation to urge educational and cultural organizations to observe Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day through appropriate and informative programs and activities.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Recycling Act - Recyclable Materials and Resource Recovery Facilities - Alterations. Description: Altering the definition of "recyclable materials" under the Maryland Recycling Act to exclude incinerator ash; and repealing the authority of a county to utilize a resource recovery facility to meet 5% of the waste reduction required to be achieved through recycling in the county's recycling plan.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Direct Care Workforce Innovation Program. Description: Establishing the Direct Care Workforce Innovation Program in the Division of Workforce Development and Adult Learning within the Maryland Department of Labor; requiring the Division to provide certain matching grants to certain entities to create and expand on successful recruitment and retention strategies that address certain barriers to increasing the population of direct care workers; requiring the Governor to include a $250,000 appropriation in the annual budget bill for the Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship - Eligibility. Description: Providing that an applicant who graduated from high school 5 or more years before the date of application is not subject to a certain grade point requirement to be eligible for the Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Handgun Permit – Preliminary Approval. Description: Authorizing a person to apply for preliminary approval of a permit to wear, carry, or transport a handgun without completing a certified firearms training course; requiring the Secretary of State Police to investigate an application for a handgun permit; requiring the Secretary to issue preliminary approval if the applicant meets certain requirements except the certified firearms training course; requiring an applicant to satisfy the firearms training requirement within 120 days after receipt of preliminary approval; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law – Campaign Finance Entities – Termination. Description: Altering the circumstances under which a certain provision of law requiring a campaign finance entity to terminate and file a final campaign finance report applies; altering the time period within which a certain campaign finance entity is required to terminate and file a final campaign finance report; requiring the State Board of Elections to provide a certain notification to certain persons affiliated with a campaign finance entity that is required to terminate under a certain provision of law; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Registration - Exception for Golf Carts - Hoopers Island and Taylors Island. Description: Creating an exception from motor vehicle registration requirements under certain circumstances for golf carts on Upper Hoopers Island, Middle Hoopers Island, or Taylors Island in Dorchester County; providing that a person who operates a golf cart on a highway on Upper Hoopers Island, Middle Hoopers Island, or Taylors Island may operate the golf cart only on highways on which the maximum speed does not exceed 30 miles per hour between dawn and dusk and only if the golf cart is equipped with certain lighting devices; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Public Health Outreach Programs - Cognitive Impairment, Alzheimer's Disease, and Other Types of Dementia. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in partnership with the Department of Aging, the Virginia I. Jones Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders Council, and the Greater Maryland Chapter of the Alzheimer's Association, to incorporate information regarding certain types of cognitive impairment into outreach programs administered by the Maryland Department of Health to educate health care providers and increase understanding of certain types of cognitive impairment.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Board of Revenue Estimates and Bureau of Revenue Estimates - Organization and Operations. Description: Requiring the Comptroller to appoint the Chief of the Bureau of Revenue Estimates from a list of at least three candidates reviewed and evaluated by the Revenue Monitoring Committee and the Consensus Revenue Monitoring and Forecasting Group; requiring a certain report of estimated state revenues to be reviewed and approved by the Committee before the estimates are formally adopted; requiring the Bureau to submit the March revenue report to the Board of Revenue Estimates by a certain date; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Fishing and Hunting Rights. Description: Stating certain findings of the General Assembly related to the value of fishing and hunting to the cultural and social heritage and the economy of the State; and establishing that it is the intent of the General Assembly that residents of the State have a right to fish and to hunt subject to regulations and restrictions under laws that the General Assembly enacts.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Clean Energy Loan Program - Remediation and Resiliency. Description: Expanding the purpose of a certain clean energy loan program to include loans for water efficiency projects, environmental remediation projects intended to remove environmental or health hazards, and  resiliency projects to increase the capacity of a property to withstand the effects of climate change; adding water efficiency projects, environmental remediation, resiliency projects, and grid resiliency projects to the list of items that require eligibility requirements under a certain ordinance; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Foreign Corporations - Resident Agents - State Department of Assessments and Taxation. Description: Authorizing a foreign corporation to certify that the State Department of Assessments and Taxation is the corporation's resident agent when registering or qualifying with the Department; and authorizing the Department to act as a resident agent for a foreign corporation that does business in the State without a resident agent or with a resident agent who cannot be found or served with the exercise of reasonable diligence.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Arts Capital Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Maryland Arts Capital Grant Program to provide grants for the acquisition of, the expansion of, the renovation of, or major repairs to a facility or other infrastructure operated by a certain organization; requiring the Governor, for fiscal years 2024 through 2029, to include $3,000,000 for the Program in the State budget; requiring the establishment of a competitive application process; prohibiting an organization from receiving a grant for a single project that exceeds $1,000,000 in any fiscal year;  etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment and Natural Resources – Complaints, Inspections, and Enforcement – Information Maintenance and Reporting. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to receive and process complaints involving alleged violations of certain air and water quality requirements in a certain manner; requiring the Department of the Environment to keep an electronic record of certain complaints for 10 years; requiring the Department of Natural Resources to report, on or before September 30 each year, to the Governor and the General Assembly certain information relating to the enforcement of natural resources and conservation laws; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Sales – Redemption – Nondelinquent Taxes. Description: Altering the amount which a person is required to pay the tax collector to redeem property sold at tax sale by limiting taxes, interest, and penalties accruing after the sale to include only delinquent taxes, interest, and penalties; and requiring that certain notices include certain information regarding the taxes included in a redemption payment.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City Community College - Procurement Authority. Description: Exempting Baltimore City Community College from certain provisions of the State procurement law; requiring the Board of Trustees of the College, subject to approval by the Board of Public Works and the Joint Committee on Administrative, Executive, and Legislative Review, to develop policies and procedures governing procurement; exempting the College from certain provisions of law governing the oversight of public improvement projects by the Department of General Services if the contract has a value of less than $500,000; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Civil Actions - Financial Exploitation of Susceptible Adults and Older Adults (Maryland SAFE Act). Description: Authorizing the Division of Consumer Protection in the Office of the Attorney General to bring certain actions on behalf of certain susceptible adults and older adults; authorizing the Securities Commissioner of the Division of Securities of the Office of the Attorney General to bring a civil action on behalf of certain susceptible adults and older adults; specifying that the Act does not apply to certain financial institutions; authorizing a susceptible or older adult to bring an action under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Water Pollution Control - Intervention in Civil Actions - Rights and Authority. Description: Providing that a person who meets certain threshold standing requirements under federal law has an unconditional right and authority to intervene in a civil action that the State initiates in State court to require compliance with certain water pollution control measures; requiring a person exercising a certain right of intervention to intervene in accordance with the applicable practices, procedures, and laws in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts – Nongovernmental Corporate Parties – Disclosure Statements. Description: Requiring a nongovernmental corporate party to file, at a first appearance, pleading, petition, motion, response, or other request addressed to the court, one copy of a certain disclosure statement; specifying the contents of the disclosure statement; and requiring a nongovernmental corporate party to file a supplemental statement if any required information changes.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Government – Animal Control Facilities – Adoption Fee Waiver for Veterans (Pets for Vets Act of 2021). Description: Requiring an animal control facility operated by a county or municipality to waive the adoption fee for a dog or cat for a veteran who presents a valid driver's license or identification card that includes a notation of veteran status; authorizing an animal control facility to limit the number of adoption fee waivers granted to an individual under the Act to one dog and one cat within a 6-month period; and applying the Act to all counties and municipalities.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Military Department – Sale of Superfluous Armories. Description: Adding as conditions precedent for a sale of a certain superfluous armory by the Maryland Military Department that the Maryland Military Department has complied with a certain provision of law, the Department of Planning has made a certain determination that no unit of State government is interested in the property, and the Board of Public Works has approved the sale.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Information Technology - Review of Projects and Proposals. Description: Altering the information technology proposals of which a unit of State government is required to advise the Secretary of Information Technology to include those involving the sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of communications sites, communications facilities, or communications frequencies for certain purposes; altering the dollar value threshold from $100,000 to $200,000 of certain information technology proposals that triggers the requirement that the proposal be subject to approval by the Board of Public Works; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment – Drinking Water Revolving Loan Fund – Use of Funds. Description: Altering the conditions under which the Maryland Drinking Water Revolving Loan Fund may be used to provide certain financial assistance for certain purposes.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Aquaculture - Leases. Description: Repealing the authority of the Department of Natural Resources to establish Aquaculture Enterprise Zones and issue leases within those zones for shellfish aquaculture; authorizing the Department to issue enterprise leases under certain circumstances for the cultivation of native or naturalized species of aquatic plants; prohibiting the Department from issuing an enterprise lease for the cultivation of nonnative species; requiring an applicant for a lease to pay an application fee; establishing a maximum lease term of 5 years; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government – Protection of Information – Revisions (Maryland Data Privacy Act). Description: Requiring certain units of State government to employ certain reasonable security procedures and practices; requiring certain units of State government to undertake activities comprising collection, processing, and sharing of personally identifiable information in good faith; requiring each public institution of higher education to submit a report including a summary of the status of any data privacy framework and the number and disposition of reported breaches, if any, to the Governor on or before December 1 each year; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture – Multiflora Rose Management – Repeal. Description: Repealing provisions of law declaring that the existence of multiflora rose may be a certain nuisance on land used for agricultural production; repealing provisions of law requiring a person who owns land where multiflora rose is grown to maintain the land in a certain manner; repealing provisions of law requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to make a certain investigation under certain circumstances; repealing provisions of law requiring the Secretary to provide certain notice of a certain violation; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Veterans – Benefits and Benefits Appeals Services – Disclosure Requirements. Description: Requiring a person who charges a fee for certain veterans benefits services or veterans benefits appeals services to provide a written disclosure statement to and obtain written acknowledgment of the disclosure statement from certain individuals under certain circumstances; requiring a certain person who charges a fee for providing certain veterans benefits appeals services to include a certain notice in advertisements for those services; establishing a civil penalty of up to $1,000 for each violation; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Transportation - Urban Tree Program - Establishment. Description: Requiring the Department of Transportation to develop an urban tree program to replace trees removed during the construction of certain transportation projects; requiring the Department to consult with businesses, community representatives, local governments, and residents in developing the program; requiring the program to provide for the replacement of trees in areas affected by construction of a transportation facility project with priority given to those affected by environmental justice issues or the heat island effect; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government – Notaries Public – Notary Public Fund and Remote Notarial Acts. Description: Establishing the Notary Public Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund; specifying that the purpose of the Fund is to provide funding to support the Secretary of State in the implementation, regulation, and enforcement of certain actions; requiring the Secretary of State to administer the Fund; requiring the State Treasurer to hold the Fund and the Comptroller to account for the Fund; specifying the contents of the Fund; specifying the purpose of the Fund; requiring the Secretary of State to distribute certain fees to the Fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Transportation - Highway User Revenues - Distribution. Description: Altering, beginning in fiscal year 2020, the amounts of capital grants calculated based on highway user revenues that are required to be appropriated to Baltimore City, counties, and municipalities.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Civil Claims Against Law Enforcement Officers of an Institution of Higher Education - Prohibition Against Nondisparagement Clause in Settlement Agreement. Description: Prohibiting the use or enforcement of a nondisparagement clause in a settlement agreement or other release of liability between the parties in a claim of misconduct in the performance of duties against a law enforcement officer of an institution of higher education in Baltimore City; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Neighborhood Business Development Program - Food Desert Projects - Business Retention. Description: Expanding the purposes of the Neighborhood Business Development Program to include retaining certain businesses and enterprises in food deserts and certain areas that serve food deserts; increasing to $100,000 the maximum amount of a certain small loan that may be provided to an approved entity for assistance in providing or maintaining access to healthy food in certain food deserts; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Assessments and Taxation - Identification Number for Business - Task Force. Description: Requiring the Department of Assessments and Taxation to convene a task force to study and make recommendations to the Governor and General Assembly by December 1, 2021, on the adoption of a unique Maryland Identification Number for each registered or licensed business in the State to be used by certain State agencies; requiring the task force to include representatives of certain State agencies; authorizing the task force to include representatives of certain State agencies; providing for the duties of the task force; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Abuse and Neglect - Memorandum of Understanding With Military Family Advocacy Program. Description: Requiring a local department of social services with a military installation in its jurisdiction to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Military Family Advocacy Program for that installation; and establishing certain requirements for a memorandum of understanding under the Act.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax Subtraction Modification – Military and Public Safety Retirement Income. Description: Increasing to $20,000 the amount of a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for certain military retirement income for individuals who are at least 55 years old; increasing to $10,000 the amount of a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for certain retirement income attributable to a resident's employment as a correctional officer, a law enforcement officer, or a fire, rescue, or emergency services personnel; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Special Education - Individualized Education Programs - Educational Evaluations. Description: Altering the circumstances under which a parent may request an independent educational evaluation of a child with a disability at public expense to include a parent who submits a certain request to a local school system and the local school system does not respond within 30 days after the date the request was made or, on approval and under certain circumstances, the educational evaluation meeting does not occur within 60 days after the date the request was received, or 90 days if the State is under a proclaimed state of emergency.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Public Ethics Law - Special Session of the General Assembly - Contributions Prohibited. Description: Prohibiting legislators and persons acting on behalf of legislators from receiving, depositing, or using a certain contribution, conducting a fund-raising event, or selling or soliciting a ticket to a fundraising event during a special session of the General Assembly except under certain circumstances; and prohibiting legislators from intentionally scheduling a fund-raising event that coincides with a special session of the General Assembly once the special session has been announced.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture – Neonicotinoid Pesticides – Sale and Storage. Description: Restricting a person that sells a neonicotinoid pesticide under certain provisions of law to selling a neonicotinoid pesticide only to a certain certified applicator or farmer; and requiring a person selling a neonicotinoid pesticide to store each neonicotinoid pesticide in a manner that is inaccessible to customers without the assistance from the person or an employee of the person.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Nonprofit Development Center Program – Nonprofit, Interest–Free, Micro Bridge Loan (NIMBL) Account – Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $250,000 for fiscal year 2023 for the Maryland Nonprofit Development Center Program Fund within the Department of Commerce to be used for loans made under the Nonprofit, Interest-Free, Micro Bridge Loan Account.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Licensing of Audiology Assistants. Description: Requiring, on or after October 1, 2022, an individual to be licensed by the State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, and Speech-Language Pathologists before assisting in the practice of audiology in the State, except as otherwise provided under certain provisions of law; establishing qualifications to obtain an audiology assistant license; authorizing a licensed audiologist to provide general supervision for up to two licensed audiology assistants at any time; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Facilities - Residential Service Agencies - Guidance and Reporting. Description: Requiring the Office of the Attorney General, in consultation with the Maryland Department of Health and the Maryland Department of Labor, to produce a guidance document, by December 30, 2021, concerning the application of employee protection laws to the use of personal care aides by residential service agencies; requiring a residential service agency to certify certain information on a certain form and through the signature of a certain individual as a condition of obtaining an initial license to operate and every 3 years thereafter; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Organized Retail Theft. Description: Providing that multiple thefts committed by the same person in multiple counties under one scheme or continuing course of conduct may be aggregated and prosecuted in any county in which any one of the thefts occurred; altering a certain reference to the maximum value of certain property or services applicable to misdemeanor theft; requiring a court to make a finding as to whether a certain crime is organized retail theft; providing that the State has the burden of proving that a certain crime is organized retail theft; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County – Alcoholic Beverages – Assisted Living Program License. Description: Establishing a Class ALP (assisted living program) beer, wine, and liquor license in Harford County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the license to a manager of an assisted living program, but not more than five Class ALP licenses to a person; authorizing the license holder to provide beer and wine for on-premises consumption by a resident or guest; authorizing the license holder to store liquor, prepare mixed drinks, and serve liquor or mixed drinks; establishing a license fee of $3,500; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Gift Basket Permit. Description: Establishing, in Harford County, a gift basket permit; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the permit to a person whose business includes the sale and delivery of gift baskets; providing that a permit holder is subject to certain alcohol awareness training requirements; limiting the total annual sales from alcoholic beverages to 10% of the annual gross sales of the permit holder; establishing a permit fee of $100; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity and Gas - Limited-Income Mechanisms and Assistance. Description: Authorizing certain gas and electric utilities to adopt a limited-income mechanism to benefit certain eligible limited-income customers, subject to the approval of the Public Service Commission; expanding the electric universal service program to customers who are at least 67 years old with annual incomes at or below 200% of the federal poverty level; establishing a Workgroup on Low-Income Utility Assistance to study low-income energy assistance programs; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages Licenses – Hours of Sale. Description: Establishing hours of sale for a holder of a Class B-D-7 beer, wine, and liquor license from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. along the north side of Frederick Avenue between South Augusta Avenue and South Loudon Avenue in Baltimore City.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Diminution Credits - Education. Description: Awarding a diminution credit of 60 days per program completed to reduce the term of confinement of an inmate if the inmate successfully obtains a certain educational certificate, diploma, or degree; requiring the Commissioner of Correction to establish a uniform system of deductions and participation criteria; prohibiting a certain inmate from being awarded more than 40 days of diminution credit; prohibiting a certain inmate from receiving a diminution credit under the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Landlord-Tenant - Nonrenewal of Lease - Notice Requirements. Description: Altering the period of time prior to the expiration of a tenancy that a landlord is required to notify a tenant, in writing, of the intent to terminate a tenancy upon expiration, under certain circumstances and subject to certain conditions; applying the notice provisions statewide; and applying the Act to any residential lease executed in the State on or after October 1, 2021, and, beginning October 1, 2021, to any residential lease executed before October 1, 2021, that has expired and resulted in a certain tenancy on or after October 1, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Student Identification Cards - Required Information. Description: Requiring each institution of higher education to provide the telephone number of Maryland's Helpline, or an on-campus crisis center that operates 24 hours a day and 365 days a year, on student identification cards, if provided by the institution; authorizing an institution of higher education to provide telephone numbers of mental health crisis hotlines on student identification cards; and providing that student identification cards in use or printed before July 1, 2021, will be in compliance with the Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electricity – Net Energy Metering – Limit. Description: Increasing to 3,000 megawatts the statewide limit on rated generating capacity for net energy metering under a certain contract or tariff available to certain eligible customer-generators.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Climate Solutions Now Act of 2021. Description: Requiring the State to reduce statewide greenhouse gas emissions by 60% from 2006 levels by 2030; requiring the State to achieve net-zero statewide greenhouse gas emissions by 2045; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to adopt regulations establishing certain energy conservation requirements for certain buildings by July 1, 2022; establishing a goal of planting and helping to maintain in the State 5,000,000 sustainable trees of species native to the State by the end of 2030; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Financing Act - Matching Fund Revisions (Maryland Fair Elections Act). Description: Requiring the Comptroller to distribute public contributions to a certain campaign finance entity established to receive public contributions for certain eligible candidates; requiring the State Board of Elections to make a certain determination regarding the balance of the Fair Campaign Financing Fund on or before a certain date in certain years; requiring the Governor, in fiscal year 2023, to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of at least $4,000,000 to the Fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Energy Administration – Energy and Water Efficiency Standards – Alterations. Description: Repealing certain provisions of law regarding the adoption of regulations establishing certain efficiency standards; repealing certain provisions of law prohibiting the sale or offering for sale of certain products; altering the application of certain testing, certification, and enforcement requirements for certain efficiency standards; requiring the Maryland Energy Administration to review certain efficiency standards on or before January 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Search Warrants. Description: Altering a provision of law authorizing an application for a search warrant to contain a request authorizing the executing law enforcement officer to enter a building, apartment, premises, place, or thing to be searched without giving notice of the officer's authority or purpose and to require that the application contain known information about the presence of minors, vulnerable adults, and individuals with disabilities who may be present during the execution of the warrant; establishing certain reporting requirements; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workgroup on Screening Related to Adverse Childhood Experiences. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Screening Related to Adverse Childhood Experiences; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Workgroup; requiring the Workgroup to update, improve, and develop certain screening tools, submit certain screening tools to the Maryland Department of Health, study certain actions and best practices, develop a certain template, and make and develop certain recommendations; requiring the Workgroup to report its findings to the Governor and General Assembly by October 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 46th District - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses. Description: Authorizing the holder of a Class 9 limited distillery license and a 6-day Class D beer, wine, and liquor license to apply to the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to convert the existing Class D license to a 7-day Class D beer, wine, and liquor license in the 46th alcoholic beverages district; authorizing the Board to issue a Class B beer, wine, and liquor license and a Class D beer and light wine license in a certain area if a memorandum of understanding has been executed with Brewer's Hill Neighbors, Inc.; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - Provision of Menstrual Hygiene Products - Requirement. Description: Requiring each county board of education to ensure that each public  school provide, at no charge to students, menstrual hygiene products via dispensers in the women's restrooms at the school; requiring a public middle or high school to install menstrual hygiene product dispensers in at least two women's restrooms by October 1, 2022, and in all women's restrooms by August 1, 2025; requiring a public elementary school to install menstrual hygiene product dispensers in at least one restroom by October 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Annual Reports. Description: Altering the due dates of certain annual reports prepared by the Public Service Commission; and altering the due date from December 1 to January 1 of a certain report by the Department of Housing and Community Development relating to the Electric Universal Service Program.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: For-Hire Driving and Vehicles - Requirements. Description: Altering the requirements for submission of certain photographs by certain applicants for a for-hire driver's license to the Public Service Commission; requiring certain applicants for a for-hire driver's license to allow the Commission access to photographs through the Motor Vehicle Administration; requiring certain applicants to provide photographs in a format that the Commission specifies; repealing the requirement for certain applicants for a Baltimore City taxicab license to have completed a certain course; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission - Virtual Public Hearings. Description: Authorizing the Public Service Commission to conduct certain hearings relating to certain rate increases virtually; authorizing the Commission to conduct certain public hearings relating to certain certificates of public convenience and necessity virtually in a certain manner; requiring the Commission to provide information on the virtual hearings prominently on the Commission's website; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Libraries - Electronic Literary Product Licenses - Access. Description: Requiring a publisher who offers to license an electronic literary product to the public to also offer to license the electronic literary product to public libraries in the State on reasonable terms that would enable public libraries to provide library users with access to the electronic literary product; authorizing the license terms authorizing public libraries to provide access to electronic literary products to include certain limitations; defining "electronic literary product"; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Institutions of Higher Education - State Funding - Revision. Description: Requiring the University of Maryland School of Medicine to provide clinical care at the University of Maryland Capital Region Medical Center by assigning faculty who specialize in neuroscience, obstetrics and gynecology, oncology, and vascular neurology; requiring the University of Maryland School of Medicine to provide specialized clinical care at certain rural hospitals by assigning faculty who specialize in essential areas; requiring the Governor, in fiscal years 2023 through 2025, to provide certain appropriations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Care Centers - Teacher Qualifications. Description: Requiring the regulations adopted by the State Board of Education to govern the licensing and operation of child care centers to include provisions that establish certain qualifications for probationary employment for an individual applying for the first time to be a child care teacher in a certain child care center in the State; requiring a child care center to terminate or reassign a certain individual at the end of a 6-month probationary period if the individual has not completed the required pre-service training; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - Pregnant and Parenting Students - Policies and Reports. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to establish a model policy to support the educational and parenting goals and improve the educational outcomes of pregnant and parenting students; requiring the model policy to include certain policies and procedures; requiring each county board of education to establish a policy based on the Department's model policy; altering the required contents of the pregnant and parenting students attendance policy developed by each county board; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Institutions of Higher Education - Student Athletes (Jordan McNair Safe and Fair Play Act). Description: Declaring certain findings of the General Assembly regarding the educational needs and the health and safety of student athletes; prohibiting a public institution of higher education or certain organizations from preventing a student athlete from earning compensation from the use of the athlete's name, image, or likeness; prohibiting a public institution of higher education from providing a prospective student athlete with certain compensation or preventing the athlete from obtaining certain representation; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Aquaculture Coordinating Council - Application of Tidal Wetlands Permit Requirements to Aquaculture Operations - Study. Description: Requiring the Aquaculture Coordinating Council, in consultation with the Department of the Environment, to review the policies of the Department regarding the application of State or tidal wetlands license and permit requirements to aquaculture operations in the State, and to report to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2021, on the Council's recommendations, including any proposed legislation, on changes needed to eliminate redundancies and conflicts in the oversight of aquaculture operations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transforming Manufacturing in a Digital Economy Workgroup (Making It in Maryland). Description: Establishing the Workgroup to Study the Transformation of Manufacturing in Maryland's Emerging Digital Economy; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Workgroup; requiring the Workgroup to study and make recommendations regarding certain matters relating to the State's current and future workforce and emerging digital economy; requiring the Workgroup to submit an interim report and a final report to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2021, and December 1, 2022, respectively; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Equipment - Safety Glass - Replacement Standards. Description: Requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to adopt regulations establishing standards and requirements for aftermarket safety glass replacement that include certain requirements and meet or exceed certain standards and requirements; and defining "aftermarket safety glass replacement" as motor vehicle safety glass replacement services that occur after the original installation by a vehicle manufacturer.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of the Environment - Supplemental Environmental Projects Database. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to create a database of supplemental environmental projects from which a person that violates the Environment Article may choose to undertake as part of a settlement or enforcement action; requiring the Department to solicit input from certain communities in creating the database; and requiring the Department to prioritize the selection of a project located in the same area as the alleged violation and ensure that the scope and cost of a project is commensurate with the scope and cost of the violation.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Historic Revitalization Tax Credit – Certified Historic Structure and Single–Family, Owner–Occupied Residence – Definitions. Description: Altering the definitions of "certified historic structure" and "single-family, owner-occupied residence" to include a certain structure that is located on property that is owned by the Department of Natural Resources or one of its units and occupied by a person under an agreement with the Department by which the person pays for rehabilitation of the structure as a condition of occupancy; applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: County Boards of Education - Student Transportation - Vehicles and Report. Description: Authorizing a county board of education to provide transportation to and from school for certain students using a vehicle other than a Type I or Type II school vehicle when a school vehicle cannot reasonably be provided; requiring the State Department of Education, in consultation with county boards of education and the Motor Vehicle Administration, to adopt regulations governing minimum vehicle and driver safety standards; requiring each county board to submit a report on student transportation using certain vehicles by September 1, 2025; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Information Act – Revisions (Equitable Access to Records Act). Description: Requiring each official custodian to adopt a policy of proactive disclosure of public records available for inspection; authorizing the official custodian to adopt a policy appropriate to the type of public record, to reflect the staff and resources of the governmental unit, and to include publication of public records on certain websites; altering the composition of the State Public Information Act Compliance Board; requiring the Board to receive, review, and resolve certain complaints from applicants; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Lakes Protection and Restoration Fund - Purpose, Use, and Funding - Sunset Extension. Description: Extending the termination date applicable to certain provisions relating to the purpose, use, and funding of the State Lakes Protection and Restoration Fund from June 30, 2022, to June 30, 2027.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County – Alcoholic Beverages Act of 2021. Description: Repealing certain requirements that the Board of License Commissioners for Garrett County charge a one-time issuing fee for certain licenses; and altering the types of alcoholic beverages that a license holder may purchase from a wholesaler or a retailer in Garrett County.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County and Garrett County - Archery Hunting - Safety Zone. Description: Altering to 50 yards from a dwelling house, residence, church, or any other building or camp occupied by human beings the size of the safety zone for archery hunters in Allegany County and Garrett County within which archery hunting may not take place except under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Employment Discrimination - Time for Filing Complaints. Description: Extending from 6 months to 300 days the time periods within which a person claiming to be aggrieved by certain discriminatory acts is required to file a complaint with the Commission on Civil Rights; and providing that a complaint filed with a local human relations commission within certain time periods is deemed to have complied with certain provisions of the Act.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Impaired Entities - Delinquency Proceedings. Description: Providing that a federal home loan bank may not be stayed or prohibited from exercising certain rights with respect to certain collateral of a certain insurer-member after the 14th day following the filing of a delinquency proceeding; requiring a federal home loan bank to repurchase certain outstanding capital stock of a certain insurer-member under certain circumstances; requiring a federal home loan bank to establish a certain timeline and process within 10 business days after a request from a receiver; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Comprehensive Technical Assistance Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Comprehensive Technical Assistance Program in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to provide comprehensive technical assistance to any business that qualifies for financial assistance under the Act or any other program in the portfolio of the Corporation; requiring the technical assistance provided by the Program to incorporate existing services of the Corporation and to include customized applied training services, the use of a network of experienced advisors, and support with accessing private capital; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health - Assent to and Certificates for Admission - Licensed Certified Social Worker-Clinical and Licensed Clinical Professional Counselor. Description: Altering a requirement that assent be given for the voluntary admission of a minor to certain facilities by providing that assent may be given by a physician and a licensed certified social worker-clinical or by a physician and a licensed clinical professional counselor; altering the requirement that a certificate for involuntary admission must be based on the personal examination of a physician and a licensed certified social worker-clinical or by a physician and a licensed clinical professional counselor; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program – Applied Behavior Analysis Services – Reimbursement. Description: Prohibiting the Maryland Department of Health from conditioning reimbursement of applied behavior analysis services provided to Maryland Medical Assistance Program recipients on the presence or availability of the parent or caregiver of the Program recipient in the setting where the applied behavior analysis services are provided to the Program recipient; providing that a certain provision of the Act does not prohibit the Department from establishing reasonable standards for the involvement of a parent or caregiver; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force to Study Crime Classification and Penalties - Alterations. Description: Extending the due date to December 31, 2021, by which the Task Force to Study Crime Classification and Penalties is required to submit a report on certain findings and recommendations to the Governor and General Assembly; and extending the termination date for the Task Force to June 30, 2022.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages Districts – Legislative Districting Plan References. Description: Updating certain provisions of law regarding Baltimore City alcoholic beverages districts to refer to the Legislative Districting Plan of 2012 rather than the corresponding plan of 2002; requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to grant a certain exemption to certain persons under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Leave With Pay - Bereavement Leave. Description: Authorizing employees of certain employers to use certain leave with pay for bereavement leave; defining the term "bereavement leave" as leave an employee is allowed to use on the death of a member of the employee's immediate family; and defining the term "child" for purposes of certain bereavement leave to include an adopted, biological, or foster child, a stepchild, or a legal ward.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Sale of Mobile Home Parks - Notice Requirements. Description: Altering the time frame of certain notices that a mobile home park owner is required to provide to each resident in the mobile home park  and the Department of Housing and Community Development and to post in a public area of the mobile home park, concerning the sale of the mobile home park, to be not less than 30 days before the date of the sale of the park.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Nurses - Delegation of Tasks. Description: Providing that an advanced practice registered nurse is not precluded from delegating a nursing or other technical task to an assistant under certain circumstances; providing that a registered nurse or a licensed practical nurse is not precluded from delegating a technical task other than a nursing task to an unlicensed individual under certain circumstances; and requiring the State Board of Nursing to adopt certain regulations.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Enoch Pratt Free Library - Operating Hours and Funding. Description: Requiring an annual appropriation of $3,000,000 to be used for branches of the Enoch Pratt Free Library that extend operating hours and services above those in effect as of January 1, 2016; declaring that it is the intent of the General Assembly to utilize increased operating hours and services to advance the library's commitment to equity, inclusion, and greater access to library resources, programs, and services; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders. Description: Requiring, for certain fiscal years, the Comptroller to distribute certain abandoned property funds to the Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders Fund; establishing the Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders Fund to provide grants to the University of Maryland School of Law, the University of Baltimore School of Law, and the Maryland Volunteer Lawyers Service to operate tax clinics for low-income Marylanders; authorizing the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2024, to include an appropriation to the Fund in the budget bill; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Solid Waste Management - Organics Recycling and Waste Diversion - Food Residuals. Description: Requiring a certain person that generates food residuals to separate the food residuals from other solid waste and ensure that the food residuals are diverted from final disposal in a refuse disposal system in a certain manner; applying the requirements of the Act to certain persons that generate certain amounts of food residuals; authorizing a person experiencing undue hardship because of the costs of diverting food residuals to apply for a certain waiver; requiring the Department of the Environment to issue a certain warning; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victims of Crime - Private Room. Description: Requiring the State Board of Victim Services to develop a poster to notify a victim of the right to request a certain private room in a law enforcement agency or unit when reporting a crime, other than homicide, that primarily involves injury to a person; requiring a certain law enforcement agency to display a poster developed by the State Board of Victim Services informing a victim of the right to request a private room; and requiring a certain law enforcement agency to provide a certain private room to a certain victim.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program – Dental Prophylaxis Care and Oral Health Exams. Description: Prohibiting, beginning January 1, 2022, the Maryland Medical Assistance Program from including a frequency limitation on dental prophylaxis care or oral health exams that requires the dental prophylaxis care or oral health exams to be provided at an interval greater than 120 days within a plan year.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class MT License. Description: Establishing a Class MT (movie theater) beer and wine license in Anne Arundel County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to issue the license to the owner of a movie theater who holds a crowd control training certification; authorizing a license holder to sell beer and wine to certain patrons at retail for on-premises consumption; specifying that a license holder may serve a patron only a single serving of beer or wine at a time, with a maximum of two servings of beer or wine per patron per day; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Board of License Commissioners - Chief Inspector. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to employ a chief inspector; and providing for the salary of the chief inspector to be fixed by the Board as in a general county classified salary schedule, within nonrepresented pay schedule NR-05.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Juveniles Convicted as Adults - Sentencing - Limitations and Reduction (Juvenile Restoration Act). Description: Authorizing a court, when sentencing a minor convicted as an adult, to impose a sentence less than a certain minimum term; prohibiting a court from imposing a sentence of life without the possibility of parole or release for a minor; authorizing an individual convicted as an adult for an offense committed as a minor to file a motion to reduce the duration of the sentence; requiring a court to conduct a hearing on a motion to reduce the sentence; requiring notice of the hearing be given to the victim or the victim's representative; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Recovery for the Economy, Livelihoods, Industries, Entrepreneurs, and Families (RELIEF) Act. Description: Providing certain financing during fiscal years 2021 and 2022 for the purpose of relieving the adverse effects of the coronavirus pandemic; allowing, for certain taxable years, a subtraction under the Maryland income tax for certain unemployment insurance benefits; allowing, for certain taxable years, a subtraction under the Maryland income tax for certain coronavirus relief payments received by a person during the taxable year; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Juvenile Services Education Board and Program – Establishment, Powers, and Duties. Description: Repealing provisions of law establishing educational programs for juveniles in residential facilities under the State Department of Education; establishing the Juvenile Services Education Board in the Department of Juvenile Services; requiring the Board to approve all educational services for juveniles in a residential facility beginning July 1, 2022; establishing the Juvenile Services Education Program; requiring the Board, to the extent practicable, to reflect the diversity of the student population that the Department serves; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prohibition on Vending Machine Sales of Drugs and Medicines - Repeal. Description: Repealing the prohibition on the sale, distribution, and disposal of certain drugs, medicines, pharmaceutical preparations, and medical preparations by means of a vending machine or similar device.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Towing or Removal of Vehicles From Parking Lots – Placement of Signs – Regional Malls. Description: Altering the standards for signage at a regional mall parking lot by requiring that, before being authorized to tow or remove a vehicle, the owner or operator of the parking lot must place certain signs at each entrance to the parking lot.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Gas Service Regulator Safety (Flower Branch Act). Description: Requiring that any gas service newly installed at an occupied structure may have a gas service regulator installed only outside the structure; requiring an existing interior gas service regulator in a multifamily residential structure to be relocated outside whenever a gas service line or regulator is replaced; requiring a gas company, on or before January 1, 2022, to file a plan with the Public Service Commission to relocate any gas service regulator that provides service to a multifamily residential structure; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - First-Degree Child Abuse - Continuing Course of Conduct. Description: Establishing as first-degree child abuse three or more acts that constitute second-degree child abuse committed as a continuing course of conduct; and applying certain penalties.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Division of Consumer Protection - Assisted Living Programs. Description: Requiring an assisted living program that was appointed as a representative payee for residents to report certain information, by June 1 each year, to the Division of Consumer Protection of the Office of the Attorney General; requiring the Office of Health Care Quality in the Maryland Department of Health to notify the Division of the appointment of an assisted living program as a resident's representative payee within a reasonable period of time; requiring unfair trade allegations to be reported in a certain manner; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Net Energy Metering. Description: Prohibiting the Public Service Commission from prohibiting the construction or operation of multiple net metered solar generating facilities located on separate contiguous lots that are owned by a local government solely because the capacity of the combined net metering systems exceeds the 2 megawatt limit under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: National Capital Strategic Economic Development Program - Eligibility and Funding. Description: Extending certain funding to each fiscal year; altering the definition of "national capital region" for the purposes of the National Capital Strategic Economic Development Program; requiring, in fiscal years 2022 and 2023, that 100% of the National Capital Strategic Economic Development Fund be used for community enhancement projects in sustainable communities located within certain boundaries; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax - Tax-Free Period for Back-to-School Shopping - Sale of Sewing Items. Description: Expanding the applicability of the annual sales and use tax-free period to certain sewing items used to make clothing if the taxable price of each item is less than $100; and providing that "sewing items" include the material used to make clothing, fabric, thread zippers, bias tape and elastic, but does not include sewing machines, pins, pin cushions, scissors, or needles.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Facilities - Hospitals - Medical Debt Protection. Description: Specifying the method for calculating family income to be used to consider free or reduced-cost medical care under a certain hospital financial assistance policy; requiring that the description of a hospital's financial assistance policy include a section that allows a patient to initial that the patient has been made aware of the policy; prohibiting a hospital from charging interest or fees on certain debts incurred by certain patients; requiring the Health Services Cost Review Commission to develop certain guidelines; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Registered Sex Offenders – Entry Onto School Property. Description: Repealing a certain exception authorizing, under certain circumstances, a student who is a registered sex offender to enter onto real property used for public or nonpublic elementary or secondary education; authorizing a student who is a registered sex offender to receive an education in accordance with State law in a locale other than real property used for public or nonpublic education; requiring a county board of education and the State Board of Education to develop certain guidelines and model policies; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Environmental Health Specialists - Fees - General Fund. Description: Repealing provisions creating the State Board of Environmental Health Specialists Fund; and requiring the State Board of Environmental Health Specialists to pay money collected for its services into the General Fund of the State.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physical Therapy Examiners - Temporary Licenses to Practice Physical Therapy and Limited Physical Therapy. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Physical Therapy Examiners to issue a temporary license to practice physical therapy and limited physical therapy to applicants who meet certain education and experience requirements but have not passed a certain examination; providing that a temporary license authorizes individuals to practice limited physical therapy or physical therapy under direct supervision and is valid for 90 days after issuance, until the board issues a full license, or the Board revokes the temporary license; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Behavioral Health Services and Voluntary Placement Agreements - Children and Young Adults - Report Modifications. Description: Requiring that the Director of the Behavioral Health Administration's annual report on behavioral health services for children and young adults in the State include certain information relating to outpatient and substance-related disorders program services by children and young adults and behavioral health services provided through telehealth; altering the scope of certain data required to be included in the report; requiring that certain data in the report be grouped by race and ethnicity; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, and Speech–Language Pathologists – Duties, Appointment of Members, and Requirements for Licensees. Description: Altering the definition of "board" for purposes of requiring the State Board of Examiners for Audiologists, Hearing Aid Dispensers, and Speech-Language Pathologists to post a list of recommended courses in cultural and linguistic competency, health disparities, and health literacy; requiring the Board to maintain an electronic list of licensees; altering the nominations process to the Board by requiring the Board to submit a list of potential nominees to the Secretary of Health and the Governor; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Soil Conservation District - Authority to Establish. Description: Authorizing a Baltimore City Soil Conservation District to be established and continued with boundaries corresponding to the boundaries of Baltimore City.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services and State Board of Elections - Centralized Booking Facility - Ballot Drop Box. Description: Requiring the Baltimore City centralized booking facility to provide a secure, designated ballot drop box for eligible voters in the facility and to monitor the ballot drop box 24 hours a day and 7 days a week; requiring the Baltimore City centralized booking facility to disseminate written notifications directly to each eligible voter in the facility on how and when to use the drop box; requiring the State Board of Elections to provide the Baltimore City centralized booking facility with certain materials and the ballot drop box; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Hotel Tax Alterations - Distribution of Revenue. Description: Requiring 3% of the hotel tax revenue generated in the City of Annapolis to be distributed to a special fund to be used only to fund the Annapolis Art in Public Places Commission; requiring 3% of the hotel tax revenue generated in the City of Annapolis to be distributed to a certain fund to be used only for housing assistance payments; requiring the Commission to report annually on its use of the hotel tax revenue during the preceding fiscal year to the Mayor, the City Council, and certain committees of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Horse Racing - Maryland-Bred Race Fund - Advisory Committee Membership and Registration of Horses. Description: Altering the membership of the Maryland-Bred Race Fund Advisory Committee to include a member of and recommended by the Maryland Thoroughbred Horsemen's Association, Inc.; altering the circumstances under which a horse may be registered with the Maryland Horse Breeders Association, Inc.; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums and Homeowners Associations - Meeting Requirements. Description: Making clarifying changes to certain additional meeting requirements for a council of unit owners; requiring notice of an initial properly called meeting of a council of unit owners to include certain information under certain circumstances; requiring an additional meeting of a council of unit owners to be held not earlier than 15 days after the initial properly called meeting; requiring a certain notice of an additional meeting of the council of unit owners to be delivered, advertised, or posted in a certain manner; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pharmacists - Required Notification and Authorized Substitution - Lower-Cost Drug or Device Product. Description: Requiring a pharmacist, or the pharmacist's designee who is under certain supervision, to inform a consumer of the availability of a therapeutically equivalent brand name drug that is the lowest cost alternative to the originally prescribed drug or device and the cost difference between the equivalent drug or device and the prescribed drug; requiring a pharmacist to provide written notice, or to maintain a record that indicates a patient was notified in writing or orally, that the generic product is equivalent to the brand name product; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Community Colleges and Private Nonprofit Institutions of Higher Education - Funding. Description: Requiring certain funding be provided to certain institutions of higher education in certain fiscal years.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax Credit – Food Donation Pilot Program – Extension. Description: Extending through December 31, 2023, the taxable years for which a qualified farm may claim a certain credit against the Maryland income tax for the donation of fresh farm products for human consumption; extending through December 31, 2023, the period of time during which the State Department of Agriculture may issue certain tax credit certificates; extending through December 31, 2024, the period of time for which the Secretary of Agriculture, in consultation with the Comptroller, shall submit a certain report; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Health Care Facilities - Employees - Alternative Workweeks. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of Health to authorize an employee of a State facility to work according to an alternative workweek if the workweek is consistent with any applicable collective bargaining memorandum of understanding or any other written agreement under certain circumstances; providing that "alternative workweek" means a work schedule under which a certain employee may work less than 40 hours in a week; requiring that a certain employee be considered a full-time employee of the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: School Buildings - Drinking Water Outlets - Elevated Level of Lead (Safe School Drinking Water Act). Description: Altering the definition of "elevated level of lead" for purposes of certain provisions of law requiring the periodic testing for the presence of lead in drinking water outlets in occupied public and nonpublic school buildings; requiring by August 1, 2022, a school to take certain remedial measures on a drinking water outlet tested on or before June 1, 2021, if the test indicated a concentration of lead that was more than 5 parts per billion but less than 20 parts per billion; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools - Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Surveys - Revisions. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, in coordination with the Maryland Department of Health, to establish procedures for the administration of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Youth Risk Behavior Survey/Youth Tobacco Survey to public middle school and high school students in the State; requiring the State Department of Education, in coordination with the Maryland Department of Health, to include in the survey at least five questions on adverse childhood experiences or positive childhood experiences; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sheila E. Hixson Behavioral Health Services Matching Grant Program for Service Members and Veterans – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Sheila E. Hixson Behavioral Health Services Matching Grant Program for Service Members and Veterans to provide funds to local nonprofit organizations to establish and expand community behavioral health programs to serve members, veterans, and their families; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to administer the Program and to establish a statewide system to assess the services provided by the nonprofit organizations; authorizing the Governor to provide $2,500,000 in the annual budget bill for the Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: 21st Century School Facilities Act and Built to Learn Act - Revisions. Description: Requiring certain public school facilities projects to comply with a certain memorandum of understanding; prohibiting the Interagency Commission on School Construction from the unreasonable delay of certain approval under certain circumstances; adding roofs and pipe insulation to reduce condensation in order to prevent mold to the list of issues that require priority in awarding a grant under the Healthy Schools Facility Fund; requiring the Maryland Stadium Authority to use certain funds for certain purposes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Collective Bargaining - Maryland School for the Deaf - Application and Separate Bargaining Unit. Description: Applying certain provisions of law that relate to collective bargaining for State employees to certain employees of the Maryland School for the Deaf; establishing a separate collective bargaining unit for certain faculty at the Maryland School for the Deaf; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electric Cooperatives - Meetings - Alterations. Description: Authorizing annual and special meetings of the members of an electric cooperative to be conducted in person, virtually, or both; requiring the members of the cooperative, by majority vote, to determine in the cooperative's bylaws how meetings may be held; requiring the notice of annual and special meetings to include certain information; altering certain requirements for a quorum; authorizing voting to be conducted in a certain manner in accordance with the cooperative's bylaws; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Health Departments - Funding. Description: Specifying the amount of funding required to be included in the State budget for local health services for certain fiscal years; altering the purposes for which local health department funding may be used to include protective equipment for certain health care personnel and materials appropriate to prepare for potential communicable disease emergencies; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to conduct a certain evaluation by December 1, 2021; requiring the Department to submit a certain report by December 15, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consolidation of the Procurement Improvement Council and the Council for the Procurement of Health, Educational, and Social Services. Description: Merging the Procurement Improvement Council and the Council for the Procurement of Health, Educational, and Social Services; altering the duties and membership of the Procurement Improvement Council; requiring, by December 31, 2022, the Procurement Improvement Council to make recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly on strategies and enforcement mechanisms to improve compliance by entities required to publish certain notices; declaring the intent of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Data - Race and Ethnicity Information. Description: Altering a certain provision of law requiring the Maryland Office of Minority Health and Health Disparities to collaborate with the Maryland Health Care Commission to publish and provide a certain report card to require the Office to also collaborate with certain health occupations boards and to include certain information in the report card; requiring the Office, as permitted by certain privacy laws, to respond to requests for health data that includes race and ethnicity information within 30 days of receipt of the request; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County – Transfer Tax – Housing Trust Special Revenue Fund. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Anne Arundel County to increase the rate of the transfer tax imposed on certain written instruments conveying title to property or a leasehold interest in real property; requiring any revenue derived from a higher transfer tax rate to be distributed to a certain special fund; establishing a Housing Trust Special Revenue Fund and requiring that certain revenue attributable to certain transfer and recordation tax rates be paid into the fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Driver's Licenses, Learner's Instructional Permits, and Identification Cards - Applications and Renewals. Description: Authorizing the Motor Vehicle Administration to extend the period of time that an identification card remains effective by 90 days under certain circumstances; altering the documentation that applicants for a learner's permit who are under the age of 16 years are required to present to the Administration; altering the time period before expiration within which a driver's license is renewable; altering the standards for determining whether an individual is required to appear in person to renew the individual's driver's license; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Emergency Services – Exposure to Contagious Diseases and Viruses – Notification and Other Requirements. Description: Altering the definition of "contagious disease or virus" for the purposes of certain provisions of law governing the notification of a possible exposure of certain emergency services personnel to include 2019-nCoV; extending certain notification requirements regarding possible exposure to a contagious disease or virus to certain emergency medical services clinicians; requiring that certain emergency medical services clinicians receive certain training and certain equipment; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Interstate Licensed Professional Counselors Compact. Description: Entering the Interstate Licensed Professional Counselors Compact; stating the purpose of the Compact; requiring that a state meet certain requirements to participate in the Compact; establishing duties of member states; authorizing a certain state to charge a certain fee for granting a certain privilege; requiring certain professional counselors to meet certain eligibility requirements to receive certain licensure and exercise a certain privilege; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development - Makerspace Initiative Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Makerspace Initiative Pilot Program in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to encourage the establishment and expansion of makerspaces throughout the State; authorizing the Corporation to award certain financial assistance to local governments, certain designees of local governments, and certain nonprofit entities for the establishment of makerspaces in the State; requiring the Governor, for fiscal year 2023, to include $275,000 in the annual budget bill for the Makerspace Initiative Fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Internal Revenue Code Amendments - Decoupling. Description: Prohibiting, except under certain circumstances, the retroactive application of certain amendments to the Internal Revenue Code to the determination of Maryland taxable income; applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Action for Change of Name - Waiver of Publication Requirement. Description: Requiring a court to waive a certain publication requirement in an action for change of name under the Maryland Rules on motion by an individual who has filed the action.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Tenants – Personal Liability Clauses – Enforceability. Description: Providing that a personal liability clause in a commercial lease or associated document is unenforceable if, as the result of certain proclamations relating to the outbreak of COVID-19, a commercial tenant was required to cease operations or close to the public and the commercial tenant's default occurred between March 23, 2020, and September 30, 2020; providing that the period of the declared state of emergency and the catastrophic health emergency may not be used to calculate the time limitation on filing a certain action; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force on Facial Recognition Privacy Protection. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Facial Recognition Privacy Protection; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; requiring the Task Force to study and make recommendations regarding the use of facial recognition technology by the State and local governments; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 6, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Bureau of Revenue Estimates - Tax Incidence Study - Scope and Intergovernmental Assistance. Description: Altering the scope of certain tax incidence studies submitted by the Bureau of Revenue Estimates; requiring governmental units involved in the implementation or administration of the taxes and charges evaluated in the study to provide promptly any information requested to the Bureau and otherwise cooperate with the Bureau in order to assist the Bureau in preparing certain tax incidence studies; and applying the Act to studies submitted after September 30, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Child Welfare System - Reporting. Description: Altering the contents of a certain report required by the Department of Human Services regarding children and foster youth in the State child welfare system; requiring the State Department of Education, on or before December 1 each year, to report to the General Assembly and the Department of Human Services certain information regarding children and foster youth in the State child welfare system; requiring the State Department of Education to publish each report on its website within 30 days after submission to the General Assembly; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Homeowners' Property Tax Credit - Calculation and Refunds. Description: Altering, for purposes of the homeowners' property tax credit, the definition of "total real property tax" to exclude any adjustments based on other property tax credits against the property tax imposed on a dwelling; requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to determine whether a homeowner is owed additional homeowners' property tax credits in the form of a refund for certain taxable years as a result of the Act; requiring the Comptroller to pay a refund from the Local Reserve Account; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Early Voting Centers - Hours of Operation. Description: Requiring early voting centers to be open during the hours between 7 a.m. and 8 p.m. each early voting day.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Social Work Examiners - Revisions. Description: Requiring certain individuals employed by federal agencies to comply with certain provisions of law; establishing that an applicant to obtain a certified social worker license is required to meet certain requirements by December 31, 2023; altering the number of hours of certain supervision an applicant for a certified social worker-clinical license is required to complete; requiring, as of calendar year 2023, a licensee seeking a license renewal to attest that the licensee has submitted to a criminal history records check; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Procurement – Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs – Small Business Reserve Program and Veteran–Owned Small Business Enterprise Program. Description: Providing that the Small Business Reserve Program includes certain veteran-owned small business enterprises that meet certain criteria; requiring the Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to adopt regulations to establish a certain overall percentage goal of certain procurement contracts to be made with veteran-owned small business enterprises; requiring certain solicitation documents to include certain information; altering the required contents of a certain annual report; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Surplus Military Equipment. Description: Prohibiting certain law enforcement agencies from receiving a weaponized aircraft, drone, or vehicle, a destructive device, a firearm silencer, or a grenade launcher from a federal military surplus program.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Surplus Military Equipment and Investigation of Deaths Caused by Police Officers. Description: Prohibiting a law enforcement agency from receiving certain equipment from a program operated by the federal government for the transfer of surplus military equipment; requiring a law enforcement agency to notify the Independent Investigative Unit in the Office of the Attorney General of an alleged or potential police-involved death of a civilian by a certain time; establishing the Independent Investigative Unit in the Office of the Attorney General to investigate alleged or potential police-involved deaths of civilians; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Correctional Officers' Retirement System - Kent County. Description: Requiring membership in the Correctional Officers' Retirement System for certain local detention center officers of Kent County under certain circumstances; providing that a certain individual is entitled to eligibility service and creditable service that was earned before the effective date of Kent County's participation in the Correctional Officers' Retirement System; providing for the transfer of creditable service for a certain individual; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Harm to Service Animals. Description: Prohibiting a person from willfully and maliciously killing, injuring, or interfering with the use of a certain service animal, or willfully and maliciously allowing a certain animal to kill, injure, or interfere with the use of a certain service animal; establishing penalties for a violation of certain provisions of the Act of imprisonment of up to 2 years or a fine of up to $2,500, or both; authorizing a court to order a certain defendant to pay certain restitution as a condition of sentencing; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety – Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission. Description: Altering a certain provision of law authorizing a member of the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to designate a certain representative to act at a certain meeting to the same effect as if the member were personally present to require that the designation be made in writing; providing that the Secretary of State Police is the chair of the Commission; altering and reorganizing provisions of law relating to the powers and duties of the Commission; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland Industrial Development Financing Authority - Marketing Plan. Description: Requiring the Maryland Industrial Development Financing Authority to work to increase the utilization of certain programs and funds to assist minority and women-owned businesses and consider incentives to encourage the use of certain credit insurance programs; requiring the Authority to develop and implement a certain marketing plan; and requiring the marketing plan implemented in accordance with the Act to identify methods to increase the utilization of certain credit insurance services by certain financial entities.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Lodging Establishments – Accessible Rooms for Individuals With Disabilities – Deadlines. Description: Altering the dates by which certain percentages of accessible rooms in a lodging establishment are required to be furnished with a bed of a certain height.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Public Facilities Bond. Description: Authorizing and empowering the County Commissioners of Carroll County to borrow not more than $48,450,000 in order to finance the construction, improvement, or development of certain public facilities in Carroll County, and to effect such borrowing by the issuance and sale at public or private sale of its general obligation bonds in like par amount; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Sheriff - Salary. Description: Increasing the salary of the Sheriff of Carroll County from $110,000 to $125,000 beginning December 6, 2022, and to $140,000 beginning December 5, 2023, and thereafter; and providing that the Act does not apply to the salary of the incumbent Sheriff.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax – Subtraction Modification – Donations to Diaper Banks and Other Charitable Entities. Description: Allowing a subtraction under the Maryland income tax for up to $1,000 of donations of certain disposable diapers, certain hygiene products, and certain monetary gifts made by a taxpayer during the taxable year to certain qualified charitable entities; requiring the taxpayer to file certain information with the taxpayer's income tax return in order to claim the subtraction; requiring the Comptroller to adopt certain regulations and report to the General Assembly; applying the Act to certain taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Crimes Involving Computers. Description: Prohibiting a person from committing a certain prohibited act with the intent to interrupt or impair the functioning of a health care facility or a public school; prohibiting a person from knowingly possessing ransomware with the intent to use the ransomware for the purpose of introduction into the computer, computer network, or computer system of another person without authorization; authorizing a victim of a certain offense to bring a civil action for damages against a certain person; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Jury Service - Disqualification. Description: Altering certain circumstances under which an individual who has been convicted of a crime is not qualified for jury service; and repealing a provision made obsolete by the Act.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Law Enforcement Officers - Use of Force, Reporting, and Whistleblower Protections. Description: Prohibiting a law enforcement officer from intentionally using excessive force; requiring a law enforcement officer to intervene to prevent another officer's use of excessive force; prohibiting a law enforcement officer from intentionally refusing to promptly provide or make a reasonable effort to obtain medical treatment for a person injured by a police officer's use of excessive force; requiring a law enforcement officer to make an immediate report to a superior regarding certain actions of another law enforcement officer; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Law Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights - Repeal and Procedures for Discipline. Description: Repealing certain provisions of the Law Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights; providing for the discipline of law enforcement officers; providing that provisions of the Act supersede and preempt any other law of the State, a county, or a municipal corporation; providing that a law enforcement agency or the agency's superior governmental authority and a collective bargaining unit may not enter into a certain agreement; recodifying certain provisions of law relating to certain employment rights and the expungement of certain records; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Adult High School Pilot Program - Funding and Grants. Description: Authorizing the Adult High School Pilot Program to provide grants to certain approved pilots; requiring the Governor to include a federal fund or general fund appropriation of $250,000 in the fiscal year 2022 budget to the Program and a federal fund or general fund appropriation of $250,000 in the fiscal year 2023 budget for certain pilots; and requiring the Program to use certain funds to provide a $250,000 grant in fiscal year 2022 to a certain pilot.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workgroup to Study and Implement a Statewide 3-1-1 Nonemergency Telephone System. Description: Establishing the Workgroup to Study and Implement a Statewide 3-1-1 Nonemergency Telephone System; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Workgroup; requiring the Workgroup to study and develop a plan regarding implementing a statewide 3-1-1 nonemergency telephone system; requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before November 1, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Contested Elections. Description: Prohibiting certain candidates from petitioning for a recount under certain circumstances; prohibiting a registered voter from filing a petition for a recount based on the certified results of a ballot question under certain circumstances; altering the circumstances under which a certain petitioner for a recount is not liable for the costs of the recount; providing that certain provisions of the Act apply only to persons that accept public campaign financing under certain provisions of law; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Neighborhood Revitalization - Passive House Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Passive House Pilot Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development to assist a nonprofit organization in partnership with neighboring high schools and institutes of higher education to provide students with career and technical educational experiences through the renovation of residential properties to become passive houses; requiring the Department to solicit proposals from nonprofit organizations that feature certain elements; requiring the Department to give priority to certain proposals; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Community Development Administration - Live Near Your School Program - Establishment. Description: Authorizing the Community Development Administration in the Department of Housing and Community Development to administer a home buyer assistance program that assists current students and recent graduates of public institutions of higher education to receive certain low-interest mortgages for the purchase of homes near their schools; authorizing the Administration to administer community development projects known as the Live Near Your School program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Insurance Commissioner - Specialty Mental Health Services and Payment of Claims - Enforcement. Description: Requiring the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to enforce a certain provision of law providing that the provisions of § 15-1005 of the Insurance Article apply to a certain delivery system for specialty mental health services and administered by an administrative services organization; prohibiting a certain administrative services organization from using certain funds or otherwise passing certain expenses onto the State; requiring a certain administrative services organization to pay certain interest to certain persons; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Technology Development Corporation – Inclusion Fund – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Inclusion Fund in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation as a special, nonlapsing fund to provide capital investment in certain technology-based businesses; requiring the Corporation to administer the Fund; requiring the State Treasurer to hold the Fund, and the Comptroller to account for the Fund; specifying the contents of the Fund; specifying the purpose for which the Fund may be used; providing for the investment of money in and expenditures from the Fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Fiduciary Insurance. Description: Authorizing the State to purchase a certain insurance policy to satisfy a bond requirement to protect certain losses of State Retirement and Pension System assets.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - COVID-19-Related Death Benefits - Clarification. Description: Clarifying the eligibility of certain members of the State Retirement and Pension System for certain death benefits when COVID-19 caused or contributed to the death of a member; requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to accept the death of a member as arising out of or in the course of the actual performance of duty under certain circumstances; requiring the Board, under certain circumstances, to discontinue payment of a certain allowance and begin payment of a certain special death benefit allowance; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Division of Parole and Probation - Definition of Absconding. Description: Altering a certain definition of "absconding" to include leaving an inpatient residential treatment facility that an individual was placed in under a court order for certain drug or alcohol treatment without the permission of a certain administrator.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcohol and Drug Counseling - Alcohol and Drug Trainees - Practice Through Telehealth. Description: Authorizing certain individuals to practice clinical drug and alcohol counseling without a license and drug and alcohol counseling without certification through telehealth if the individuals are working as trainees under the supervision of certain approved supervisors while completing certain experiential or course of study requirements.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Federal COVID-19 Relief Funding - Report. Description: Requiring the Department of Budget and Management to provide certain reports on federal COVID-19 relief funding; requiring the reports to be submitted on or before March 15, 2021, and quarterly through June 30, 2022; requiring the reports to identify any unmet funding needs of the State in responding to the COVID-19 pandemic and establish a plan to allocate additional federal funding received by the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Procurement - MBE Program Compliance Review and Oversight. Description: Requiring regulations of a primary procurement unit to require the unit to make a good faith effort to solicit at least one bid from a certified minority business enterprise for a small procurement in Category II and Category III of the State Procurement Regulations; requiring a certain report to the Governor's Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to state the total number and value of contracts entered into by the unit for which no minority business enterprise participation goals were established; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Workers' Compensation - Permanent Partial Disability - Detention and Correctional Officers. Description: Providing for enhanced workers' compensation benefits for a Baltimore County correctional officer and a Baltimore County detention officer for a compensable permanent partial disability of less than 75 weeks; and providing that the Act applies only prospectively.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Long-Term Care Planning. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, on or before April 1, 2022, to develop and publish materials to assist State residents with long-term care family planning; requiring the Department to make certain materials available in certain languages; requiring the Department to ensure that certain materials are understandable to individuals with limited literacy skills; requiring certain State agencies to update certain websites in a certain manner on or before April 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Veterans Trust Fund – CAM for Veterans Grant Program – Established (David Perez Military Heroes Act (End 22 a Day)). Description: Establishing the CAM for Veterans Grant Program to provide grants to veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety, depression, or stress for financial assistance to obtain certain medical treatments; requiring the Maryland Veterans Trust to implement and administer the Program; requiring the Trust to expend money from the Maryland Veterans Trust Fund to provide grants for the Program; and requiring the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to adopt certain regulations.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Emergency Management - Establishment and Transfer of Maryland 9-1-1 Board. Description: Renaming the Maryland Emergency Management Agency to be the Maryland Department of Emergency Management; establishing the Department as a principal department of the Executive Branch of State government; providing that the head of the Department is the Secretary of Emergency Management; requiring the Secretary to be appointed by the Governor with the advice and consent of the Senate; transferring the Maryland 9-1-1 Board from the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to the Department of Emergency Management; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Historic Revitalization Tax Credit - Small Commercial Projects - Alterations. Description: Increasing from $4,000,000 to $5,000,000 the maximum aggregate amount of initial tax credit certificates that the Director of the Maryland Historic Trust may issue for certain small commercial projects.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Lottery Fund - Maryland Humanities Council - Funding. Description: Repealing a requirement that the Comptroller pay an annual grant from the Racing Special Fund to the Maryland Humanities Council; and requiring the Comptroller to pay a grant of $150,000 from the State Lottery Fund to the Maryland Humanities Council for Maryland History Day and other programming.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture - Urban Agriculture Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Urban Agriculture Grant Program in the Department of Agriculture to increase the viability of urban farming and improve access to urban-grown foods; establishing an Urban Agriculture Grant Fund to provide grants to nonprofit organizations in Baltimore City; requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to administer the Fund; authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation for the Fund; requiring the Department to seek input from certain entities in adopting certain regulations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Maryland Oil Disaster Containment, Clean-Up and Contingency Fund and Oil Contaminated Site Environmental Cleanup Fund - Funding, Reallocation, Reimbursements, and Study. Description: Altering the basis for calculating a certain license fee credited to the Maryland Oil Disaster Containment, Clean-Up and Contingency Fund and the Oil Contaminated Site Environmental Cleanup Fund; authorizing the Maryland Oil Disaster Containment, Clean-Up and Contingency Fund to be used, in fiscal years 2022 through 2029, to reimburse a certain  residential owner of a heating oil tank; extending the date by which a residential owner may apply to the Oil Contaminated Site Environmental Cleanup Fund for reimbursement of certain costs; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Student Financial Aid - Outreach Plan and Reporting. Description: Requiring each county board of education to encourage and assist high school seniors to complete and submit certain financial aid forms by a certain deadline; requiring each county board to develop a certain outreach plan; requiring each county board, by October 1, 2022, and each October 1 thereafter, to send a copy of the plan to the State Department of Education, the Maryland Higher Education Commission, and certain committees of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts of Appeals and Special Appeals - Renaming. Description: Proposing an amendment to the Maryland Constitution to change the name of the Court of Appeals to be the Supreme Court of Maryland, to change the name of the Court of Special Appeals to be the Appellate Court of Maryland, to change the name of a Judge of the Court of Appeals to be a Justice of the Supreme Court of Maryland, and to change the name of the Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals to be the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Maryland; submitting the amendment to the qualified voters of the State for their adoption or rejection; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Constitutional Amendment - Civil Jury Trials. Description: Increasing the amount in controversy in civil proceedings in which the right to a jury trial may be limited by legislation from more than $15,000 to more than $25,000; and submitting the amendment to the qualified voters of the State for their adoption or rejection.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Civil Jury Trials - Amount in Controversy. Description: Increasing from $15,000 to $25,000 the maximum amount in controversy in a civil action in which a party may not demand a jury trial; providing for the construction and application of the Act; and making the Act contingent on the passage and ratification of a certain constitutional amendment.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Charging Procedures – Citations. Description: Altering the circumstances under which a police officer is required to charge by citation for certain misdemeanor or local ordinance violations that do not involve serious injury or an immediate health risk; altering the categories of offenses for which a police officer is authorized to charge by citation; altering the circumstances under which a police officer may charge a defendant by citation; adding a citation for an incarcerable crime as a document that may accompany a certain application for requisition; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Commission on Environmental Justice and Sustainable Communities - Reform. Description: Altering the membership of the Commission on Environmental Justice and Sustainable Communities; requiring the Commission's membership to reflect the diversity of the State to the extent practicable; requiring the Commission to meet at least six times a year; requiring the Commission to host at least four community listening sessions a year; requiring the Commission to conduct its meetings and sessions in different geographic locations in the State; requiring the sessions and meetings of the Commission to be accessible to all attendees; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Garrett County - Public Schools - Virtual Education Days Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Garrett County Virtual Education Days Pilot Program; authorizing the Garrett County Superintendent to order a virtual education day instead of closing a public school in the event of inclement weather; requiring the county superintendent to notify a public school principal as soon as possible after making a certain decision; requiring the Garrett County Board of Education to submit a report on its use of virtual education days to certain committees of the General Assembly by September 1, 2023; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B-D Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Establishing a Class B-D beer, wine, and liquor license in Allegany County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Allegany county to issue a Class B-D license for use by a certain restaurant; authorizing a license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption; requiring the license holder to submit a certain Food Alcohol Ratio Report to demonstrate compliance with a certain annual gross sales requirement; prohibiting more than two Class B-D licenses from being issued in a single year; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on the Economic Future of Western Maryland - Extension of Report Deadline and Task Force. Description: Extending the deadline for the reporting requirement for the Task Force on the Economic Future of Western Maryland to October 1, 2021; and extending the termination date for the Task Force.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Annual Fees. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Allegany County, for the 2020-2021 licensing period, to reimburse holders of certain alcoholic beverages licenses the entire amount of the annual license fee and to reimburse holders of certain other alcoholic beverages licenses a certain amount of the annual license fee for the 2021-2022 licensing period; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Administration of Benefits - Clarification. Description: Providing that certain vested former members of the Teachers' Pension System of the State Retirement and Pension System who meet certain criteria may commence receipt of a vested allowance while continuing certain employment with certain participating employers; requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to accept certain forms that were timely submitted; requiring certain individuals to submit a certain affidavit regarding the submission of a certain form; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles - Inspection Certificates - Exception. Description: Exempting the transfer of a used vehicle from a business entity to a majority owner of the business entity from the requirement to obtain a motor vehicle safety inspection certificate if the vehicle is primarily driven by the majority owner of the business entity and the business entity has been dissolved or is in the process of dissolution.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Voting - Permanent Absentee Ballot List, Ballot Drop Boxes, and Reports. Description: Requiring a local board of elections to designate the locations of ballot drop boxes in accordance with certain factors; requiring each local board to submit proposed ballot drop box locations to the State Administrator of Elections; requiring a local board to ensure the security of ballot drop boxes; requiring that certain guidelines for absentee voting established by the State Board provide for a permanent absentee ballot list; prohibiting canvassing, electioneering, or posting campaign material on a ballot drop box; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County – Barbershop and Beauty Salon Beer and Wine Licenses – Alterations. Description: Increasing from 5 ounces to 12 ounces the amount of beer that a holder of a barbershop or beauty salon beer and wine license in Frederick County may provide to a barbershop or beauty salon customer for on-premises consumption.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Licensure of Certified Midwives Act. Description: Establishing a licensing and regulatory system for the practice of certified midwifery under the State Board of Nursing; requiring the Board to set standards for the practice of certified midwifery, maintain a list of all licensed certified midwives in the State, and set certain fees; altering the circumstances under which the Board shall require an applicant or a licensee to submit to a certain examination; requiring the Board to give certain persons a hearing before taking certain actions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Condominiums, Homeowners Associations, and Cooperative Housing Corporations - Virtual Meetings. Description: Authorizing the governing body of a condominium, homeowners association, or cooperative housing corporation, notwithstanding language contained in certain governing documents, to authorize certain meetings to be conducted or attended by certain electronic means under certain circumstances; authorizing certain individuals who attend a meeting by certain electronic means to be deemed present for quorum and voting purposes; authorizing certain matters to be set for a vote at a certain virtual meeting; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State and Local Housing Programs - Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing. Description: Requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to report to the General Assembly and the Governor by December 1, 2023, and every 5 years thereafter, on the efforts by the State, political subdivisions, and housing authorities to promote fair housing choice and racial and economic housing integration; requiring the Department of Planning, in consultation with the Department of Housing and Community Development, on request of a local jurisdiction, to provide certain technical assistance; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs - Duties of the Special Secretary - Minority Business Enterprises. Description: Expanding the duties of the Special Secretary for the Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to include establishing a mentorship program, conducting a feasibility study for creating a technical assistance program to provide support to minority businesses in bids for procurement contracts, providing certain training and educational opportunities for nonminority prime contractors on their responsibilities with respect to minority businesses, and establishing a certain annual awards program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Information Act - Inspection of Records From Body-Worn Digital Recording Devices. Description: Requiring a custodian of records to deny inspection of the part of a recording from a certain body-worn digital recording device worn by a law enforcement officer regarding certain individuals; requiring certain notification of certain individuals; requiring the Police Training and Standards Commission to develop certain uniform standards and policies; requiring a custodian to deny inspection or copying of a certain recording by an individual who is under investigation or charged with a violation that is the subject of the recording; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Landlord and Tenant - Reusable Tenant Screening Reports. Description: Requiring that a reusable tenant screening report contain certain information regarding a prospective tenant of residential property; requiring a landlord to provide certain notice to prospective tenants regarding whether or not the landlord accepts reusable tenant screening reports; prohibiting a landlord that accepts a reusable tenant screening report from assessing certain fees; authorizing a landlord to require a prospective tenant to make a certain certification; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Planning – Preservation of Agricultural Land – Goal. Description: Establishing a State goal of preserving a total of 1,030,000 acres of productive agricultural land by 2030 through the Maryland Agricultural Land Preservation Foundation, the Maryland GreenPrint Program, the Rural Legacy Program, the Maryland Environmental Trust, the Next Generation Farmland Acquisition Program, and local land preservation programs; and declaring the intent of the General Assembly that the Act is intended to extend the deadline to meet the State's goal for  preservation from 2022 to 2030 and to include certain acreage.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Stadium License. Description: Altering the authorization of the holder of a stadium license in Frederick County to sell beer and wine in styrofoam containers on the licensed premises.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Minority Business Enterprise Program - Participation by Gender or Race. Description: Repealing a prohibition on counting a certain minority business enterprise as both a woman-owned business and a business owned by a member of an ethnic or racial group for purposes of the State Minority Business Enterprise Program; and requiring the Board of Public Works to adopt certain regulations.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property Transfer–on–Death Deed Task Force. Description: Establishing the Real Property Transfer-on-Death Deed Task Force to study other jurisdictions that have implemented the use of a transfer-on-death deed for real property; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; requiring the Task Force to study and make recommendations regarding the implementation of a transfer-on-death deed in the State; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore Regional Neighborhood Initiative Program Fund. Description: Extending the requirement to provide an annual appropriation of $12,000,000 in the State budget for the Baltimore Regional Neighborhood Initiative Program Fund to each fiscal year after 2020.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Wills - Custodianship. Description: Requiring a person having custody of a will to maintain custody of the will, except under certain circumstances; prohibiting the custodian of a will from taking certain actions related to the will, except under certain circumstances; authorizing the custodian of a will to deposit the will for safekeeping with a certain register of wills under certain circumstances; requiring the custodian of a will to deliver the will to certain persons under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Bay Restoration Fund - County Authority to Incur Indebtedness. Description: Authorizing a county to borrow money and incur indebtedness through the issuance and sale of notes in anticipation of the receipt of the county's allocation of funds from a certain separate account of the Bay Restoration Fund; authorizing a county to expend the net proceeds of the sale of a certain issue of notes only to make certain grants and loans or to refund one or more issues of notes; authorizing the principal of certain notes and the interest on certain notes to be paid from certain sources; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Procurement – Minority Business Enterprises – Qualification and Certification. Description: Requiring the Board of Public Works to adopt regulations to require the certification of a business as a minority business enterprise without requiring the business to file any additional paperwork other than evidence of certification under the federal Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program and evidence the business remains certified under the federal program.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Nursing Homes - Transfer of Ownership - Surveys. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to conduct a full survey within 3 months after the date of transfer of a licensed nursing home, and an unannounced, on-site follow-up survey within 120 days after the full survey was completed, if the ownership of the nursing home is transferred to a person that does not own or operate another nursing home in the State at the time of the transfer.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Airports - Commercial Activity - Rental Vehicles and Peer-to-Peer Car Sharing. Description: Establishing certain standards and requirements governing the provision of services and the granting of privileges by the Maryland Aviation Administration with respect to commercial activity undertaken by rental vehicle companies and peer-to-peer car sharing programs at State airports; establishing the Administration's authority over commercial activity at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport extends to a commercial zone that is within a 7-mile radius of the main terminal; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Growing Family Child Care Opportunities Pilot Program – Established. Description: Establishing the Growing Family Child Care Opportunities Pilot Program in the State Department of Education; authorizing the Department to provide grants to local jurisdictions or child care licensing regions to increase the supply and ensure the sustainability of family child care providers in areas with above average rates of poverty and unemployment; requiring the Department to report to the General Assembly by December 1, 2021, and each year thereafter, on the status of the Program and an evaluation of local pilot programs; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - 9-1-1 Emergency Telephone System - Alterations. Description: Requiring that certain providers of a 9-1-1-accessible service provide notice to certain entities in the event of a certain service outage lasting more than 30 minutes and affecting more than 600,000 user minutes; altering responsibilities and standards of the Maryland 9-1-1 Board to include support for certain 9-1-1 specialist recruitment activities; altering the purposes of the 9-1-1 Trust Fund to include funding for 9-1-1 specialist recruitment activities; prohibiting the Fund from being used for a certain purpose; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Alterations. Description: Repealing a requirement that a certain golf course have average daily receipts from the sale of food that exceed the average daily receipts from the sale of alcoholic beverages to be issued a certain Class B beer, wine, and liquor license by the Board of License Commissioners for Wicomico County; and authorizing the holder of a Class A beer, wine, and liquor license to sell alcoholic beverages on Sundays.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Solid Waste Management – Prohibition on Releasing a Balloon Into the Atmosphere. Description: Prohibiting a person who is at least 13 years old, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a nonprofit entity, the State, or any unit or political subdivision of the State from knowingly and intentionally releasing, or causing to be released, a balloon into the atmosphere; prohibiting a person from organizing or participating in a mass balloon release; requiring a person who violates the Act to perform 6 hours of community service or watch a video on environmental damage or both; establishing a $100 civil penalty; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: 2-1-1 Maryland - Mental Health Services Phone Call Program (The Thomas Bloom Raskin Act). Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in consultation with 2-1-1 Maryland, to make certain recommendations relating to the establishment of an opt-in mental health services phone call program that would require a center to call individuals who have opted into the mental health services phone call program on a periodic basis and attempt to connect individuals to a provider of mental health services under certain circumstances; authorizing the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation to carry out the Act; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - Maryland School for the Blind - Pay Plan. Description: Requiring a single, uniform pay plan for teachers and professional personnel at the Maryland School for the Blind; requiring the Secretary of Budget and Management to establish the pay plan after considering recommendations by the Board of Directors of the School; requiring the Board to review certain salaries in determining the pay plan recommendations; requiring the Board to submit the recommendations to the Secretary by June 1 prior to the July 1 of the first fiscal year in which the pay plan will take effect; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Procurement - Small Business Reserve Program - Administration and Application. Description: Providing that the Small Business Reserve Program applies to certain universities in the State; requiring the Governor's Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to establish certain guidelines for the administration of the Small Business Reserve Program and to take certain actions to assist small businesses with procurement procedures and opportunities; requiring that a unit assess certain procurements with a total dollar value of $500,000 or less and either designate the procurement for the Program or request a waiver; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Food System Resiliency Council. Description: Establishing the Maryland Food System Resiliency Council; providing that the goals of the Council are to address the food insecurity crisis in the State due to the pandemic, develop recommendations to increase the long-term resiliency of the food system, and develop by November 1, 2021, a plan to increase the production and procurement of Maryland certified food; requiring the Council to submit an interim report by November 1, 2021, and recommendations on a statewide food policy council to the General Assembly by November 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Personal Delivery Devices - Standards and Requirements. Description: Establishing an exception to motor vehicle registration requirements for personal delivery devices; authorizing a personal delivery device to operate on any roadway, sidewalk, shoulder, footpath, bicycle trail, or crosswalk in the State; creating certain marking, equipment, and insurance requirements for personal delivery devices being operated on roadways, sidewalks, shoulders, or crosswalks; requiring an operator of a personal delivery device to comply with certain local laws; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange – State–Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program. Description: Requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to establish and implement a State-Based Young Adult Health Insurance Subsidies Pilot Program to provide a means for young adults to reduce the amount they pay for health benefit plans in the individual health insurance market; requiring the Exchange, in consultation with the Maryland Insurance Commissioner and as approved by the Board of Trustees of the Exchange, to establish certain subsidy eligibility and payment parameters for calendar years 2022 and 2023; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany and Garrett Counties – Alcoholic Beverages – Gift Basket Permits. Description: Establishing, in Allegany County and Garrett County, gift basket permits; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Allegany County to issue a gift basket permit to certain persons; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Garrett County to issue a gift basket permit to certain persons; prohibiting each of the Boards from issuing the permit for certain uses; providing that the permit authorizes a permit holder to sell and deliver gift baskets containing beer, wine, or liquor to certain individuals; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Maryland Innovation Initiative University Partnership Pilot Program – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Innovation Initiative University Partnership Pilot Program within the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to expand opportunities for technology validation, entrepreneurial development, and industry engagement at eligible universities; requiring the Maryland Innovation Initiative within the Corporation to implement and administer the Pilot Program; authorizing Bowie State University and Frostburg State University to participate in the Pilot Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Notarial Acts - Remote Notarizations. Description: Expanding the availability of remote notarial acts to include certain will and trust documents; clarifying the application of certain provisions of law regarding identity proofing and credential analysis; establishing certain procedures for certain remote notarial acts; and affirming the validity of the notarization of certain documents in conformance with certain executive orders.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Pharmacists - Administration of Children's Vaccines - Study and Temporary Authority. Description: Authorizing a pharmacist, from July 1, 2021, to June 30, 2023, inclusive, to administer vaccinations to an individual who is at least 3 years old but under the age of 18 years if certain requirements are met; requiring the Prevention and Health Promotion Administration, in consultation with the State Board of Pharmacy, to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2021, certain information the Administration considers relevant to setting policies on the administration of vaccines to children by pharmacists; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Comprehensive Conservation Finance Act. Description: Providing that Department of Agriculture, the Department of Natural Resources, and the Maryland Environmental Trust must allow participants in certain programs to participate in and receive compensation from certain markets, credits, or programs under certain circumstances; authorizing certain units to enter into pay-for-success contracts with certain aggregators to procure certain environmental outcomes projects or already certified environmental outcomes; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George’s County – Alcoholic Beverages – BLX License. Description: Providing that the requirement to obtain a certain entertainment permit does not apply to the holder of a certain license under certain circumstances; authorizing a certain license holder to offer entertainment when persons under the age of 21 years are on the licensed premises if the license holder enters into a certain agreement with certain persons and the lease of the property on which the licensed premises is located contains certain provisions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development - COVID-19 Small Business Grant Program (COVID-19 Crisis Small Business Survival Program Act of 2021). Description: Establishing the Maryland COVID-19 Small Business Grant Program in the Department of Commerce to provide funding to counties for emergency relief during calendar years 2021 and 2022 for small businesses that have experienced at least a 25% reduction in gross receipts during the pandemic; authorizing a county to apply to the Department for a distribution of funds; authorizing a county to designate a county entity to receive and distribute the funds; authorizing a county to establish certain eligibility and application requirements; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Nursing - Certified Nursing Assistant Advisory Committee - Membership and Meetings. Description: Increasing the number of alternates that the State Board of Nursing is required to appoint for certain members of the Certified Nursing Assistant Advisory Committee; establishing certain qualifications for members of the advisory committee; prohibiting a member of the advisory committee from serving more than 2 consecutive full terms; requiring the State Board to fill a certain vacancy within 60 days after the date of the vacancy, to the extent practicable; altering the meeting requirements for the advisory committee; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations – State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners – Revisions. Description: Altering a certain requirement for certain State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners members who are licensed massage therapists; altering the education requirements for applicants to qualify for a certain license or registration by requiring that certain curriculums and programs be endorsed by the Commission on Massage Therapy or a certain equivalent entity; requiring the Criminal Justice Information System Central Repository to provide the Board with a certain revised statement under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health – State Designated Exchange – Clinical Information. Description: Requiring a nursing home, on request of the Maryland Department of Health, to electronically submit clinical information to the State designated exchange to facilitate certain objectives; providing that information submitted under the Act may be combined with other data maintained by the exchange to facilitate a state health improvement program, mitigate a public health emergency, and improve patient safety; providing that information submitted by a nursing home may be used only to facilitate certain objectives; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County - Board of Education - Membership Alterations. Description: Altering the manner of election for certain members of the Charles County Board of Education by specifying that members be elected from certain county commissioner districts; providing for the ballot requirements for a certain election; requiring the State Board of Elections to declare the election of certain candidates; providing for the qualifications of the elected members of the county board; authorizing the student member of the county board to vote on all matters before the board, with certain exceptions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County - Community Service and Pretrial Release Programs - Authorization. Description: Authorizing the Charles County Board of County Commissioners to establish a community service program and a pretrial release program in Charles County; providing that a court may order a person to participate in the community service program; providing for a fee of up to $40 for each 8-hour period of community service; providing for the court to order a person to participate in a pretrial release program; requiring staff of the pretrial release program to report any violations of a person's pretrial release immediately; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Police Officers - Promotional Appointments. Description: Altering the procedures used by the Police Commissioner of Baltimore City to award promotional appointments; and authorizing the Commissioner to remove certain applicants from the list of eligible appointees if the Civilian Review Board or the Baltimore City Police Department's Disciplinary Review Committee has sustained a certain misconduct complaint against the applicant between the time the applicant applied for the promotion and the time in which the applicant is to be selected for the promotion.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Service Commission - Damaged, Obsolete, or Excessive Lines - Study. Description: Requiring the Public Service Commission to convene a workgroup of interested persons to study damaged, dangling, obsolete, or redundant utility, telecommunication, or other lines, or blight or public nuisance caused by an excessive number of lines on utility poles in Maryland; requiring the workgroup to examine certain matters relating to utility, telecommunications, and other lines; and requiring the Commission to report to the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 40th District Alcoholic Beverages. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a Class C beer, wine, and liquor license in a certain area of the 40th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City under certain circumstances; prohibiting certain license holders in certain areas of the 40th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City from selling alcoholic beverages before 10 a.m. or after 10 p.m., with certain exceptions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Executive Directors - Membership and Vesting. Description: Requiring the Executive Director of the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission to be a sworn police officer with certain powers; providing that an individual who commences employment as the Executive Director of the State Retirement Agency on or after January 1, 2021, shall have immediate vesting rights in the Employees' Pension System; requiring the Board of Trustees for the State Retirement and Pension System to transfer certain service earned under certain circumstances; requiring the Board of Trustees to transfer certain contributions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Electricians Act - Revisions. Description: Altering the powers and duties of the State Board of Master Electricians; changing the name of the State Board of Master Electricians to the State Board of Electricians; prohibiting, beginning on July 1, 2021, local jurisdictions from issuing certain licenses; replacing local electrician licenses with local electrician registrations; prohibiting an individual from employing an individual to provide or assist in providing electrical services unless the individual meets certain licensing requirements; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup on Adaptive Reuse of Vacant Commercial Spaces. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Adaptive Reuse of Vacant Commercial Spaces to study the potential for conversion of vacant or underutilized commercial spaces into residential, mixed-use, and commercial spaces in order to increase the affordable housing stock in the State; requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before November 30, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Hunger-Free Campus Grant Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Hunger-Free Campus Grant Program to address student hunger and basic food needs on campus; requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to administer the Program, develop a certain form, and designate certain campuses as hunger-free campuses; authorizing certain public institutions of higher education to develop certain procedures and make certain information publicly available; requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2023, to include in the annual budget bill a $150,000 appropriation for the Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax Credit for Venison Donation - Reporting Requirement and Testing for Chronic Wasting Disease. Description: Requiring certain venison donation programs to report the name and home address of each donor who intended to claim the income tax credit and the number of deer donated by each donor who intended to claim the income tax credit to the Comptroller by January 31 each year; requiring the Department of Natural Resources to report to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2021, on testing of deer brought to deer processors for chronic wasting disease; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Work Sharing (Work Share Expansion Act of 2021). Description: Altering the definition of "affected employee" for purposes of certain provisions of law governing work sharing under the unemployment insurance law to include certain individuals who were rehired by an affected unit following a temporary closure or layoff due to the COVID-19 pandemic subject to flexibility for noncontinuous employment provided under federal guidance; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Maryland Prenatal and Infant Care Grant Program Fund. Description: Renaming the Maryland Prenatal and Infant Care Coordination Services Grant Program Fund to be the Maryland Prenatal and Infant Care Grant Program Fund; altering the purpose of the Fund to include making grants to federally qualified health centers, hospitals, and certain providers to increase access to prenatal care, which may include behavioral and oral health services; altering the proposals from counties or municipalities that are required to receive priority in the awarding of grants; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Regional Institution Strategic Enterprise Zone Program – Alterations. Description: Expanding the purposes of the Regional Institution Strategic Enterprise Zone Program; establishing the Regional Institution Strategic Enterprise Zone Fund in the Department of Commerce to finance certain rental assistance to business entities located in RISE zones; prohibiting the Secretary of Commerce from approving a RISE zone the geographic area of which exceeds 500 acres; altering eligibility for tax incentives that a business entity that locates in a RISE zone may receive; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland 529 Program – Board Authority and State Contribution – Alterations. Description: Authorizing the Maryland 529 Board to distribute certain fees in a certain manner; requiring an account holder of the Maryland Senator Edward J. Kasemeyer College Investment Plan to be a State resident and file taxes before July 15 each year to qualify for a State contribution; requiring a qualified beneficiary to be under the age of 26 years to receive a State contribution; prohibiting an account holder from qualifying for more than $9,000 of State contributions through a certain time period; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – West North Avenue Development Authority. Description: Establishing the West North Avenue Development Authority in Baltimore City to support the development and approval of a comprehensive neighborhood revitalization plan in the target area and the buffer zone; requiring membership of the Authority to include two members who are residents of communities impacted by the target area or buffer zone; authorizing the Authority to modify the boundaries of the target area and the buffer zone; requiring a report by the Authority on its comprehensive revitalization strategy by October 1, 2023; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Education Membership and Terms - Capability and Capacity Study of Education Agencies. Description: Requiring the Governor to appoint or reappoint a member of the State Board of Education on or before January 1 of the year in which the member's term expires; requiring members appointed to the State Board to reasonably reflect specified demographic diversity of the State, to the extent practicable; establishing qualifications for members of the Board; requiring a member's term to begin on the July 1 after appointment; requiring the Accountability and Implementation Board to contract with a consultant to conduct a certain study; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Police Accountability Act of 2021 - Baltimore City - Control of the Police Department of Baltimore City. Description: Providing that the Police Department of Baltimore City is an agency and instrumentality of the City of Baltimore, instead of the State, contingent on the passage of an amendment to the Charter of Baltimore City providing for the transfer and its ratification by the voters of Baltimore City; establishing an Advisory Board on the Transfer of Control of the Police Department to study issues related to the transfer; declaring the intent of the General Assembly that the transfer does not affect certain collective bargaining rights; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Digital Advertising Gross Revenues, Income, Sales and Use, and Tobacco Taxes - Alterations and Implementation. Description: Exempting, from a certain tax on annual gross revenues derived from digital advertising services in the State, advertisement services on digital interfaces owned or operated by or operated on behalf of a broadcast entity and news media entity; prohibiting a person who derives gross revenues from digital advertising in the State from passing on the cost to a certain customer; allowing, for a certain taxable year, a subtraction under the Maryland income tax for certain utility arrearages forgiven during that taxable year; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Visit Baltimore - Appropriation Calculation. Description: Requiring, for each fiscal year beginning on or after July 1, 2022, that the appropriation in the Baltimore City budget to Visit Baltimore will be calculated from the actual hotel room tax receipts received from the immediately preceding 3-year rolling average; and extending to 2027 the termination date of the appropriation for Visit Baltimore.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County – Alcoholic Beverages – Alcohol by Volume – Wine. Description: Altering the percentage of alcohol by volume that establishments holding certain alcoholic beverages licenses may serve in Frederick County to 22%.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Consumption Permits. Description: Establishing a beer and wine consumption permit and a beer, wine, and liquor consumption permit in Frederick County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue the permits to holders of Class A alcoholic beverages licenses to allow for on-premises consumption of beer and wine; requiring an applicant for a permit to submit an application to the Board; authorizing the Board to issue a permit under certain circumstances; providing for the renewal of a permit; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Property Tax Credit - Hotel or Residential Development. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Wicomico County or the governing body of a municipal corporation in Wicomico County to grant a property tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on real property that is used for certain hotel or residential development projects that add substantially to the assessed value of the property; authorizing the governing body of Wicomico County or the governing body of a municipal corporation in Wicomico County to provide for certain matters relating to the property tax credit; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Office of Minority Health and Health Disparities and Maryland Health Care Commission – Reporting Requirements. Description: Altering a certain provision of law requiring the Maryland Office of Minority Health and Health Disparities to collaborate with the Maryland Health Care Commission to publish and provide a certain report card to require the report card to include the racial and ethnic composition of all individuals who hold a certain license or certificate, rather than only physicians; requiring the report card to include a comparison of certain information; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Inmate Training and Job Act of 2021. Description: Establishing the Inmate Training and Job Pilot Program at certain institutions of postsecondary education to provide educational and vocational training opportunities for inmates in the 12 months preceding the inmate's date of release; requiring the Pilot Program to be administered by the Maryland Higher Education Commission and the governing entity of each institution; requiring the Division of Corrections and the Commission to develop a hybrid virtual and in-person learning environment in the system by June 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment – Economic Stabilization Act – Alterations. Description: Prohibiting an employee from counting in the determination of a reduction in operations if the employee accepts an offer to transfer to any other site of employment within 30 days of the offer, for the purposes of certain provisions of law; altering the persons to whom an employer is required to provide certain notice of a reduction in operations; altering the information required to be included in a certain notice of a reduction in operations; exempting an employer from a certain notice requirement under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development – Western Maryland Economic Future Investment Board and Fund – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Western Maryland Economic Future Investment Board; establishing the Western Maryland Economic Future Investment Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund to provide grant funding to capital infrastructure projects and business development projects that improve the economic conditions in the region; requiring the Governor, for fiscal years 2023 through 2027, to include in the operating or capital budget an appropriation of at least $7,500,000 to the Fund, etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County - Memorial Hospital - Board Membership and Meetings. Description: Altering the membership of the Board of Governors of the Garrett County Memorial Hospital; altering the terms of the members of the Board; and reducing the mandatory number of Board meetings from 10 to 6.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard and Geothermal Heating and Cooling Systems. Description: Altering the renewable energy portfolio standard in certain years to require a certain percentage of energy from Tier 1 renewable sources each year to be derived from certain geothermal heating and cooling systems; requiring that a certain percentage of energy required to be derived from certain geothermal heating and cooling systems be from systems installed on certain property; altering the methods for calculating certain energy savings; providing for the regulation and enforcement of certain requirements by the Department of Labor; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance – Computation of Earned Rate of Contribution – Applicable Table of Rates. Description: Requiring the Governor, based on the availability of certain federal funds, to include in the annual budget bill for fiscal year 2022 a certain appropriation to the Unemployment Insurance Trust Fund; authorizing the appropriation to be used for certain administrative costs, including the repayment of certain federal funds; and requiring that the earned rate of contributions for calendar year 2023 be calculated using a certain table of unemployment insurance rates.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health Facilities - Sexual Abuse and Harassment - Reporting and Prevention. Description: Requiring residential treatment facilities to report complaints of sexual abuse and sexual harassment within 24 hours of receiving the complaint to the Behavioral Health Administration, the Office of Health Care Quality, or in the case of a minor, to Child Protective Services; requiring the Office and the Administration to develop and implement a certain reporting system; requiring facilities to develop and implement policies and procedures for responding to complaints of sexual abuse and harassment of patients receiving treatment; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Employer Contributions and Reimbursement Payments. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Labor to offer to employing units for certain calendar years a variety of payment plan options that spread certain contribution due dates through the end of August; requiring the Secretary to offer a variety of additional payment plan options; authorizing certain employing units to elect to delay submitting certain contributions for certain calendar quarters; altering the nonprofit and governmental entities that may elect to defer payment of reimbursement bills for calendar year 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Study on System Reforms. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor, in consultation with the Department of Legislative Services, to conduct a study regarding reforms to the State's unemployment insurance system; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to report monthly to the Department of Legislative Services and the Joint Committee on Unemployment Insurance Oversight on the status of the study, to consult with other stakeholders, and to consider any report of the National Academy of Social Insurance Unemployment Insurance Task Force of 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance – Maryland Department of Labor – Accountability and Oversight. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to post on its website certain reports on the administration and operation of the State's unemployment insurance laws by the first day of each month; establishing that a disaster exists if the Department, for 4 consecutive weeks, fails to pay at least 82% of first payments within 21 days after the week ending date of the first compensable week in the benefit year; requiring the Department to submit a disaster report within 7 days after the disaster declaration; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment Insurance - Weekly Benefit Amount - Income Disregard. Description: Increasing to $200 the maximum amount of wages disregarded when computing the weekly benefit amount to be paid to an unemployment insurance benefits claimant; and terminating the Act on the date that the COVID-19 pandemic ends under Title 14 of the Public Safety Article.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Wills, Powers of Attorney, and Advance Directives - Electronic Execution. Description: Altering certain provisions of law related to the execution of wills, powers of attorney, and advance directives to authorize the electronic execution and remote witnessing of those documents under certain circumstances; providing that a will, a power of attorney, a notarization of a power of attorney, or an advance directive executed in conformance with the provisions of certain executive orders shall be deemed to satisfy certain requirements under the Act; applying the Act retroactively; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Manufacturer's Licenses and Off-Site Permits. Description: Repealing certain provisions relating to brewing company, winery, and distillery off-site permits; establishing a manufacturer's off-site permit with certain privileges; authorizing the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission to issue a brewery special event permit; altering the volumes of beer that the holders of certain licenses may produce and distribute annually; authorizing holders of certain manufacturer's licenses to sell and deliver products produced under the holder's license to individuals located in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Cecil County - Board of Education - Member Terms and Compensation. Description: Increasing to three the number of terms a voting member of the Cecil County Board of Education may serve; requiring the County Council of Cecil County to set the amount of compensation for members of the county board; altering the minimum amount of compensation the president and other voting members of the county board are entitled to receive; and providing that the Act does not apply to the compensation of the president or other voting members of the county board during a certain term of office.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Broadband Providers - Joint Trenching and Fee (Building Out Broadband Act of 2021). Description: Authorizing a county or municipal corporation to adopt certain policies to advance progress of infrastructure, equipment, and systems needed to extend certain broadband access to underserved areas; requiring the Department of Transportation and units of local government to allow joint trenching by broadband providers under certain circumstances; exempting counties and municipal corporations within the jurisdiction of the Washington Suburban Sanitary District from certain requirements; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Secretary of Health - School-Based Health Centers - Guidelines and Administration of Grants. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Health, in consultation with the State Department of Education and other stakeholders, to develop certain guidelines for school-based health centers; requiring the Governor to transfer the administration of school-based health center grants from the State Department of Education to the Bureau of Maternal and Child Health within the Maryland Department of Health on or before July 1, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Southern Maryland - Dwelling Registration and Inspection - Fees and Fines. Description: Authorizing code home rule counties of the Southern Maryland class to require a certain property owner to register certain property with the county in order to offer the property for lease; authorizing code home rule counties of the Southern Maryland class to charge a fee for registering certain property with the county and to impose a fine for a dwelling that is not registered; authorizing code home rule counties of the Southern Maryland class to conduct certain inspections and impose certain fines for certain violations; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County – Alcoholic Beverages – Class 4 Limited Winery License. Description: Exempting a holder of a Class 4 limited winery license from a certain restriction on interactions with retailers in Charles County; and authorizing a holder of a Class 4 limited winery license to have a financial interest in a certain other license in Charles County.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harassment and Sexual Harassment – Definitions – Employment Discrimination and Sexual Harassment Prevention Training. Description: Altering the definition of "harassment" and defining "sexual harassment" for purposes of certain provisions relating to discrimination in employment to include conduct, which need not be severe or pervasive, that consists of unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, or other conduct of a sexual nature under certain circumstances; altering the definition of "sexual harassment" for certain provisions relating to State government sexual harassment prevention training; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Dental Examiners Disciplinary Process and Actions Report. Description: Requiring the State Board of Dental Examiners to study and make recommendations on certain matters; and requiring the Board to report to the Governor and the General Assembly by November 1, 2021, its findings and recommendations regarding necessary revisions to the disciplinary process and actions of the State Board of Dental Examiners to improve the process of disciplining dentists in the State.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health - Advance Care Planning and Advance Directives. Description: Requiring the Maryland Health Care Commission to coordinate the implementation of advance care planning programs in the State; requiring each health insurance carrier to offer electronic advance directives to its members and enrollees during open enrollment and periodically thereafter; and requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to submit a certain report to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2021.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax - Community Solar Energy Generating Systems. Description: Establishing certain community solar energy generating systems as a subclass of personal property; providing that the county tax rate applicable to certain community solar energy generating systems may be a different rate from the county tax rate applicable to other personal property, subject to a certain limitation; authorizing a county or municipal government body to exempt, by law, personal property that is a certain community solar energy generating system from a county or municipal corporation property tax under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education – Workforce Development Sequence Scholarships – Eligibility. Description: Altering the definition of "eligible student" to include students enrolled directly in registered apprenticeship programs that partner with a public community college in the State to be eligible for Workforce Development Sequence Scholarships.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Home Energy Assistance - Critical Medical Needs Program - Power to the People Pilot Program. Description: Requiring the Office of Home Energy Programs, in coordination with the United Way of Central Maryland and the Fuel Fund of Maryland, to establish the Power to the People Pilot Program on or before July 1, 2022, to expand access to the Critical Medical Needs Program; requiring the Pilot Program to provide training for certain individuals in the Critical Medical Needs Program; requiring the United Way of Central Maryland to develop a certain screening intake process; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Frederick County Board of Education – Vacancies. Description: Altering the method for filling a vacancy on the Frederick County Board of Education; specifying that an individual appointed to fill a vacancy serves for the remainder of a certain term and until a successor is elected and qualifies except that, under certain circumstances, the individual serves only until a successor is elected at the next general election; specifying how certain positions are to be filled at a general election; establishing the manner for nominating candidates for vacated offices; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Crimes - Penalties and Procedures (Violent Firearms Offender Act of 2021). Description: Requiring the Commissioner of Correction to provide a certain inmate with a reentry kit that includes clothing, an identification card, contact information on reentry services, information on Medicaid and the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange, and transportation; providing that a person who uses a firearm in the commission of a crime of violence is guilty of a felony and establishing certain penalties; prohibiting a dealer or other person from selling, renting, loaning, or transferring a regulated firearm under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile Law - Juvenile Justice Reform Council Extension and Grant Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2023, to appropriate at least $2,000,000 in the annual budget bill for a grant to Roca Baltimore, LLC; requiring the Juvenile Justice Reform Council to submit a supplemental report on its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by October 1, 2021; and extending the termination date of the Council to June 30, 2022.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Queen Anne's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Unannounced Visits by Inspectors. Description: Decreasing the frequency, from 60 to 180 days, for when an alcoholic beverages inspector is required to make an unannounced visit to licensed premises in Queen Anne's County.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Queen Anne's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Repeal of Place of Worship Prohibition. Description: Repealing a prohibition on the Board of License Commissioners for Queen Anne's County from issuing a license to an establishment located within 500 feet of a place of worship.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Electric Companies - Billing Information. Description: Requiring an electric company to provide to a retail electricity customer on request the historic usage and billing information for not less than the preceding 12 months; and providing that the electric company must make the information available, as requested by the customer, either on the company's website, electronically to the customer in a PDF format, or sent to the customer's billing address.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health - Maryland Behavioral Health and Public Safety Center of Excellence - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Behavioral Health and Public Safety Center of Excellence within the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services; requiring the Center to monitor and analyze its models, plans, policies, strategies, programs, technical assistance, and training in order to identify opportunities to reduce and eliminate disparities in the criminalization of racial minorities with behavioral health disorders; requiring the Office to appoint certain individuals to oversee the Center; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Housing and Community Development – Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program – Establishment. Description: Establishing the Appraisal Gap From Historic Redlining Financial Assistance Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development to make financial assistance available to affordable housing developers working in low-income census tracts in order to help close appraisal gaps that occur in historically redlined neighborhoods; requiring the Department to submit an annual report to certain committees of the General Assembly on the funding for census tracts with a majority racial minority population; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Public Facilities Bond. Description: Authorizing and empowering the County Commissioners of St. Mary's County to borrow not more than $30,000,000 in order to finance the construction, improvement, or development of certain public facilities in St. Mary's County, and to effect such borrowing by the issuance and sale at public or private sale of its general obligation bonds in like par amount; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Arrest Warrants Issued by District Court Commissioners - Recall by Judge. Description: Authorizing a judge of the District Court or judge of a circuit court, on a finding of good cause, to recall an arrest warrant issued by a District Court commissioner and issue a summons in its place.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workgroup to Study Partial Expungement. Description: Altering the name of the Partial Expungement Workgroup to be the Workgroup to Study Partial Expungement; altering the composition of the Workgroup; requiring the Workgroup to study and develop a plan and legislative recommendations for enabling the expungement of criminal charges that are currently not eligible for expungement because of the requirements of § 10-107 of the Criminal Procedure Article; requiring the Workgroup to submit a report to the General Assembly on or before January 5, 2022; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Annual Corrective Bill. Description: Correcting certain errors or omissions in certain articles of the Annotated Code; clarifying language; correcting certain obsolete references; reorganizing certain sections of the Annotate Code; providing that the Act is not intended to affect any law other than to correct technical errors; providing for the correction of certain errors and obsolete provisions by the publishers of the Annotated Code; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Annual Curative Bill. Description: Generally curing previous Acts of the General Assembly with possible title defects.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Operating Budget - Education Programs - Mandated Funding. Description: Requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill for fiscal year 2023 an appropriation to each program under Funding for Educational Organizations equal to the greater of the funding the program received in fiscal year 2020, 2021 or 2022 and an additional $150,000.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tobacco Tax and Sales and Use Tax - Out-of-State Sales of Premium Cigars and Pipe Tobacco and Tobacco Smoking Devices. Description: Altering the definition of "other tobacco products" to exclude a certain item; requiring a person located outside the State to have a certain license in order to sell premium cigars or pipe tobacco to a consumer in the State; requiring the Executive Director of the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission to issue a certain license; authorizing the holder of a remote tobacco seller license to sell premium cigars and pipe tobacco to consumers in the State; establishing the requirements for an applicant for a remote tobacco seller license; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic and Community Development - Income Tax Credit for Catalytic Revitalization Projects and Historic Revitalization Tax Credit. Description: Allowing a credit against the State income tax to individuals, nonprofit organizations, or business entities for certain new construction costs and rehabilitation costs for certain catalytic revitalization projects; requiring the Secretary of Housing and Community Development to issue tax credit certificates in a certain amount; requiring the Governor, in each of fiscal years 2023 and 2024, to include in the budget bill an appropriation to the Historic Revitalization Tax Credit Reserve Fund of at least $12,000,000; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transfer With Success Act. Description: Requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to establish certain procedures that require a public institution of higher education that denies the transfer of a credit or course to an enrolled student to report the denial to the student and the institution from which the student originates and submit to the Commission a report each year listing the denials and the reasons for the denials; and requiring the procedures to direct a certain institution to review a denial of the transfer of a credit or course.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax Credit – Business Entities – State of Emergency. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to grant a tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on real or personal property owned or leased by a business entity affected by a state of emergency declared under Title 14 of the Public Safety Article; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after June 30, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Speed Monitoring Systems - Maryland Route 175 (Jessup Road). Description: Authorizing the placement and use of speed monitoring systems on Maryland Route 175 (Jessup Road) in Anne Arundel County between the Maryland Route 175/295 interchange and the Anne Arundel County-Howard County line, subject to certain placement and signage requirements; requiring a certain real-time display of a driver's traveling speed for a speed monitoring system operating on Maryland Route 175 (Jessup Road) between the Maryland Route 175/295 interchange and the Anne Arundel County-Howard County line; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unemployment - Insurance Revisions and Special Enrollment Period for Health Benefits. Description: Requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to open a special or other enrollment period for an individual who consents to share information through a certain system; establishing certain requirements for a certain enrollment period; authorizing the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to conduct outreach to an individual who consents to share information using certain methods; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to take certain actions to carry out the State's unemployment insurance law; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Post-Crisis Jobs Act of 2021. Description: Authorizing certain applicants to complete certain education or training requirements through a certain digital learning program; requiring the Department of Labor to provide to the chief elected official of a county demographic data and the addresses, occupations, and last known employers of unemployment insurance recipients in the county; establishing the Digital Learning Conversion Grant Program, the Basic Numeracy and Literacy Skills Grant Program, and the Recruitment of High Growth Industries Workers Grant Program; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: University System of Maryland - Student Fees - Review and Spending. Description: Requiring the presidents of University System of Maryland institutions to ensure that the student fee committee of record is presented with any proposed fees for their review; requiring the amount of the fee, the students who will be charged the fee, and the proposed use of the revenues generated to be provided to the student fee committee; requiring certain revenues to be spent by a certain campus unit or department in a manner consistent with the intended purpose for which the fee exists; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Emergency Management - Resilient Maryland Revolving Loan Fund. Description: Establishing the Resilient Maryland Revolving Loan Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund; establishing the purpose of the Fund; authorizing uses for the Fund; requiring certain loans to be for a fixed period; requiring the Maryland Emergency Management Agency (MEMA) to administer the Fund; requiring MEMA to prioritize making loans to certain projects; exempting the Fund from a certain provision of law; requiring MEMA to prioritize making loans to projects it determines to have the greatest impact on eliminating hazards; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development - Cyber Workforce Program and Fund - Established. Description: Establishing the Cyber Workforce Program in the Partnership for Workforce Quality Program; providing for the purpose of the Cyber Program; requiring the Secretary of Commerce to direct the Cyber Program; requiring the Secretary to establish certain criteria and priorities for assistance under the Cyber Program; requiring the Secretary to submit a certain report on the operation and performance of the Cyber Program; establishing the Cyber Workforce Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Local Government Tort Claims Act - Cambridge Waterfront Development, Inc.. Description: Altering the definition of a "local government" under the Local Government Tort Claims Act to include Cambridge Waterfront Development, Inc., in Dorchester  County; providing that a certain notice requirement does not apply to certain actions against Cambridge Waterfront Development, Inc., in Dorchester County or its employees; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax - Study on Tax-Free Periods - University and College Textbooks. Description: Requiring the Comptroller, in consultation with the Maryland Higher Education Commission, to conduct a certain study on designating certain periods each year to be tax-free periods during which an exemption from the sales and use tax is provided for the sale of certain textbooks purchased by certain students; requiring the Comptroller, in conducting the study, to make a certain presumption; requiring the Comptroller to submit a report of its findings and any recommendations on or before December 31, 2021; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Critical Medical Needs Program - Application for Assistance. Description: Requiring the Office of Home Energy Programs to allow 90 days after applying for assistance for an individual to provide certain medical certification when a critical medically vulnerable individual applies for assistance from the Critical Medical Needs Program if the applicant is at least 60 years old and assisted by a navigator.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Capital Projects - Minority Business Enterprise Goals. Description: Requiring the Governor's Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs, prior to the release of State funds for a certain capital project that receives at least $3,000,000 in a single fiscal year, to review the project for subcontracting opportunities under the State Minority Business Enterprise Program and, if practicable, establish minority business enterprise subgoals for the project; requiring the Office to consider minority business enterprises when setting certain subgoals; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Unlawful Employment Practice - Statute of Limitations and Remedies. Description: Increasing the limitations on the amount of compensatory damages and punitive damages that may be awarded to a complainant in a certain unlawful employment case; increasing the period of time, from 2 years to 3 years, for which a claimant may recover back pay in a certain unlawful employment case; and increasing the period of time, from 2 years to 3 years, during which a complainant may file a civil action that alleges an unlawful employment practice that does not allege harassment.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program - Heat and Eat Program and Study on Maryland Energy Assistance Program Eligibility. Description: Establishing the Heat and Eat Program within the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program in the Department of Human Services for the purpose of expanding food access to households that are receiving or are eligible for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits; requiring the Department to study the feasibility of establishing automatic eligibility and approval for participation in the Maryland Energy Assistance Program for households receiving or eligible to receive certain benefits under State and federal law; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sheriff of Baltimore City. Description: Authorizing all full-time sworn law enforcement officers who are deputy sheriffs at the rank of lieutenant or below and court security officers in Baltimore City to collectively bargain with the Secretary of Budget and Management and the Sheriff of Baltimore City; requiring the Sheriff and the Secretary to recognize an exclusive representative for the purpose of collective bargaining; authorizing the Sheriff, the Secretary, and the exclusive representative to select the number of individuals designated to represent the respective parties; etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Taxes - Whistleblower Reward Program and Statute of Limitations for Tax Collections. Description: Establishing a certain whistleblower reward program within the Office of the Comptroller; providing that a certain whistleblower who voluntarily provides certain information to the Comptroller shall be entitled to receive a certain monetary award under certain circumstances; providing for the determination and allocation of the amount of an award if two or more whistleblowers are eligible for the award; providing that the determination of the amount of the award shall be solely in the discretion of the Comptroller; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Horse Racing - Fair Hill Natural Resources Management Area. Description: Requiring the Maryland Racing Commission to issue a license to the Cecil County Breeders' Fair, Inc. to hold no more than eight one-day race meetings each year; requiring the licensee to deduct from the handle an amount not to exceed to 25%, and to pay 36% of the amount deducted from the handle, excluding the breakage, to the Fair Hill Improvement Fund; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development – Maryland Stadium Authority – Hagerstown Multi–Use Sports and Events Facility. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Stadium Authority to review and make recommendations on the Hagerstown Multi-Use Sports and Events Facility; authorizing the Authority to acquire a site or an interest in a site for the Facility; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $3,750,000 for the Hagerstown Multi-Use Sports and Events Facility Fund; requiring the Hagerstown-Washington County Industrial Foundation to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 31 each year; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Institutions of Higher Education - Prohibition Against Incentive Payments - Foreign Student Exemption. Description: Altering the application of certain provisions of law prohibiting an institution of higher education from paying certain financial or other incentives based on certain success to exempt the recruitment of foreign students who reside in a foreign country and are not eligible to receive federal student assistance.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - School Facilities and Public Safety Surcharges and Report - Sunset Extension and Report. Description: Extending the date by which Prince George's County is required to report findings on the impact of the school facilities and public safety surcharges from December 1, 2020, to December 1, 2022; extending the termination date from June 30, 2021, to June 30, 2024, for certain provisions of law that reduce the school facilities surcharge for certain multifamily housing, exempt certain dwelling units from the surcharge, and authorize Prince George's County to conduct a certain review and take certain actions; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Regulation - Access to Banking and Financial Services - Reporting. Description: Requiring the Commissioner of Financial Regulation to submit a certain report that analyzes the banking environment in the State to the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2021; and requiring the report to include the number and types of financial institutions by jurisdiction, identification of banking deserts, and recommended strategies for ensuring that residents of underserved areas have access to financial services.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: University of Maryland Strategic Partnership Act of 2016 - Appropriations, Degree and Credential Programs, and Center for Cybersecurity. Description: Establishing the Center for Cybersecurity at the University of Maryland Baltimore County to be housed within the College of Engineering and Information Technology and to provide certain assistance related to cybersecurity; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of at least $3,000,000 for the Center; requiring the Center to report to the General Assembly by October 1 each year on the use of State funds for certain purposes in the field of cybersecurity; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Annual Fees. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County, for the 2020-2021 licensing period, to reimburse holders of certain alcoholic beverages licenses the entire amount of the annual license fee under certain circumstances; and requiring the Board, for the 2020-2021 licensing period, to reimburse a certain percentage of the annual license fee for certain alcoholic beverages licenses under certain circumstances and to reimburse a certain amount of the annual license fees the next fiscal year under certain circumstances.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Historic St. Mary's City Fort to 400 Commission. Description: Establishing the Historic St. Mary's City Fort to 400 Commission to plan and conduct observances commemorating the 400th year of Maryland's founding in 2034; requiring the membership of the Commission to reflect the diversity of the State to the extent practical; requiring the Commission to meet at least twice a year; requiring the Commission to provide an update to the Governor and the General Assembly by November 1, 2022, and each year thereafter on the plan of action for the commemoration;  etc.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Veterans Affairs – Office of Communications and Public Affairs – Veterans Advocacy and Education Act. Description: Altering the name of the Outreach and Advocacy Program in the Department of Veterans Affairs to be the Office of Communications and Public Affairs; requiring the Office, in collaboration with the Maryland Higher Education Commission, to actively help veterans and their dependents become aware of and access certain benefits; altering certain responsibilities of the director of the Office; repealing a certain requirement that the Department develop and maintain a certain database of veterans in the State; etc.
In 2021, Maryland passed a bill titled: Nonpublic Special Education Schools - State Contribution - Increase. Description: Requiring the State contribution to the cost of educating children with disabilities in nonpublic programs to be increased for certain purposes in fiscal year 2023 by 4% over the amount approved by the State Department of Education in fiscal year 2022; and requiring the State contribution to be increased in fiscal year 2023 by not less than an additional 2% or the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, whichever is greater, for certain purposes.
In 2021, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources – Fishing – Wild–Caught Blue Catfish. Description: Opposing certain inspection rules promulgated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture that have drastically impeded the harvest and sale of blue catfish and thus rendered the State unable to adequately use the commercial harvest as a form of control over the invasive blue catfish species; urging the U.S. Congress to amend 21 U.S.C. § 601(w) to exempt the wild catch of domestic catfish from certain inspection requirements; and requiring a copy of the Resolution to be forwarded to certain elected officials.
In 2021, Maryland enrolled a bill titled: Natural Resources – Fishing – Wild–Caught Blue Catfish. Description: Opposing certain inspection rules promulgated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture that have drastically impeded the harvest and sale of blue catfish and thus rendered the State unable to adequately use the commercial harvest as a form of control over the invasive blue catfish species; urging the U.S. Congress to amend 21 U.S.C. § 601(w) to exempt the wild catch of domestic catfish from certain inspection requirements; and requiring a copy of the Resolution to be forwarded to certain elected officials.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Built to Learn Act of 2020. Description: Requiring or authorizing, under certain circumstances, the Maryland Stadium Authority to contract for, manage, and oversee certain public school facility projects; authorizing the Prince George's County government and Board of Education to enter into a certain public-private partnership to enhance the delivery of public school construction projects in the county; requiring the Governor, beginning in fiscal year 2020, to include in the annual budget certain supplemental funding to be used for certain educational purposes; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Business Regulation – Tobacco Products – Electronic Smoking Devices, Prohibition on Flavoring, and Sales to Military Members. Description: Providing that licenses to manufacture, sell, buy, and store cigarettes do not authorize the licensee to manufacture, ship, import, or sell into or within the State a cigarette that has a characterizing flavor; providing that a public statement that cigarettes or other tobacco products have or produce a certain smell or taste is presumptive evidence that they have a characterizing flavor if the statement is made by certain persons: prohibiting the sale of electronic smoking devices by mail or certain other networks; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Crimes - Hate Crimes - Use of an Item or a Symbol to Threaten or Intimidate. Description: Prohibiting a person from placing or inscribing an item or a symbol, including an actual or depicted noose or swastika, whether temporary or permanent, on any real or personal property, public or private, without the express permission of the owner, owner's agent, or lawful occupant of the property, with the intent to threaten or intimidate any person or group of persons; and establishing that a penalty of imprisonment not exceeding 3 years or a fine not exceeding $5,000 or both applies to a violation of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - 9-1-1 Fees - Audits. Description: Requiring telephone companies and commercial mobile radio service (CMRS) providers to keep records of 9-1-1 fees collected and remitted for at least four years after the fees are remitted; requiring the Comptroller, in consultation with the Emergency Number Systems Board, to adopt procedures for auditing surcharge collection and remittance by telephones companies and CMRS providers; providing the Comptroller is entitled to .5% of the fees to cover the expense of conducting audits; authorizing the Comptroller to adopt certain regulations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Buildings - Changing Facilities - Personal Care for Adults. Description: Requiring, except under certain circumstances, that changing facilities suitable for changing the diaper of a child and providing personal care for an adult be installed in certain public restrooms in certain public buildings by October 1, 2020; requiring certain entities to report to 2-1-1 Maryland, Inc., the location of changing facilities when changing facilities are installed; requiring 2-1-1 to maintain a list of changing facilities on its website; requiring the Board of Public Works to adopt certain standards; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Veterans Affairs - Homes for Veterans - Veterans of Uniformed Service. Description: Altering the eligibility for a certain veteran to reside at a home for veterans that is supervised by the Department of Veterans Affairs to include a veteran who has an honorable discharge from active service with a uniformed service of the United States.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Solid Waste Management - Prohibition on Releasing a Balloon Into the Atmosphere. Description: Prohibiting a person from knowingly and intentionally releasing or causing to be released, or organizing the release of, a certain balloon into the atmosphere; authorizing the Department to delegate certain enforcement authority to a certain unit, officer, or official of a local government; requiring a certain unit, officer, or official of a local government with delegated enforcement authority to report certain violations to the Department; establishing a maximum civil penalty of $250 for a violation of the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Equal Pay for Equal Work - Inquiring About Wages - Prohibition on Adverse Action. Description: Prohibiting an employer from taking any adverse employment action against an employee for inquiring about the employee's wages.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Agricultural Land Preservation Foundation - Valuation of Easement. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Agricultural Land Preservation Foundation to use a fair market value determined in accordance with certain provisions of law for up to 2 years after the date on which the Foundation was first requested in writing to purchase the easement.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Abandoned Property in Possession of a Museum. Description: Authorizing certain museums located in the State to claim title to property that is on permanent loan or that was loaned for a certain term that has expired by giving notice that the museum is terminating the loan of the property; authorizing a museum to take possession of certain property if the lender fails to respond to a notice provided by certified mail within 60 days; authorizing a museum to acquire a certain lien for the costs of certain conservation measures taken on the property; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Dorchester County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class C Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Dorchester County, rather than the Dorchester County Council, to issue a Class C beer, wine, and liquor license; altering the authorized holders of the license to include a nonprofit organization operating on certain premises known as Governors Hall at Sailwinds Park under certain circumstances rather than Sailwinds of Cambridge, Inc.; and requiring the Board, rather than the County Council, to remit the $1,000 license fee under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums and Homeowners Associations - Amendments to Declarations and Governing Documents. Description: Establishing that a provision in the declaration of a condominium or in a governing document of a homeowners association that requires any action on the part of a holder of a mortgage or deed of trust on a unit or a lot in order to make certain amendments shall be deemed satisfied if certain procedures are satisfied under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Driver’s Licenses Confiscated for Real ID Compliance – Issuance and Display of Recall Notice. Description: Authorizing certain individuals to satisfy the requirement to possess and display a driver's license while driving a motor vehicle by carrying and displaying a certain recall notice issued under the Act within the previous 60 days; requiring a law enforcement officer who confiscates an individual's driver's license for certain reasons to provide the holder of the license with a certain recall notice; and requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to develop the form for the recall notice and provide the form to law enforcement agencies.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Condominiums – Disclosures to Unit Owners and Prohibited Provisions in Instruments. Description: Clarifying that certain provisions of law relating to closed-door meetings of a board of directors of a condominium do not allow the board to withhold or agree to withhold from the unit owners the terms of any legal agreement to which the council of unit owners is a party;  establishing that a provision in a certain agreement that prohibits a the  disclosure to certain unit owners or purchasers of any term of the agreement is unenforceable; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Abuse or Neglect of a Vulnerable Adult - Causing Severe Emotional Distress. Description: Prohibiting a certain person from intentionally and maliciously inflicting severe emotional distress on a vulnerable adult; and applying a penalty of imprisonment not exceeding 5 years or a fine not exceeding $5,000 or both.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Firearm Telematics - Study. Description: Defining "firearm telematics" as an electronic sensor or equipment installed on a firearm for purposes of tracking the location of the firearm if it becomes lost or stolen; requiring the Handgun Roster Board under the Department of State Police to study and make recommendations about firearm telematics; requiring the Handgun Roster Board to take certain actions in conducting the study and making recommendations; and requiring the Handgun Roster Board to report its findings to the Governor and the General Assembly by July 1, 2021.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Juvenile Proceedings - Fines, Fees, and Costs. Description: Repealing certain provisions of law authorizing the juvenile court to impose certain civil fines against a child found to have committed certain violations; repealing a certain provision of law authorizing the juvenile court to impose certain court costs against a juvenile respondent or the respondent's parent, guardian, or custodian under certain circumstances; repealing a certain provision of law authorizing the juvenile court to assess any party or parent of a child in a certain proceeding for services of a certain attorney; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law – Absentee Voting – References in Public Communications and Prepaid Postage for Return of Ballots. Description: Requiring the State Board of Elections and each local board of elections to refer to absentee ballots as "mail-in" ballots and absentee voting as "mail-in voting" in all communications; requiring the State Board and each local board to include in public communications a statement that "mail-in voting" is referred to as absentee voting in the Maryland Constitution, the Annotated Code of Maryland and the Code of Maryland Regulations; making provision for absentee ballots to include prepaid return postage; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Failure to Pay Video Toll – Penalties. Description: Repealing the requirement that the Motor Vehicle Administration, under certain circumstances, suspend the registration of a motor vehicle that incurs a certain toll violation; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Queen Anne's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Repeal of Place of Worship Prohibition. Description: Repealing a prohibition on the Board of License Commissioners for Queen Anne's County from issuing a license to an establishment located within 500 feet of a place of worship.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Evidence - Causing Unavailability of Witness. Description: Altering the standard of proof by which the court must make a certain finding relating to the admission in evidence, during certain criminal trials, of a statement offered against a party who caused the unavailability of the declarant of the statement under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commission to Advance Next Generation 9-1-1 Across Maryland - Extension and Alteration. Description: Requiring the Commission to Advance Next Generation 9-1-1 Across Maryland to report certain findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 15, 2020, and on or before December 15, 2021; and extending the termination date for the Commission by 2 years to June 30, 2022.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Opportunity Zone Incentives - Alteration of the More Jobs for Marylanders and Opportunity Zone Enhancement Programs. Description: Altering certain terms relating to eligibility for benefits under the More Jobs for Marylanders and Opportunity Zone Enhancement programs; altering, to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018, but before January 1, 2027, the time for which enhancements under the Opportunity Zone Enhancement Program are applicable; limiting eligibility for certain benefits to investments in biotechnology and cybersecurity companies newly established or expanded into opportunity zones on or after March 1, 2018; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Administration – Authority to Suspend Registration for Violations Recorded by Traffic Control Signal Monitoring Systems and Speed Monitoring Systems – Repeal. Description: Repealing the Motor Vehicle Administration's authority to suspend the registration of a motor vehicle if the owner or driver of the motor vehicle fails to pay the penalty assessed for certain violations recorded by a traffic control signal monitoring system or a speed monitoring system.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Pretrial Release – Pretrial Risk Scoring Instruments. Description: Requiring a jurisdiction that uses a pretrial risk scoring instrument to assist in determining the eligibility for pretrial release of an individual charged with a crime to have an independent validation study of the instrument conducted at least once every 5 years; making an independent validation study conducted in accordance with the Act for a certain instrument used in a certain pretrial services program eligible for funding from the Pretrial Services Program Grant Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Chesapeake Bay Bridge – Reconstruction Advisory Group and Transportation Facilities Projects. Description: Establishing the Chesapeake Bay Bridge Reconstruction Advisory Group for the purpose of providing the Maryland Transportation Authority with an independent, citizen-informed perspective on the Authority's operations at the Chesapeake Bay Bridge; requiring the Advisory Group to assist the Authority in assessing potential concerns and educating the public about certain activity; prohibiting the State or a reporting agency from transferring ownership, operation or management of existing transportation facilities to a certain entity; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Local Pension Systems - Special Disability Retirement Allowance. Description: Requiring that the appropriate authority of a local pension system offer a special disability retirement allowance to a member if the member is, as determined by the appropriate authority of a local pension system, totally and permanently physically incapacitated for duty arising out of or in the course of the actual performance of duty without willful negligence by the member; exempting the appropriate authority of a local pension system from the requirements of the Act under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Trials - Spousal Privilege - Exception. Description: Providing that the spouse of a person on trial for a crime may be compelled to testify as an adverse witness if the spouse and the person on trial married after the date on which the alleged crime for which the person is on trial occurred.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Intersections - Prohibited Acts. Description: Prohibiting a vehicle facing a circular green signal, a green arrow signal, or a steady yellow signal from entering an intersection if the vehicle is unable to completely proceed through the intersection; establishing certain exceptions to the prohibition; prohibiting a police officer from issuing a citation for a violation of the Act unless the approach to the intersection has certain signage installed notifying the public that a vehicle may not make a movement at the intersection that violates the Act's provisions; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Funding Accountability and Transparency Act - Nonbudgeted State Agencies. Description: Altering the Maryland Funding Accountability and Transparency Act to require the Department of Budget and Management to include in a searchable website payments made by units of State government that receive funds that are not appropriated in the annual budget bill; requiring the Department to update the payment data on the searchable website on or before the 15th day of the month that follows the month in which an agency makes a payment to a payee; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Transportation Authority - Video Streaming and Archiving - Open Meetings. Description: Requiring the Maryland Transportation Authority to make available to the public on the Internet live video streaming of each open meeting of the Authority held at the Authority's headquarters or any other location where the Authority held at least 10 meetings in the preceding calendar year; requiring the Authority to make available to the public on the Internet complete and unedited archived video recordings of streamed open meetings; requiring the Authority to make the archived video recordings available for a minimum of 5 years; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Illegal Dumping and Litter Control Law - Adoption of Local Ordinance. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Anne Arundel County to adopt a certain ordinance to prohibit littering and to impose certain criminal and civil penalties.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Bay Restoration Fund - Authorized Uses. Description: Altering the criteria for determining the use of funds in the Bay Restoration Fund for certain purposes in certain fiscal years to include climate resiliency and flood control; and specifying that certain grants to certain local governments may be used for stormwater management measures that include stormwater measures relating to water quality, climate resiliency, or flood control.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission - Public Utility Regulation Fund - Cap. Description: Increasing, from .17% to .25%, the maximum that may be charged to certain public service companies for a State fiscal year to reimburse the Public Service Commission for certain costs and expenses.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Technology Internship Program - Qualifications for Participation - Alterations. Description: Expanding the definition of "technology-based business" to include a nonprofit organization exempt from taxation under § 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of the Maryland Technology Internship Program; and altering from 3.0 to 2.5 the cumulative grade point average that a certain individual must maintain or have maintained during a certain academic year to qualify for participation in the Maryland Technology Internship Program.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Grounds for Divorce. Description: Altering certain grounds for a limited divorce and an absolute divorce; authorizing the court to decree a limited divorce on the ground of irreconcilable differences, if the marriage is irretrievably broken and there is no reasonable expectation of reconciliation; and authorizing the court to decree an absolute divorce on the ground of completion of a 6-month waiting period, if one of the parties has filed for a limited divorce under certain provisions of the Act at least 6 months before the filing of the application for divorce.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Sodomy – Repeal. Description: Repealing the crime of sodomy; making conforming changes;  clarifying that certain evidence is not admissible as an infamous crime; providing that a conviction before October 1, 2020, for sodomy may not be expunged under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety – Pretrial Services Program Grant Fund – Extension and Program Requirements. Description: Prohibiting a pretrial services program that receives a certain grant from charging a fee to a defendant for participation in the program; and extending the termination date of Chapter 771 of the Acts of 2018 to June 30, 2028.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Emergency Snow Routes - Authority. Description: Authorizing the County Commissioners of St. Mary's County to designate an emergency snow route and to regulate travel and the presence of vehicles on an emergency snow route during a snow emergency.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Agricultural Land Preservation Program - Installment Purchase Agreements - Repeal. Description: Repealing certain provisions of law relating to the authority of the County Commissioners of St. Mary's County to enter into certain installment purchase agreements and create debt to acquire the development rights for agricultural or forestry land as part of the St. Mary's County Agricultural Land Preservation Program.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Mobile Home Purchasers. Description: Requiring, except under certain circumstances, certain lenders to serve on the borrower at least 30 days before a lender repossesses mobile home a written notice of the lender's intention to repossess a certain mobile home; providing that a mobile home retailer has a duty of good faith and fair dealing in providing financial information to a prospective consumer borrower; prohibiting a mobile home retailer from steering a prospective consumer borrower to certain financing products; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Rule Against Perpetuities. Description: Limiting a statutory exception to the common-law rule against perpetuities that provides that the rule does not apply to an option of a tenant to purchase all or part of the premises leased by the tenant to an option that is exercisable only during the term of the lease; and providing for the prospective application of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Natural Resources - Fishing With a Haul Seine. Description: Adding a haul seine to the list of methods a person may use to fish in certain waters of the Severn River under certain circumstances; repealing certain provisions of law that restrict the length of a haul seine that a person may use in certain waters of Anne Arundel County; and authorizing a person to use a haul seine to fish in the waters of Anne Arundel County except under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Parentage and Adoption - Definitions. Description: Altering the definition of "mother" so as to deny inclusion of a gamete donor unless the gamete donor and the child's mother agree in writing that the gamete donor will be a parent of the child, or at the time of the child's conception or birth, the gamete donor is married to the child's mother.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Public Facilities Bond. Description: Authorizing and empowering the County Commissioners of St. Mary's County to borrow not more than $33,000,000 in order to finance the construction, improvement, or development of certain public facilities in St. Mary's County, and to effect such borrowing by the issuance and sale at public or private sale of its general obligation bonds; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Injured Workers' Insurance Fund - Revisions. Description: Requiring, rather than authorizing, the Injured Workers' Insurance Fund to be the third-party administrator for the State's Self-Insured Workers' Compensation Program for State Employees under a contract with the State; authorizing the Fund to use nonsupervisory employees of the Chesapeake Employers' Insurance Company; authorizing nonsupervisory employees of the Company to be assigned to perform certain functions under a certain contract; altering the membership of the Board for the Injured Workers' Insurance Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Agricultural Commission - Hemp Industry Member. Description: Increasing, from 29 to 30, the number of members of the Maryland Agricultural Commission appointed by the Governor; and requiring the Governor to appoint a member from a list of at least two nominees representing the hemp industry.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Morticians and Funeral Directors - Apprenticeships. Description: Increasing the cap, from 2 to 4 years, that an applicant for a mortician or funeral director license may spend as an apprentice except under certain circumstances; requiring certain applicants and licensed apprentices to submit to the Maryland State Board of Morticians and Funeral Directors a certain letter from the Director of the Mortuary Science program in which the applicant is enrolled; requiring the practical experience for an apprentice to include at least 1,000 hours in a funeral establishment under supervision; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Complete Streets Program Funding - Traffic and Vehicle Monitoring Systems. Description: Authorizing Baltimore City to recover the costs of implementing and administering a traffic control signal monitoring system, a speed monitoring system, a school bus monitoring camera, or a vehicle height monitoring system; requiring Baltimore City, after recovering costs, to spend the remaining balance of fines collected from the monitoring systems solely on public safety or transportation infrastructure improvements consistent with the purpose and goals of the Complete Streets Program and the Complete Streets Transportation System; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums - Responsibility for Property Insurance Deductibles. Description: Specifying that the council of unit owner's property insurance deductible is a common expense if the cause of any damage to the condominium originates from an event outside the condominium units and common elements; increasing, from $5,000 to $10,000, the maximum amount of the council of unit owners' property insurance deductible for which a unit owner is responsible; applying the Act to all policies of property and casualty insurance issued, delivered, or renewed in the State to a condominium council of unit owners; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Electric Vehicle Recharging Equipment for Multifamily Units Act. Description: Providing that certain provisions of a recorded covenant or restriction, a declaration, or the bylaws or rules of a condominium or homeowners association are void and unenforceable if they prohibit or unreasonably restrict the installation or use of electric vehicle recharging equipment; authorizing the Maryland Energy Administration to issue multiple electric vehicle recharging equipment rebates to the governing body of a condominium or homeowners association for the lesser of 40% of the costs of the equipment or $5,000; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Career Exploration and Development Activities in Public High Schools - Coffee. Description: Prohibiting an Executive Branch agency from banning or regulating the sale of coffee in conjunction with a career exploration and development activity in any public high school in Baltimore County, if the activity is directed at or organized by students with individualized education programs; and repealing a certain exception that prohibited banning or regulating the sale of coffee in a Baltimore County public high school that sold coffee on or before June 30, 2018, in conjunction with certain activities; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Home Builder Guaranty Fund - Award Limitations - Revisions. Description: Increasing the total amount of awards, from $300,000 to $500,000, the Consumer Protection Division of the Office of the Attorney General is authorized to pay to all claimants for acts or omissions of one registered home builder from the Home Builder Guaranty Fund.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Industry Automobile Insurance Association - Board of Directors. Description: Altering the nominating entity for four board members of the Industry Automobile Insurance Association to reflect the merger of the American Insurance Association and the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America into the American Property Casualty Insurance Association.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Private Passenger Motor Vehicle Insurance - Prohibition on Cancellation Due to Towing or Emergency Roadside Coverage Claims. Description: Prohibiting an insurer from canceling, refusing to renew, or otherwise terminating coverage for a private passenger motor vehicle insurance policy based on claims made under the policy's towing or emergency roadside coverage; authorizing an insurer to remove towing or emergency roadside service coverage from a certain policy at renewal based on the number of claims pursuant to the towing coverage; and authorizing an insurer to increase a premium of a private passenger motor vehicle insurance policy as a result of certain claims.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Carriers and For-Hire Driving Services - Nonprofit Organizations and Volunteer Drivers. Description: Providing that a motor carrier permit is not required for transportation services that a nonprofit organization provides through the use of a volunteer driver and the volunteer driver's personal vehicle; altering the definition of "transportation network services"; and providing that a nonprofit organization that provides transportation for remuneration to clients of certain services may not be required to obtain a motor carrier permit.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary’s County – Metropolitan Commission – Collection of Fees, Assessments, and Nonsubstantive and Clarifying Revisions. Description: Revising, restating, and recodifying certain terms; updating the plans, regulations, and ordinances of St. Mary's County in accordance with which a connection to a completed water main or sewer of the St. Mary's County Metropolitan Commission shall be made under certain circumstances; clarifying that the Metropolitan Commission shall have full and complete jurisdiction over certain appurtenances with certain systems; clarifying that the Metropolitan Commission may commence a third-party action under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Wage History and Wage Range. Description: Requiring an employer, on request, to provide to an applicant for employment the wage range for the position for which the applicant applied; prohibiting an employer from taking negative actions against an applicant for employment because the applicant did not provide wage history or a wage range; prohibiting an employer from relying on wage history, except when voluntarily provided, for the purpose of determining fair wage, and from seeking an applicant's wage history from former employers or their agents; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Peace Orders - Workplace Violence. Description: Making certain provisions of law relating to the filing, issuance, and modification of certain peace orders and to the shielding of certain court records of certain peace order proceedings apply to certain peace orders filed by certain employers on the basis of certain acts committed against certain employees under certain circumstances; requiring an employer to notify an employee before the employer files a certain petition; providing immunity from civil liability to a certain employer under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Emissions Inspection Program - Deployed Military Personnel - Exemption. Description: Exempting certain active duty members of the armed services of the United States who are subject to certain deployments from certain mandatory vehicle emissions inspections; requiring all owners of a motor vehicle for which an exemption is sought under the Act to certify in a certain manner that at least one owner of the vehicle has received military orders for deployment outside the United States or to a duty station in a jurisdiction not subject to vehicle emissions control programs; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Uninsured or Enhanced Underinsured Motorist Coverage - Property Damage. Description: Clarifying that certain motor vehicle liability insurance policies must contain coverage for damages, subject to the policy limits, that the insured is entitled to recover from the owner or operator of certain motor vehicles because of property damage, including the loss of the insured vehicle; and altering the amounts to which certain motorist coverage in certain policies must be equal.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment - On-Site Wastewater Services - Regulation. Description: Establishing the State Board of On-Site Wastewater Professionals in the Department of the Environment to regulate individuals who perform on-site wastewater services in the State and to establish minimum standards for certain on-site waste water systems; requiring the Department, in consultation with the Board, to set by regulation certain fees for the issuance and renewal of licenses and other services provided by the Board; establishing the On-Site Wastewater Professionals Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Off-Sale Licenses - Assessment Districts. Description: Defining the term "assessment district" in a provision relating to the issuance of certain off-sale alcoholic beverages licenses in Anne Arundel County as a tax assessment district established by the county through local law.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Electronic Transactions - Sale and Lease of Vehicles. Description: Providing that only a dealer may contract for the sale and delivery of a vehicle by electronic means except under certain circumstances; providing that a consumer shall be deemed not to have agreed to enter into a transaction for the sale or lease of a vehicle with a dealer by electronic means unless the dealer provides the consumer with certain documents and a reasonable opportunity to review the documents before providing an electronic signature; requiring that a vehicle be delivered at a certain location and within a certain time period; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Corporation Act - Revisions. Description: Revising the Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Corporation Act; altering the persons to whom and circumstances under which the Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Corporation is required to provide certain coverage; providing that the Act does not provide coverage to persons who acquire the right to receive certain payments; altering the policies and contracts issued by member insurers that may not be provided coverage under the Act; providing that certain provisions of State insurance law apply to health maintenance organizations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Voting Order Priority - Individuals Who Need Extra Assistance. Description: Requiring a chief election judge to give voting order priority to individuals with certain mobility problems, individuals assisting others who have mobility problems, or an individual accompanied by a child with a disability; authorizing certain individuals to request voting order priority of any election judge serving at a polling place or early voting center; requiring the State Board to adopt regulations regarding methods for providing notice to voters of the option to request voting order priority and training guidelines for judges; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Boat Act - Abandoned or Sunken Vessels - Removal. Description: Altering the definition of an "abandoned or sunken vessel", to mean one that has remained at a location for more than 60 instead of 90 days without the consent of the property owner; requiring the Department of Natural Resources to take an abandoned vessel into custody without providing a notice if it determines that the vessel poses certain hazards; requiring, within 15 days after taking custody of an abandoned vessel, the Department to send a certain notice to the last known owner and each known secured party of the vessel; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Repeal of Quota for Class B Licenses. Description: Repealing in Frederick County a license quota for Class B (on-sale) beer licenses and Class B (on-sale) beer and wine licenses.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Ground Leases - Required Notifications - Private Transaction Redemptions. Description: Altering the requirement that a ground lease holder notify the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of certain changes concerning a ground lease; authorizing a leasehold tenant or an interested party to submit to the Department certain documentation of the redemption of a ground lease if the ground lease is redeemed in a certain private transaction and the ground lease holder has failed to notify the Department of the redemption; and requiring the Department to update the online registry under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicles – Electronic Inspection Certificates for Used Vehicles. Description: Repealing the termination date for certain provisions of the used vehicle inspection law applicable to the electronic submission of an inspection certificate; authorizing the Automotive Safety Enforcement Division of the Department of State Police to require electronic submission of an inspection certificate for a used motor vehicle; and repealing the requirement that the Division authorize the use of inspection certificate forms for the submission of an inspection certificate.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Emergency Services Tax Revenue - Authorized Use. Description: Authorizing, instead of requiring, certain emergency services tax revenue in St. Mary's County that exceeds the budgetary needs of the emergency services providers to be used to reduce the emergency services tax for the next year.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Business or Occupational Licenses - Administrative Penalties. Description: Authorizing the Motor Vehicle Administration to suspend a business or occupational license before holding an administrative hearing if the Administration determines that the license holder is in violation of certain used vehicle safety inspection requirements and that there is a danger of immediate, substantial, and continuing harm to the public if the license is continued pending a hearing; requiring the Administration to grant a hearing request on the license suspension within 7 days of the request; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Equipment and Inspections - Standards and Requirements. Description: Altering for vehicle operation and inspection purposes the standards for the authorized placement of certain materials on certain windows of certain vehicles; altering certain standards and requirements governing headlamps, stop lamps, turn signal lamps, light or signal devices, backup lamps, brakes, and windshield washers on certain vehicles; authorizing providers of transportation network services to display certain signs identifying the operator and vehicle as a provider of transportation network services; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Ethics Commission – Determination of Public Official in an Executive Unit – Information From Units of State Government. Description: Requiring the secretary of a principal department in the Executive Branch, the president of a public senior higher education institution, and a unit of State government to provide certain information to the State Ethics Commission in a timely manner for the Ethics Commission to make a certain determination whether an individual in an executive unit is a public official for certain purposes.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Nutrient Management – Nonagricultural Fertilizer Application – Requirements and Penalties. Description: Requiring each place of business at which a person is employed to apply fertilizer to certain nonagricultural property to have a certain certified professional fertilizer applicator on staff and be licensed annually by the Department of Agriculture; requiring an applicant for a license to submit an application on the form required by the Department and pay an application fee as set by the Department; and altering the application of a certain civil penalty to include the employer of a person who violates certain provisions of law.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation - Potomac River Bridges Towing Compact - Inclusion of Additional Bridges. Description: Including the Governor Harry W. Nice/Senator Thomas "Mac" Middleton Bridge, Sandy Hook Bridge, Brunswick Bridge, and Point of Rocks Bridge as subject to the provisions of the Potomac River Bridges Towing Compact; and making the Act subject to certain contingencies.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Motorcycles - Sunday Sales. Description: Authorizing a dealer in Harford County to sell, barter, deliver, give away, show, or offer for sale a motorcycle or a certificate of title for a motorcycle on Sunday.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B-D-7 License. Description: Clarifying certain provisions on the hours of sale, in Baltimore City, for Class B-D-7 beer, wine, and liquor license holders to include that the hours of sale are 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. in the area bounded by Liberty Heights Avenue, Northern Parkway, Druid Park Drive, and Wabash Avenue; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Crimes Against Animals – Interference With Equines. Description: Altering a certain prohibition against interfering with, injuring, tampering with, or destroying a horse used for a certain purpose to prohibit a person from interfering with, injuring, tampering with or destroying an equine used for a certain purpose or for any other lawful activity; changing the crime from a felony to a misdemeanor; altering the maximum penalty to include a fine not exceeding $1,000 or imprisonment not exceeding 1 year or both; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Ground Leases - Repeal of Registration Fees. Description: Repealing certain fees for the registration of ground leases with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation; and altering the circumstances under which the Department shall register a ground lease.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Sunday Hunting. Description: Clarifying certain provisions of law governing Sunday hunting in the State; establishing the authority of the Department of Natural Resources to allow Sunday hunting under certain circumstances; altering the application of authorized Sunday hunting to junior hunts and holders of a deer management permit; prohibiting hunting on certain public land on Sunday; repealing a certain termination provision governing authorized Sunday hunting in Montgomery County; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Offenses - Following Too Closely - Application to Trucks. Description: Establishing that certain motor vehicle offenses related to following too closely do not apply to a group of individual trucks that are traveling in a unified manner at electronically connected speeds and are being operated in a certain manner; and authorizing the Motor Vehicle Administration to adopt regulations governing motor vehicle offenses related to following too closely.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - State Fire Marshal - Explosives License. Description: Requiring the State Fire Marshal to deny an application for a certain license or permit if the State Fire Marshal makes a finding that the explosives will be used for an inappropriate purpose; requiring the State Fire Marshal to notify the Maryland Joint Operations Center, instead of certain other entities, on issuance of a certain license or permit; specifying that a certain owner, operator, or contractor may use explosives only within time restrictions established by a certain political subdivision; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County Open Meetings Act - Closed Sessions. Description: Authorizing a public agency in St. Mary's County to meet in a closed session to consider the investment of public funds, to consult with counsel for legal advice, and, under certain circumstances, to discuss certain cybersecurity matters.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment – Water Infrastructure Assets – Authorization of Emergency Actions. Description: Authorizing the Department of the Environment to take certain emergency actions to protect life, property, or the environment against risks arising from dams, reservoirs, and similar waterway constructions that are in imminent danger of failure; requiring the Department to remain in charge and control of a water infrastructure asset until the Department has determined that the water infrastructure asset has been rendered safe or the circumstances requiring the emergency actions have ceased; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property – Required Notices for Contracts of Sale – Zones of Dewatering Influence. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to develop and publish on its website a searchable map of zones of dewatering influence; requiring a contract for the sale of real property located in Baltimore County, Carroll County, Frederick County or Washington County to include a certain notice about property located in a zone of dewatering influence; establishing that a purchaser of real property that does not receive the required notice has a right to rescind a contract and is entitled to the return of any deposits; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Institutions of Higher Education - Outbreak Response Plan (Olivia's Law). Description: Requiring a public institution of higher education to submit an outbreak response plan to the Maryland Department of Health on or before August 1 each year, beginning in 2021; requiring a public institution of higher education to implement the outbreak response plan under certain circumstances; requiring the outbreak response plan to include certain processes and the provision of certain staff; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Credit for Reinsurance Model Law - Revisions. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to defer to, rather than use information provided by, the insurance regulatory agency of a state or the National Association of Insurance Commissioners committee process in the certification or rating of an assuming insurer under certain circumstances; requiring that certain credit be allowed when certain reinsurance is ceded to certain assuming insurers that have their head offices or are domiciled in and licensed in a reciprocal jurisdiction; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Support, Custody, and Visitation - Award of Expenses - Suit Money. Description: Adding suit money to the expenses that the court is authorized, at any point in a certain proceeding, to award to a certain party under certain circumstances in a case concerning child support, custody, or visitation and after making certain considerations; adding suit money to the expenses that the court is required to award to a certain party under certain circumstances and absent a certain finding; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of General Services - Energy-Conserving Standards (Maryland Sustainable Buildings Act of 2020). Description: Requiring the Department of General Services to establish and periodically update certain standards for State buildings to conserve energy and minimize adverse impacts on birds; requiring the Department to reduce the lighting of existing State buildings in a certain manner; requiring the Maryland Green Building Council to include certain standards in any requirements that the Council establishes for participation in a higher performance building program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Highway Administration - Highway Work Permits - Pedestrian Access (Pedestrian Access Act of 2020). Description: Requiring a person that obtains a highway work permit from the State Highway Administration to maintain a safe alternative pedestrian path at work sites that are within 1 mile of Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority rail or bus rapid transit stations or Maryland Transit Administration rail or bus rapid transit stations, including Maryland Area Regional Commuter (MARC) stations; requiring the Administration to make available information on best practices for the maintenance of pedestrian access in certain areas; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange – Assessment Applicability and Report on State–Based Individual Market Health Insurance Subsidies. Description: Clarifying the applicability of a certain assessment by the State to certain entities for certain products that were subject to § 9010 of the Affordable Care Act, as in effect on December 1, 2019; requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to report to the Senate Finance Committee and the House Health and Government Operations Committee by December 1, 2020, on certain information related to establishing a State-based individual subsidy program in Maryland.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Campaign Finance Entities - Termination. Description: Altering the circumstances under which a certain provision of law requiring a campaign finance entity to terminate and file a final campaign finance report applies; altering the time period within which a certain campaign finance entity is required to terminate and file a final campaign finance report; requiring the State Board of Elections to provide a certain notification to certain persons affiliated with a campaign finance entity that is required to terminate under a certain provision of law; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Registration Plate Frames and Borders - Enforcement. Description: Providing for enforcement only as a secondary offense for a violation of the requirement to maintain vehicle registration plates to be free from foreign material and to be clearly legible.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Filing Fee Study. Description: Requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to review the filing fees and associated requirements of neighboring states that are equivalent or substantially similar to the filing fees required under § 1-203(b)(3)(ii) of the Corporations and Associations Article, and report, on or before January 1, 2021, recommendations to make Maryland more competitive with neighboring states, including whether to establish less frequent filing requirements; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unaccompanied Minors in Need of Shelter and Supportive Services. Description: Authorizing a certain unaccompanied minor in need of shelter to consent to shelter and supportive services under certain circumstances; authorizing an unaccompanied minor who is a parent to consent to shelter and supportive services for the minor's child; requiring a certain service provider to contact a parent, a guardian, or an adult relative of an unaccompanied minor within 72 hours; requiring a service provider to develop procedures to screen staff members who work with minors including a criminal history check; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Provision of Menstrual Hygiene Products. Description: Requiring each county board of education to ensure that each public school provide, at no charge to students, menstrual hygiene products via dispensers in the restrooms at the school; requiring a public middle or high school to install menstrual hygiene product dispensers in at least two restrooms on or before October 1, 2020, and certain restrooms on or before August 1, 2024; requiring a public elementary school to install menstrual hygiene product dispensers in at least one restroom by October 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Plastic Bag Reduction Act. Description: Prohibiting, on or after July 1, 2021, a certain retail establishment from distributing plastic carryout bags to a customer at the point of sale; providing that, on or after July 1, 2021, only the State may enact a law or take other action to prohibit, restrict, or regulate the use of certain plastic bags by a retail establishment, that certain authority of a county or municipality is preempted, and that certain laws or ordinances are superseded; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to adopt certain regulations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law – Campaign Material – Definition. Description: Altering the definition of "campaign material" to include certain material that is an automated or prerecorded oral communication.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Estate Tax - Portability. Description: Requiring a person who files a Maryland estate tax return solely for the purpose of making a certain election to file the return within 2 years after the death of the decedent; clarifying the definition of "deceased spousal unused exclusion amount" for certain purposes of law governing the calculation of the Maryland estate tax; authorizing the Comptroller to examine certain estate tax returns for certain purposes; prohibiting an additional assessment of estate tax if a certain period of limitation has expired; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Opportunity Zone Tax Deduction Reform Act of 2020. Description: Requiring certain taxpayers to add a certain deduction for gains from sales or exchanges of qualified opportunity zone property back to federal adjusted gross income to determine Maryland adjusted gross income; requiring certain taxpayers to add a certain deduction for gains from sales or exchanges of qualified opportunity zone property back to federal adjusted gross income to determine Maryland modified income; and applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 45th District - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B-D-7 License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a Class B-D-7 license in the 5400 block of Harford Road in the 45th alcoholic beverages district if the applicant meets certain requirements.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Pesticides - Use of Chlorpyrifos - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting the aerial application of chlorpyrifos on or after October 1, 2020; prohibiting the use of chlorpyrifos in the State on or after December 31, 2020; establishing the Pesticide Transition Fund to support Maryland farmers in the transition away from the use of chlorpyrifos and to support the work of the Pesticide Transition Task Force, including research on integrated pest management and implementation of the State's plan to transition away from the use of chlorpyrifos; establishing the Pesticide Transition Task Force; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Overtaking and Passing Bicycles. Description: Authorizing the driver of a vehicle to drive on the left side of the roadway in a no-passing zone to overtake and pass at a safe distance a bicycle traveling in the same direction in accordance with a certain provision of law and in a certain manner.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing Opportunities Made Equal Act. Description: Expanding the housing policy of the State to include providing for fair housing to all citizens regardless of source of income; stating the Act seeks to deconcentrate poverty by providing additional opportunities for tenants utilizing public subsidies to live in certain neighborhoods; prohibiting a person from refusing to sell or rent a dwelling to any person because of source of income; establishing qualifications and limitations on the prohibition against discrimination in housing based on source of income; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Zero Emission Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Council - Reporting, Membership, and Sunset Extension. Description: Altering the deadlines for the interim and final reporting requirements for the Maryland Zero Emission Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Council; altering the membership of the Council by adding one representative of an electric vehicle driver advocacy organization instead of the Baltimore Electric Vehicle Initiative, two, instead of one, representative of the environmental community, and one from a new vehicle dealer association in the State; and extending until June 30, 2026, the termination date for the Council.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Assault in the First Degree – Strangulation. Description: Prohibiting a person from intentionally strangling another in the commission of an assault; and providing a penalty of imprisonment not exceeding 25 years for a violation of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Support - Suspension of Payments and Arrears for Incarcerated Obligors - Modifications. Description: Altering a condition relating to an incarcerated obligor's term of imprisonment under which the obligor's child support payment is not considered past due and arrearages will not accrue if the obligor was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of 180 consecutive calendar days or more.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education - Policy on Student Concerns About Athletic Programs and Activities - Short Title. Description: Establishing the short title "Jordan McNair Act" for Subtitle 16 of Title 11 of the Education Article.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Department of Information Technology - Cybersecurity. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Information Technology, in consultation with the Attorney General, to advise and oversee a consistent cybersecurity strategy for units of State government, including institutions under the control of the governing boards of public institutions of higher education; requiring the Secretary, in consultation with the Attorney General, to develop guidance on consistent cybersecurity strategies for counties, municipal corporations, certain other entities and political subdivisions; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hunting and Fishing Licenses - Active Military, Former Prisoners of War, Recipients of the Purple Heart Award, and Disabled Veterans. Description: Repealing a requirement that the Department of Natural Resources submit certain reports to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2019; and repealing the termination provisions for certain provisions of law relating to the issuance of complimentary or discounted hunting and fishing licenses to certain military personnel, former prisoners of war, recipients of the Purple Heart Award, and disabled veterans.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Allegany County Board of Education - Elected Members - Filling a Vacancy. Description: Requiring the Board of County Commissioners of Allegany County, rather than the Governor, to fill a vacancy in an elected member's position on the Allegany County Board of Education for the remainder of that term and until a successor is elected and qualifies.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Ground Leases - Past Due Ground Rent. Description: Clarifying that a ground lease holder may not bring any suit, action, or proceeding against the current leasehold tenant or a former leasehold tenant to recover the ground rent that was due and owing before the date the current leasehold tenant acquired title to the leasehold interest if the ground lease was not registered in accordance with certain law prior to the date the current leasehold tenant acquired title, notwithstanding any other provision of law.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Motion to Vacate Judgment - Human Trafficking (True Freedom Act of 2020). Description: Altering the eligibility for the filing of a certain motion to vacate judgment if the person's participation in the offense was a direct result of being a victim of human trafficking; requiring that a certain motion be served on a certain State's Attorney; requiring that a certain motion be mailed to a victim or victim's representative at a certain address if the qualifying offense occurred within 5 years before the filing of the motion; requiring the court to take certain factors into consideration when making a certain finding; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Cemeteries - Perpetual Care - Distribution From Perpetual Care Trust Fund. Description: Requiring a distribution from a perpetual care trust fund made under certain circumstances to be used only for the perpetual care of the cemetery, including the maintenance of the grounds, roads, and paths and the repair and renewal of buildings; permitting a cemetery to select a certain method of distribution; requiring a cemetery to submit to the Director of the Office of Cemetery Oversight a statement attesting that the cemetery's method of distribution will not result in insufficient protection of the trust fund's principal; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Private Passenger Automobile Insurance – Use of Telematics. Description: Authorizing a private passenger automobile insurer to use data obtained through telematics from a specific vehicle only for establishing an insurance premium for a policy that insures that vehicle if the named insured consents to the data collection for claims investigation purposes including fraud, or for rate filing purposes using aggregated telematics data; authorizing an insurer to sell or exchange for other consideration certain aggregated telematics data only under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Institutions of Higher Education - Voter Registration and Voting by Students (Student Voter Empowerment Act of 2020). Description: Requiring the State Board of Elections to maintain a page on its website that includes clear information about voter registration and voting by students enrolled in institutions of higher education, including links to information on voting by absentee ballot for students outside the State; requiring a public institution of higher education to designate a staff member as the student voting coordinator; requiring the student voting coordinator to develop and implement a plan to increase student voter registration; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sexual Solicitation of a Minor – Solicitation Through Parent, Guardian, or Custodian – Prohibition and Penalties. Description: Prohibiting a person from knowingly and with a certain intent soliciting the consent of a parent, guardian, or custodian of a minor, or a law enforcement officer posing as a parent, guardian, or custodian of a minor, to engage in certain prohibited sexual acts with the minor; and establishing and altering certain penalties.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Orphans' Courts - Appeals - Procedures. Description: Requiring a certain appeal from a final judgment of an orphans' court to be made by filing a certain notice, rather than a certain order; extending from 30 days to 60 days the standard period of time within which the register of wills must transmit all pleadings and orders of the proceedings to the court to which the appeal is taken; applying the Act prospectively; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Protective Orders - Relief Eligibility - Rape and Sexual Offenses. Description: Removing rape and certain sexual offenses from the list of offenses alleged to have been committed by a certain respondent against a certain victim for which a peace order petition may be filed under certain circumstances; and altering the definition of "person eligible for relief" for purposes of certain provisions of law relating to domestic violence protective orders to include an individual who alleges the commission of certain acts against the individual by a certain respondent.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Peace Orders and Protective Orders – Extension. Description: Specifying that, if a petitioner or person eligible for relief files a certain motion to extend the term of a final peace order or final protective order during the term of the order and a hearing on the motion is not held before the order's original expiration date, the order is automatically extended and its terms remain in full force and effect until the hearing on the motion.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Teachers' Retirement and Pension Systems - Obsolete Reemployment Provisions. Description: Updating and altering certain obsolete provisions relating to the reemployment of certain teachers and principals who are retirees of the Teachers' Retirement and Pension Systems.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Cooperative Housing Corporations, Condominiums, and Homeowners Associations - Reserve Studies PG 403-20. Description: Requiring the governing body of certain cooperative housing corporations in Prince George's County to have a study conducted of the reserves needed for future major repairs and replacement of common elements of the cooperative housing corporation by a certain date and at certain intervals under certain circumstances; requiring the annual budget of a cooperative housing corporation in Prince George's County to provide reserve funds in the annual budget for the cooperative housing corporation in accordance with the reserve study; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax – Credit for Disabled Veterans. Description: Authorizing the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to grant a certain property tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on the dwelling house of disabled veterans with a service-connected disability rating of at least 50%; providing for the amount of the property tax credit; requiring certain disabled veterans to provide certain documentation; authorizing certain governing bodies to provide the credit to a certain surviving spouse; applying the Act to tax years after June 30, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Diagnostic Evaluation and Treatment of Patients - Disciplinary Actions (The Patient's Access to Integrative Healthcare Act of 2020). Description: Prohibiting health occupations boards and disciplinary panels from reprimanding a licensee or certificate holder, placing a licensee or certificate holder on probation, or suspending or revoking a license of a licensee or the certificate of a certificate holder solely on the basis of a licensee's or certificate holder's use of a diagnostic evaluation or treatment that is integrative, complementary, alternative, or nonconventional, including in the treatment of Lyme disease or tick-borne illnesses.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Residential Electricity and Gas Supply Billing Information - Reports. Description: Requiring certain persons to submit to the Public Service Commission beginning July 1, 2021, monthly reports containing information on the supply of electricity and gas to certain residential customers; requiring certain initial reports to include information from the previous 12 months; providing for the required contents of each report; requiring certain information to be organized by low-income customers and all other customers; requiring the Commission to make each report available to certain persons; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Examination of Defendant by Maryland Department of Health - Access to Judicial Records. Description: Requiring that the Maryland Department of Health have access to certain information maintained by the Judiciary about a criminal defendant who is subject to a certain examination, committed to the Health Department, or on conditional release under certain circumstances; and requiring the Department and the Judiciary to enter into an agreement regarding certain matters before exchanging any information.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Sales of Mobile Home Parks - Notice Requirements. Description: Altering the time frame of certain notices that a mobile home park owner is required to provide to each resident in the mobile home park  and the Department of Housing and Community Development and to post in a public area of the mobile home park, concerning the sale of the mobile home park, to be not less than 30 days before the date of the sale of the park.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Deadline for Selection of Lieutenant Governor. Description: Proposing an amendment to the Maryland Constitution to repeal the requirement that a candidate for Governor who seeks nomination in a primary election designate a candidate for Lieutenant Governor at the time of filing a certificate of candidacy; requiring a candidate for Governor who seeks nomination in a primary election to designate a candidate for Lieutenant Governor within 21 days after the primary election; submitting this amendment to the qualified voters of the State for their adoption or rejection; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Support - Shared Physical Custody. Description: Establishing a certain formula for the calculation of a certain child support obligation under the child support guidelines when a parent with shared physical custody keeps the child or children overnight for more than 25%, at least 92 overnights, but less than 30%, not more than 109 overnights, of the year; applying the Act only to cases filed on or after October 1, 2020;  etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Automobile Insurance – Usage–Based Insurance. Description: Establishing that the application of a certain insurance program on vehicle operation during the current policy period is not a violation of certain restrictions on classification for private passenger motor vehicle insurance; requiring that a certain notice include information for a premium increase that is due to a program that measures the operation of an insured vehicle during the current policy period; prohibiting an insurer from requiring a policyholder to participate in a usage-based program to obtain motor vehicle insurance; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Certificate of Title Fee - Trailer Gifted to Family Member. Description: Reducing the certificate of title fee to $50 for a trailer with gross vehicle weight of 3,000 pounds or less if the trailer is transferred to a spouse, child, grandchild, parent, sibling, grandparent, father-in-law, mother-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law of the transferor, or a niece or nephew of the transferor if the transferor is at least 65 years of age at the time of the transfer; and prohibiting the involvement of money or other valuable considerations in the transfer.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juveniles – Sexting. Description: Establishing a certain mitigating factor in a certain juvenile court proceeding against a child for a certain violation; requiring and authorizing the juvenile court to take certain actions in making a certain disposition on a certain finding; prohibiting the juvenile court from taking certain actions in making a certain disposition on a certain finding; establishing that a child who is found by the juvenile court to have violated a certain provision of law is not subject to certain sex offender registration; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Security Questions and Measures. Description: Requiring a financial institution that requires a customer to provide an answer to a security question for a certain purpose to allow a customer to choose from at least two security question options for each required security question; prohibiting a financial institution from using a customer's mother's maiden name as a means of safeguarding access to the customer's account; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Speed Monitoring Systems - Maryland Route 210 (Indian Head Highway) PG 306-20. Description: Repealing the requirement that certain revenue collected by Prince George's County as a result of violations recorded by speed monitoring systems on Maryland Route 210 (Indian Head Highway) be deposited into the Criminal Injuries Compensation Fund and requiring that the revenue be credited to the State Highway Administration to be used solely for certain safety-related purposes related to Maryland Route 210 in Prince George's County; and repealing a certain funding source for the Criminal Injuries Compensation Fund.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Maryland-National Capital Park Police and Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission Police Force PG/MC 105-20. Description: Expanding a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for certain law enforcement officers to include law enforcement officers who are members of the Maryland-National Capital Park Police or the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission Police Force and reside in a political subdivision that lies wholly or partially within certain districts and in which the crime rate exceeds the State's crime rate; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Department of Education - Guidelines on Trauma-Informed Approach. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, in consultation with the Maryland Department of Health and the Department of Human Services, to develop and distribute guidelines on a trauma-informed approach to assist schools with understanding and responding to an individual with symptoms of chronic interpersonal trauma or traumatic stress; and requiring the State Department of Education to distribute the trauma-informed approach guidelines to each local school system and publish the guidelines on the Department's website.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Restrictions on Use - Low-Impact Landscaping. Description: Prohibiting a certain restriction on use from imposing unreasonable limitations on low-impact landscaping under certain circumstances; providing that the Act may not be construed to prohibit a certain restriction on use from including certain reasonable guidelines regarding the type, number, and location of low-impact landscaping features; and exempting a certain restriction on use on certain historic property from the applicability of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Suspension of Driver's License or Registration - Unpaid Citations or Judgments. Description: Altering the requirements and procedures governing certain programs that authorize installment payments for certain motor vehicle traffic citations or judgment debts; repealing certain provisions of law governing the requirement that the Motor Vehicle Administration suspend the driver's license and vehicle registration of a certain debtor; clarifying that a person may satisfy certain traffic citations by entering into a certain installment payment plan; applying the Act retroactively; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Multiple Licenses Prohibition - Exceptions PG 305-20. Description: Adding a Class B-BW (on-sale) license and a Class B-BWL (on-sale) license to the list of licenses for which the prohibition against issuing multiple licenses for the same person or premises in Prince George's County does not apply.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Ethics - Limitations on Applicant Campaign Contributions PG 407-20. Description: Repealing a prohibition on an applicant or applicant's agent making a payment to the County Executive of Prince George's County or a slate that includes the County Executive during the pendency of certain applications.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Board Meetings. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to publish a meeting agenda not less than 1 week before a meeting; requiring the Board to broadcast via live stream every open meeting online; altering the timing requirement for publication of meeting minutes to not later than 1 month after a meeting; and requiring the Board to archive and store recordings of each open meeting for not less than 3 years and records of minutes for each open meeting for not less than 7 years.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Maternal Mortality Review Program - Stakeholders. Description: Altering the stakeholders required to be included in meetings convened under the Maternal Mortality Review Program to include families of women who have experienced near maternal death, a maternal death, or certain challenges during pregnancy or women who have experienced a near maternal death or certain other challenges during pregnancy; and requiring that, to the extent practicable, certain stakeholders convened under the Program reflect the racial and ethnic diversity of women most impacted by maternal deaths in the State.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County Board of Education – Annual Meeting and Election of Officers. Description: Establishing a term of 1 year for the president and vice president of the Anne Arundel County Board of Education; providing that an individual who fills a certain vacancy may be elected to serve as president or vice president; and altering the date on which the county board is required to hold its annual meeting from on or as near as possible to the second Tuesday in July to on or as near as possible to the first Wednesday in December.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcohol Awareness PG 301-20. Description: Requiring in Prince George's County a holder of a certain alcoholic beverages license or an individual designated by the license holder and employed in a supervisory capacity to be certified by an approved alcohol awareness program and to be present on the licensed premises at all times when alcoholic beverages may be sold; and establishing a penalty of $250 for a first violation of the Act, $500 for a second violation, and for each subsequent offense, a fine not to exceed $1,000 or a suspension or revocation of the license, or both.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Catering Extension MC 27-20. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Montgomery County to issue a catering extension to the holder of a Class D beer, wine, and liquor license; providing that a catering extension authorizes a holder of a Class D beer, wine, and liquor license to provide alcoholic beverages at an event that is held off the premises under certain circumstances and only during certain times and days; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Alcoholic Beverages - Hours of Consumption MC 09-20. Description: Altering in Montgomery County the hours of consumption for certain alcoholic beverages licenses; requiring license holders to remove alcoholic beverages containers from the tables and bar service area at the end of the hours of sale permitted under the license; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Professional Counselors and Therapists - Sunset Extension and Program Evaluation. Description: Continuing the State Board of Professional Counselors and Therapists by extending to July 1, 2026, the termination provisions relating to statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; repealing the requirement that the Board submit a certain semiannual report to the Department of Legislative Services; requiring the Board to submit a report on the progress made implementing certain recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before October 1, 2020, and every 6 months thereafter until October 1, 2025: etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Unfair, Abusive, or Deceptive Trade Practices - Exploitation of Vulnerable Adults. Description: Authorizing the Division of Consumer Protection in the Office of the Attorney General to bring a certain action under the Consumer Protection Act against a person who violates a certain provision of criminal law regarding the exploitation of a vulnerable adult; adding a violation of a certain provision of criminal law regarding the exploitation of a vulnerable adult to the unfair, abusive, or deceptive trade practices that are subject to enforcement and penalties under the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Consumer Protection - Biometric Identifiers and Biometric Information Privacy. Description: Requiring certain private entities in possession of biometric identifiers or biometric information to develop a written policy, made available to the public, establishing a certain retention schedule and guidelines for permanently destroying biometric identifiers and biometric information; prohibiting a private entity from being required to make publicly available a certain policy; requiring each private entity in possession of biometric identifiers or biometric information to comply with certain schedules and guidelines; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Frederick County - Career Exploration and Development Activities - Coffee. Description: Prohibiting an Executive Branch agency from banning or regulating the sale of coffee in conjunction with a career exploration and development activity in a public high school in Frederick County, if the activity is directed at or organized by students with individualized education programs; and repealing an exception for a career exploration and development activity in a public high school in Frederick County that sold coffee on or before June 30, 2018.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Court Dog and Child Witness Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Court Dog and Child Witness Program to provide a facility dog or therapy dog to a child witness in any circuit court proceeding or other related court process, meeting, or interview; providing participation in the Program by a circuit court is voluntary; requiring participating courts to adhere to the procedures adopted by the Administrative Office of the Courts; requiring the Administrative Office of the Courts to develop a plan to implement the Program and ensure the details are publicly available; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Minority Business Enterprise Program – Public–Private Partnerships, Offshore Wind Projects, and Video Lottery Terminals. Description: Providing, under certain circumstances, that the provisions of the Minority Business Enterprise Program apply to public-private partnerships; prohibiting the Board of Public Works from approving a public-private partnership agreement until the reporting agency, in consultation with certain entities, establishes certain minority business enterprise goals and procedures; requiring that approved applicants for certain wind projects comply with the Minority Business Enterprise Program to a certain extent; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Lien Priority of Refinance Mortgages - Exception for Government Junior Mortgages. Description: Establishing that a certain provision of law authorizing a mortgagor or grantor to refinance the indebtedness secured by a first mortgage or deed of trust without obtaining permission from the holder of a certain junior lien does not apply to a junior lien securing a loan made by a state or local government agency with a 0% interest rate; and providing for the prospective application of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Ethics Violations and Crimes – Prohibitions and Penalties. Description: Increasing certain penalties for bribery relating to a public employee; prohibiting, subject to a certain exception, a former secretary of a principal department of the Executive Branch from assisting or representing another party for compensation, for one calendar year from the date the secretary leaves State office, in a matter that is the subject of legislative action.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: University System of Maryland – Textbooks – Availability of Free or Low–Cost Digital Materials(Textbook Transparency Act of 2020). Description: Requiring each constituent institution of higher education in the University System of Maryland to develop a method to clearly and conspicuously show students in the online course catalog which courses use free or low cost digital materials and may provide access to certain low-cost print materials; and providing that certain free or low-cost digital materials include certain resources and be equally accessible and usable by individuals with disabilities.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Exploitation of Vulnerable Adult or Elderly Individual - Undue Influence. Description: Altering the definition of "undue influence" for purposes of provisions of law prohibiting the exploitation of certain vulnerable adults or individuals at least 68 years old that results in inequity; requiring a court, in determining whether a transfer of property was induced by undue influence, to consider certain factors; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Cinema/Theater License. Description: Repealing certain time and area restrictions on the consumption of beer, wine, and liquor in a cinema or theater for which a Class CT (cinema/theater) license has been issued in Frederick County; and authorizing the on-premises consumption of beer, wine, and liquor in the lobby or a screening room or performance hall in the licensed premises of the cinema or theater.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Office of Legislative Audits - Costs and Frequency of Audits. Description: Repealing the requirement that the cost of the fiscal portion of 
postaudit examinations of the Environmental Trust Fund be an operating cost of the Environmental Trust Fund; repealing the requirement that the cost of the fiscal portion of the audits of the 9-1-1 Trust Fund be paid from the 9-1-1 Trust Fund as an administrative cost; repealing the requirement that the cost of the fiscal portion of the postaudit examinations of the Universal Service Trust Fund be paid from the Universal Service Trust Fund as an administrative cost; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sexual Harassment Prevention Training - Designated Coordinator - University System of Maryland. Description: Applying certain sexual harassment prevention training requirements to all units in the Executive, Judicial, and Legislative branches of State government and to each constituent institution of the University  System of Maryland; and repealing the requirement that a certain representative designated by a unit of the University System of Maryland to coordinate certain sexual harassment prevention training be the unit's Title IX Coordinator.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Department of Education - School Discipline - Data Collection. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to disaggregate certain discipline-related data in an electronic spreadsheet format for the Department's website; requiring certain discipline-related data to be available as a data download; requiring the Department to provide certain discipline-related data to the public in an accessible electronic spreadsheet format; requiring the Department to report a student discipline data report to the Governor and the General Assembly by August 1 each year;
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Notice of License Application. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to fulfill a certain notice requirement by posting online a completed application for an alcoholic beverages license at least 10 days before the application hearing; and altering a certain notice provision to require the applicant for an alcoholic beverages license, rather than the Board, to post a suitable notice at the location described in the application for at least 10 days before the application hearing.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Petition of Support. Description: Repealing, in Anne Arundel County, the requirement that certain applicants for certain local alcoholic beverages licenses include a petition of support with the license application.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health – Confidentiality of Medical Records and Emergency Facilities List. Description: Altering the definition of "health care provider" for the purposes of  provisions of law governing the confidentiality of medical records to include comprehensive crisis response centers, crisis stabilization centers, and crisis treatment centers; providing that the list of emergency facilities the Maryland Department of Health is required to publish may include comprehensive crisis response centers, crisis stabilization centers, crisis treatment centers, and outpatient mental health clinics; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force to Study the Maryland Orphans' Courts. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study the Maryland Orphans' Courts; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; requiring the Task Force to examine the composition and purpose of the Orphans' Courts in Maryland and make recommendations about how to improve the orphans' courts in Maryland; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before January 1, 2021; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Protection of Information - Revisions (Maryland Data Privacy Act). Description: Requiring certain units of State government to comply with certain standards and guidelines to ensure that the security of all information systems and applications is managed through a certain framework; requiring certain units of State government to undertake activities comprising collection, processing, and sharing of personally identifiable information in good faith; establishing that certain provisions of law do not apply to public institutions of higher education; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County - Tax Increment Financing and Special Taxing Districts. Description: Authorizing Charles County to use the proceeds from the issuance of certain tax increment financing bonds for convention centers, conference centers, or visitors' centers, to maintain infrastructure improvements at the centers, and to market development district facilities;  making certain financing, refinancing, and reimbursement contingent on the review and approval of the Board of County Commissioners of Charles County; authorizing Charles County to establish minority participation goals for development projects; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Occupational and Professional Licensing - Service Members, Veterans, and Military Spouses - Revisions to Reciprocity Requirements. Description: Altering the application requirements for a service member, veteran, or military spouse to apply for an occupational or professional license from a unit in the Maryland Department of Labor to require submission of proof that the applicant has held a license in good standing from another state for at least 1 year; authorizing the issuance of a temporary license to certain individuals who have held a valid license from another state for less than 1 year provided that the license is in good standing; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Elderly or Disabled Renters - Grants. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Frederick County to provide, by law, a grant to certain elderly or disabled renters of property; authorizing the governing body of Frederick County to establish qualifications for the grant; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland National Guard - Tuition Assistance Program - Modifications. Description: Increasing, from 50% to 100%, the percentage of tuition that may be reimbursed of the cost of in-State tuition for certain courses for any active National Guard member attending certain institutions; and expanding the definition of "member" as it relates to who can receive tuition reimbursement to include any individual who holds a commission in the National Guard.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospital and Nursing Facility Workers and Health Care Practitioners - Identification Tags and Badges - Name Requirement. Description: Specifying that each hospital or nursing facility in the State ensure that all of its health care service providers whether in the hospital, outside or in a separate nursing facility wear personal identification tag indicating in readable text the first name, nickname, last name, or full name of the individual that is commonly used in the hospital or nursing facility; specifying the form of names required to be displayed on the badge required to worn by a health care practitioner when providing certain care to a patient; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Debt Collection - Exemptions From Attachment and Execution. Description: Altering the amount of wages of a judgment debtor that are exempt from attachment to 30 times the State minimum hourly wage in effect at the time the wages are due, multiplied by the number of weeks during which the wages due were earned; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Southern Maryland Code Counties - Collective Bargaining. Description: Authorizing a Southern Maryland code county to enact a local law that provides regular employees of the county with certain collective bargaining rights; requiring a certain local law to provide definitions of and remedies for unfair labor practices and prohibit certain strikes or work stoppages by certain employees; providing that  "regular employee" does not include an appointed or elected official, or a supervisory, managerial, or confidential employee; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Transit Administration - Funding (Transit Safety and Investment Act). Description: Requiring the Governor to include certain appropriations in the State budget from the Transportation Trust Fund to the Maryland Transit Administration for certain operating and capital needs of the Administration in certain fiscal years; authorizing the reduction of certain appropriations under certain circumstances; requiring the Administration to submit a report each year on the planning and use of capital funds for certain capital projects in the prior fiscal year; declaring the intent of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Bicounty Commissions - Annual Reports - Conflicts of Interest and Lobbying PG/MC 102-20. Description: Requiring certain bicounty commissions to report on conflict of interest issues and regulations during the previous calendar year on or before April 30 each year; requiring certain bicounty commissions to report on lobbying before the bicounty commission and regulation of that lobbying for the previous calendar year on or before April 30 each year; and requiring certain bicounty commissions to publish the reports on the website of the bicounty commission.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Alcoholic Beverages - Consumption Only Marketplace License MC 11-20. Description: Defining the term "shopping center" as any combination of privately owned commercial, professional, or retail establishments to which the general public is invited for business purposes; establishing in Montgomery County a consumption only marketplace license; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners to issue the license to the developer of a certain commercial shopping center; authorizing the license holder to allow the consumption of beer, wine, and liquor in a designated outdoor area under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natalie M. LaPrade Medical Cannabis Commission – Certifying Providers. Description: Altering the definition of "certifying provider" to include physician assistants that have an active, unrestricted license to practice, have an active delegation agreement with a primary supervising physician who is a certifying provider, and are in good standing with the State Board of Physicians; and altering the membership of the Natalie M. LaPrade Medical Cannabis Commission.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Civil Actions - Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation. Description: Altering the conditions under which a lawsuit is considered a strategic lawsuit against public participation (SLAPP suit); specifying the conditions under which a lawsuit is not considered a SLAPP suit; altering the conditions under which a defendant in a SLAPP suit is not civilly liable for certain communications; requiring a court to rule expeditiously on a certain motion to dismiss an alleged SLAPP suit; providing for a plaintiff's burden and the award of certain fees in connection with a motion to dismiss; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County - Illegal Disposal of Bulky Items - Penalties. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Charles County to adopt an ordinance to prohibit the disposal of a bulky item on a highway or on public or private property except under certain circumstances; and authorizing Charles County to impose penalties of up to 30 days imprisonment or a fine not exceeding $5,000 or both for certain violations.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland - Funding. Description: Increasing, to $125,000, the amount of money that the county commissioners of Calvert County, Charles County, and St. Mary's County are required to appropriate each year for the Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland to foster cooperative planning and development in the region.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax Checkoff - Maryland Veterans Trust Fund. Description: Establishing an income tax checkoff for voluntary contributions to the Maryland Veterans Trust Fund; requiring the Comptroller to include a checkoff on the individual income tax return; requiring the Comptroller to collect and account for contributions made through the checkoff and to credit the proceeds to the Fund after deducting the amount necessary to administer the checkoff; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Transportation - I-270 Commuter Bus Route Study. Description: Requiring the Department of Transportation to study and make recommendations on the feasibility of establishing a point-to-point commuter bus route that serves certain population centers along the I-270 corridor and provides service to and from job centers in Northern Virginia; requiring the Department, in conducting the study, to consult with certain governments, stakeholders, and entities and to study and make recommendations to the Governor and certain Committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2021; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Dental Examiners - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Dental Examiners in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending until July 1, 2031, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Foreign Manufacture of Election Systems – Notification and Termination of Contract. Description: Prohibiting the State Board of Elections from approving a contract with an election service provider unless the contract requires the provider to report to the State Administrator of Elections if any stage in the manufacturing of a component of the provider's election system occurred outside the United States or if any material change to a component in any stage in the manufacturing of an election system occurred outside the United States; requiring a certain report by the election service provider to the State Administrator; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission - Mandatory Referral Review PG/MC 101-20. Description: Establishing that a referral to the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission is deemed approved under certain circumstances only if there is a complete submission or an explanatory narrative accompanied by architectural drawings that can be adequately reviewed by the Commission; requiring the Commission to notify a certain submitting entity within 3 business days regarding whether a certain submission or amendment to a submission is complete and accepted or rejected as incomplete; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Strategic Energy Investment Fund - Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative - Use of Proceeds for Maryland Healthy Soils Program. Description: Specifying that funds in a certain renewable and clean energy programs account be used for the Maryland Healthy Soils Program; and requiring that $500,000 of the renewable and clean energy programs account be allocated to the Maryland Healthy Soils Program.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Care Centers – Early Childhood Screening and Assistance. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, by January 1, 2021, to establish guidelines for early childhood developmental screenings for children under the age of 3 years to be used by child care centers for certain purposes; requiring, beginning, July 1, 2021, certain child care centers to offer evaluations for children entering these centers; requiring an employee of each center to provide information to parents and guardians about the Maryland Infants and Toddlers Program and provide assistance in contacting a certain agency; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Energy Efficiency - Net-Zero Homes - Contract Preferences. Description: Requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to give preference to applications for certain loans that will use the services of certain small, minority, women-owned, and veteran-owned businesses, particularly those businesses that provide employment for individuals trained through workforce development programs, for loans for certain net-zero homes under the Energy-Efficient Homes Construction Loan Program.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority - Sovereign Immunity - Employee Whistleblower Protection. Description: Providing that certain whistleblower protections for certain employees of the State apply to the employees of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority contingent on certain action by the Commonwealth of Virginia and the District of Columbia; specifying certain whistleblower protection laws that the General Assembly considers similar for the purpose of a certain provision of law; establishing the intent of the General Assembly to waive the sovereign immunity of the State for certain purposes; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Immigration Enforcement - Public Schools, Hospitals, and Courthouses - Policies. Description: Requiring the Attorney General, in consultation with certain stakeholders, to develop guidelines to assist public schools, hospitals, and courthouses to draft policies that limit civil immigration enforcement activities on their premises in order to ensure these facilities remain safe and accessible to all; and authorizing public schools, hospitals, and courthouses to establish and publish policies that limit immigration enforcement on their premises to the fullest extent possible; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development Programs - Data Collection and Tracking - Minority Business Enterprises. Description: Requiring the Department of Commerce in a certain annual report on economic development programs to include information for minority business enterprises on the number of enterprises that received assistance from each economic development program and the percentage of assistance distributed to each minority business enterprise from each economic development program compared to the total assistance distributed from each economic development program.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State House Trust - Lawyer's Mall - Thurgood Marshall Memorial Statues. Description: Requiring the State House Trust to ensure that the Thurgood Marshall Memorial statues on Lawyer's Mall are maintained in the same material condition in which they were on July 1, 2018; providing that the Thurgood Marshall Memorial statues on Lawyer's Mall may be removed as necessary only under certain conditions; making the Act contingent on the completion of construction on Lawyer's Mall begun in August 2018 by the Department of General Services; and prohibiting the removal of the statutes except under certain conditions; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Crimes - Unattended Dogs in Extreme Weather Conditions. Description: Prohibiting a person from leaving a dog outside and unattended for longer than 30 minutes without access to continuous suitable shelter during extreme weather conditions, subject to certain exceptions; making a violation a civil offense; applying certain penalties; and defining the terms "suitable shelter," "sporting," and "extreme weather conditions".
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - State's Attorney's Office and Child Support Administration - Transfer of Personnel. Description: Transferring the functions, powers, and duties of the Child Support Unit of the Office of the State's Attorney for Harford County to the Child Support Administration of the Department of Human Services; requiring the creation of certain Position Identification Numbers for certain employees; providing for the determination of salary grade and seniority for certain employees; requiring certain employer contributions and interest to be transferred within a certain fund for the Employees' Pension System; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Utilities - Gas Service Regulator Safety (Flower Branch Act). Description: Requiring that any gas service newly installed at an occupied structure may have a gas service regulator installed only outside the structure; requiring an existing interior gas service regulator in a multifamily residential structure to be relocated outside whenever a gas service line or regulator is replaced; requiring a gas company, on or before January 1, 2021, to file a plan with the Public service Commission to relocate any gas service regulator that provides service to a multifamily residential structure; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program - Participation of School-Based Health Centers - Regulations. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health on or before January 1, 2021, to revise its regulations regarding school-based health centers that may participate in the Maryland Medical Assistance Program to include school-based health centers that have a written agreement with a sponsoring agency that meets certain requirements identified by the State Department of Education in the version of the "Maryland School-Based Health Center Standards" report available December 1, 2019; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary’s County – Property Tax Credit for Improvements to Commercial Real Property and Transfer Tax Sunset Extension. Description: Authorizing the governing body of St. Mary's County to grant, by law, a property tax credit against the county property tax imposed on commercial real property that is located in an eligible area of the county and that has been improved on or after July 1, 2020; prohibiting the tax credit from exceeding 25% of the county property tax; requiring the governing body of St. Mary's County to define, by law, certain eligibility criteria; applying certain provisions of the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship - Revisions. Description: Altering the eligibility requirements for a Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship to repeal a provision of law requiring a certain applicant to apply within 2 years after graduating from high school; altering certain grade point average eligibility requirements to allow an average of at least 2.5 on a 4.0 scale or its equivalent; requiring the Higher Education Commission to contact all public school counselors in the State regarding the scholarship and to post information about the program on the Commission's website; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government – Open Meetings – Requirements and Application of Open Meetings Act(Maryland State Agency Transparency Act). Description: Requiring certain State agencies to make publicly available on their websites open meeting agendas 48 hours in advance of each meeting or, under certain circumstances, as far in advance of the meeting as practicable; requiring certain State agencies to post on their websites certain meeting minutes not more than 2 business days after the minutes are approved; requiring certain State agencies to maintain on their websites meeting minutes for 5 years and video recordings and certain audio recordings for a minimum of 1 year after a meeting; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Health - Products Containing a Flame-Retardant Chemical. Description: Prohibiting a person from importing, selling, or offering for sale any juvenile product, mattress, upholstered furniture, or reupholstered furniture that contains more than 0.1% of flame-retardant chemicals by mass; repealing certain provisions of law regarding the importing, sale, or offering for sale of any child care product containing certain chemicals; establishing certain civil penalties; requiring the Secretary of Health to consider certain factors in determining the amount of a certain penalty; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Sexual Assault Evidence Kits - Privacy, Reimbursement, and Notification. Description: Requiring a physician, qualified health care provider, or hospital to provide a certain notice to the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board  that services were rendered to a victim of an alleged rape or sexual offense or a victim of alleged child sexual abuse; prohibiting a physician, qualified health care provider, or hospital from including certain information in a request to the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board to obtain payment for services related to certain sexually related crimes under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Action for Change of Name - Waiver of Publication Requirement. Description: Requiring a court to waive a certain publication requirement in an action for change of name under the Maryland Rules on motion by an individual who has filed the action.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B and Class H Licenses - Renewals. Description: Requiring a license holder, before each renewal of a Class B or Class H alcoholic beverages license in Anne Arundel County, to attest in a sworn statement that the gross receipts from food sales for the 12-month period immediately preceding the application for renewal were equal to at least 51% of the gross receipts from the sale of food and alcoholic beverages sold for on-premises consumption.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle and Homeowner's Insurance - Use of Claim History in Rating Policies. Description: Prohibiting an insurer, with respect to private passenger motor vehicle insurance, from increasing the premium for an insured based on a homeowner's insurance claim; and prohibiting an insurer, with respect to homeowner's insurance, from increasing the premium for an insured based on a private passenger motor vehicle insurance claim.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Transit Administration – Conversion to Zero–Emission Buses (Zero–Emission Bus Transition Act). Description: Prohibiting, beginning in fiscal year 2022, the Maryland Transit Administration from purchasing buses for the Administration's State transit bus fleet that are not zero-emission buses; requiring the Administration, on or before January 1, 2021, and each January 1 thereafter, to submit a report to certain committees of the General Assembly on the implementation of the Act; requiring the report to include a schedule for converting to zero-emission buses and a plan for transitioning any adversely affected State employees; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Payment in Lieu of Taxes Agreements - Multiphase Economic Development Projects and Sunset Repeal PG 408-20. Description: Authorizing the owner of an economic development project and the governing body of Prince George's County to enter into multiple payment in lieu of taxes agreements for different phases of an economic development project; providing that the term of an agreement may not exceed 15 years from the date a certificate of occupancy is first issued for any phase of a project; requiring, by January 1 each year, that a report on certain projects be submitted to the Prince George's County Delegation in the General Assembly: etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on the Economic Future of Western Maryland. Description: Establishing the Task Force on the Economic Future of Western Maryland to study the current economic conditions of Western Maryland and make recommendations regarding ways to expand economic opportunity in the region; providing for the  membership of the Task Force and the appointment of a Senate cochair and a House cochair; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before January 1, 2021; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Campaign Finance Reports - Business Contributors - Registration Status. Description: Requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to electronically transmit certain lists of registered and forfeited businesses to the State Board of Elections by January 15 each year; requiring the Department to electronically transmit the name of a business seeking reinstatement of its registration to the Board within 24 hours of processing the filing; requiring the State Board to use certain information transmitted by the Department to identify and compile contributions made by certain businesses; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: St. Mary's County Open Meetings Act - Public Agencies and Use of New Technology. Description: Altering the definition of "public agency" for purposes of the St. Mary's County Open Meetings Act to include the St. Mary's County Board of Library Trustees, the St. Mary's County Metropolitan Commission, and the St. Mary's County Housing Authority; and encouraging certain public agencies to use new technology when available to aid in public accessibility and transparency.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Protest of License Renewal - Zoning Violations. Description: Repealing a prohibition against the consideration of zoning issues by the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City when hearing and determining a protest filed against a renewal of an alcoholic beverages license.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders - Coverage. Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program, beginning January 1, 2021, to provide services for pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infections and pediatric acute onset neuropsychiatric syndrome under certain circumstances; requiring carriers to provide coverage for certain diagnosis, evaluation, and treatment of pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders; applying the Act to all policies, contracts and health benefit plans issued, delivered, or renewed in the State on or after January 1, 2021; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Care Practitioners – Telehealth and Shortage. Description: Authorizing certain health care practitioners to establish a 
practitioner-patient relationship through telehealth interactions; requiring a health care practitioner providing telehealth services to be held to the same standards of practice that are applicable to in-person settings and, if clinically appropriate, provide or refer a patient for in-patient services or another type of telehealth service; prohibiting a health care practitioner from prescribing a certain opiate through telehealth except under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Public Schools and Youth Sports Programs - Tackle Football. Description: Limiting a certain tackle football season to the months of August through December; prohibiting a county board of education or school from offering, approving, or sponsoring tackle football games during the months of January through July; prohibiting a youth sports program from providing tackle football games to youth athletes during the months of January through July; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Driver’s Licenses and Vehicle Registrations – Distribution of Tax Payments – Tax Clinics for Low–Income Marylanders. Description: Requiring that each fiscal year $250,000 of undisputed taxes collected as a result of the Motor Vehicle Administration's refusal to renew or transfer certain vehicle registrations or renew the driver's license of certain applicants be distributed to the Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders Fund; establishing the Tax Clinics for Low-Income Marylanders Fund to provide grants to certain law schools to operate tax clinics for low-income Marylanders; requiring the Secretary of Higher Education to administer the Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Mental Health Benefits and Substance Use Disorder Benefits - Reports on Nonquantitative Treatment Limitations and Data. Description: Requiring certain carriers, on or before March 1, 2022 and March 1, 2024, to submit a report to the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to demonstrate the carrier's compliance with the federal Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act; requiring certain carriers to identify the five health benefit plans with the highest enrollment for each product offered in certain markets and conduct a certain analysis; authorizing certain carriers to submit a request to the Commissioner that disclosure of certain information be denied; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Public Health Outreach Programs - Cognitive Impairment, Alzheimer's Disease, and Other Types of Dementia. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in partnership with the Department of Aging, the Virginia I. Jones Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders Council, and the Alzheimer's Association, to incorporate information regarding cognitive impairment, Alzheimer's disease, and other types of dementia into relevant public health outreach programs administered by the Maryland Department of Health in order to educate health care providers and increase understanding of  matters related to certain types of cognitive impairment; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Victims of Human Trafficking - Affirmative Defense. Description: Establishing an affirmative defense to certain crimes if a defendant committed an act as a result of being a victim of an act of another in violation of certain State and federal provisions of law prohibiting human trafficking; prohibiting a defendant from asserting the affirmative defense established by the Act unless the defendant provides a certain notice to the State's Attorney at least 10 days prior to trial; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Human Services - Child Abuse Prevention - Online Course. Description: Requiring the Department of Human Services to post on its website a free online course on the identification, prevention, and reporting of child abuse.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Salaries of Inspectors. Description: Raising the salaries of part-time inspectors employed by the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County from $10,000 to $11,000 for one part-time chief inspector, from $8,000 to $9,000 for one part-time deputy chief inspector, and for other part-time inspectors from $6,000 to $7,000 annually.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Queen Anne's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Financial Interest. Description: Defining the phrases "controlling interest" and "financial interest" as they apply to applications for alcoholic beverages licenses in Queen Anne's County; establishing that "controlling interest" refers  to an applicant who has ownership or control of sufficient shares to allow for an exercise of control over the business and "financial interest" refers to an applicant who is the owner of a controlling interest in a place of business for which a license had been applied for or issued.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Absentee Ballots - Timing of Canvass. Description: Altering the time that a local board of elections may begin opening absentee ballot envelopes to canvass the absentee ballots cast in an election to before 9 a.m. on the Friday following election day instead of prior to 8 a.m. on the Wednesday following election day.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Campaign Material - Disclosure of the Use of Bots. Description: Requiring certain persons that use a bot to publish, distribute, or disseminate campaign material online to another person in the State for the purpose of influencing an election to disclose in a clear and conspicuous manner on the campaign material that the person is using a bot to publish, distribute, or disseminate the campaign material; authorizing the State Board of Elections to seek to remove a bot under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Queen Anne's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Petition of Support. Description: Repealing, in Queen Anne's County, the requirement that certain applicants for certain local alcoholic beverages licenses include a petition of support with the license application.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Dental Examiners - Dental Specialization - Requirements. Description: Altering, from the American Dental Association to the National Commission on Recognition of Dental Specialties and Certifying Boards, the entity whose requirements regarding specialties an applicant for a teacher's license to practice dentistry must meet under certain circumstances; providing that certain qualifications required for applicants for Board recognition as a specialist may include requirements established by certain specialty certification boards; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax – Pass–Through Entities, Throwback Rule, and Combined Reporting. Description: Altering the State income tax imposed on certain pass-through entities; requiring each pass-through entity to pay the tax imposed with respect to certain shares of certain nonresident and nonresident entity members of the pass-through entity; requiring that certain sales of tangible personal property be attributed to the State for apportionment purposes under the corporate income tax if the corporation is not taxable in the state of the purchaser; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Certification in Secondary Education Content Areas - Expanded Grade Range. Description: Requiring the State Board of Education to authorize a teacher certificated in secondary education to provide instruction in the teacher's content area to students in grades 6 through 12; and requiring the State Board to adopt certain regulations.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts – Guardianship of the Property of Disabled Persons – Court–Appointed Attorneys. Description: Requiring the State to pay reasonable attorney's fees incurred in representing an alleged disabled person who is indigent in a petition for the appointment of a guardian of the property of the person; and requiring the court, under certain circumstances, to appoint, for the alleged disabled person, an attorney who has contracted with the Maryland Department of Human Services, subject to a certain exception.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Southern Maryland - Homeowners Association Commission - Alternative Dispute Resolution Authority. Description: Expanding the authority of certain homeowners association commissions in the code home rule counties of the Southern Maryland class to hear and resolve through alternative dispute resolution certain issues between a homeowners association and a homeowner regarding the enforcement of the governing documents, including declarations, bylaws, deeds, and recorded covenants and restrictions.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission - Training Requirements - Hate Crimes. Description: Requiring the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to require entrance-level and in-service police training conducted by the State and each county and municipal police training school to include in their curriculum training relating to the criminal laws concerning recognition of, reporting of, and response to hate crimes.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Crimes – Mitigation – Race, Color, National Origin, Sex, Gender Identity, or Sexual Orientation. Description: Establishing that the discovery or perception of, or belief about, another person's race, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, or sexual orientation, whether or not accurate, does not constitute legally adequate provocation to mitigate a killing from the crime of murder to manslaughter or an assault from the crime of assault in the first degree to assault in the second degree or another lesser crime.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Orphans' Court Judges - Compensation. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to determine the salary of the judges of the Orphans' Court for Baltimore City; authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to determine the pension of the judges of the Orphans' Court for Baltimore City; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - School Physical Examinations - Physician Assistant. Description: Altering the types of health care providers required to complete a physical examination of a student entering the Maryland Public School System for the first time to include a licensed physician assistant with a delegation agreement approved by the State Board of Physicians.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Cell Site Simulator. Description: Authorizing a court to issue an order authorizing or directing a law enforcement officer to use a cell site simulator after making a certain determination; limiting to 30 days or less the time period during which a cell site simulator may be used or location information may be obtained under the authority of a certain order; requiring cell site simulator use by law enforcement to begin 10 days after issuance of an order; providing that evidence obtained in violation of the Act is subject to the exclusionary rule, as judicially determined; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Primary and Secondary Schools - Dependent Children of Service Members - Enrollment and Documentation Requirements. Description: Requiring a county superintendent of schools to allow a dependent child of a service member relocating to the State on military orders to enroll in a school in the county in accordance with certain provisions of law; requiring a county superintendent to allow a dependent child of a certain service member to apply for enrollment in a certain public school in the same manner and at the same time as individuals domiciled in the county; requiring the service member to provide certain documentation to the school by a certain time; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Property Tax - Credit for Seniors to Offset Property Tax Rate Increase. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Baltimore County to grant, by law, a certain property tax credit against the county property tax imposed on a dwelling owned by an individual who is at least 65 years old, has resided in the dwelling for 30 consecutive years, and whose combined income does not exceed $60,000; requiring the amount of the credit to equal 100% of any increase in the property tax imposed on the dwelling attributable to a property tax rate that exceeds $1.10 for each $100 of assessment; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Nonresident Tuition Exemption for Military Personnel, Spouses, and Dependents - Alterations. Description: Exempting spouses and financially dependent children of active duty members of the United States armed forces from paying nonresident tuition at a public institution of higher education in the State if certain requirements are met at the time of acceptance to attend the institution; and requiring the exemption to continue if the qualifying individual enrolls and remains continuously enrolled at the institution, and remains domiciled in the State regardless of changes in the station, residency, or domicile of the active duty member.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Grounds for Suspension. Description: Authorizing the executive secretary of the Baltimore City Board of License Commissioners to immediately suspend a certain alcoholic beverages license if the executive secretary, in conjunction with the Baltimore Police Department, has a probable cause to believe that the license holder failed to take reasonable measures to prevent acts of violence that resulted in death or serious bodily injury from occurring on certain property; requiring the Board to give the license holder certain notice and hold a hearing within 5 business days; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Drugs and Devices - Electronic Prescriptions - Controlled Dangerous Substances. Description: Authorizing certain controlled dangerous substance prescriptions to be dispensed on an electronic prescription; requiring, except under certain circumstances, a certain health practitioner to issue a prescription for a controlled dangerous substance electronically; authorizing an authorized prescriber to issue a written or oral prescription for a controlled dangerous substance only under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Staff Members - Report. Description: Requiring each county board of education to submit, beginning on July 1, 2021 and each July 1 thereafter, a report to the State Board of Education, the Governor, and certain legislative committees on the ratio of students to certain staff members at each school; and requiring the report to include the ratio of students to certain staff members for the school system as a whole.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Small Business Innovation Research Technical Assistance Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Small Business Innovation Research Technical Assistance Program in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to provide technical assistance to small businesses in the State seeking grants under certain federal programs; requiring small businesses to meet certain qualifications for participation in the Program; authorizing the Corporation, in accordance with certain provisions of law, to procure a nonprofit organization located in the State to provide services under the Program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Personnel - Employee Accommodations - Pregnancy and Childbirth. Description: Requiring all units in the Executive, Judicial, and Legislative branches of State government, including all units with independent personnel systems, to provide certain reasonable accommodations for an employee with certain limitations caused or contributed to by pregnancy or childbirth; prohibiting units of State government, under certain circumstances, from requiring an employee to take certain leave or requiring an employee to accept certain accommodations under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Social Workers - Scope of Practice, Supervision, and Application Decision Appeal Process. Description: Altering the definition of "practice social work" to include counseling for alcohol and drug use and addictive behaviors and to clarify that it includes, for certain individuals, the treatment of biopsychosocial conditions under the supervision of a licensed social worker-clinical; requiring the State Board of Social Work Examiners, under certain circumstances, to approve licensees approved to engage in independent practice to provide supervision; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Circuit Court Real Property Records Improvement Fund - Surcharge on Recordable Instruments. Description: Increasing, from $20 to $40, the amount of the surcharge on certain recordable instruments that the State Court Administrator is required to establish for the Circuit Court Real Property Records Improvement Fund.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Campaign Finance Entities - Responsible Officers. Description: Altering the definition of "responsible officers" for purposes of certain provisions of law governing elections to include, for an authorized candidate campaign committee, the candidate; requiring a candidate to appoint a chairman and treasurer on a certain form to establish the candidate's authorized candidate campaign committee; prohibiting certain family members and certain employees of a candidate from serving as the treasurer of the candidate's authorized candidate campaign committee; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Liquor Licenses - Transfer of License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to allow an approved applicant to transfer an alcoholic beverages license to other premises within one-half mile of the premises for which the license was issued if the premises is substantially destroyed by fire, explosion, or catastrophe, taken by condemnation, taken by the exercise of the power of eminent domain, or no longer leased by the license holder due to the delay of a court case or other administrative process delay; and applying the Act retroactively.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Campaign Finance - Revisions. Description: Requiring a treasurer of a campaign finance entity to approve, rather than make, all disbursements for the entity; prohibiting the treasurer of a party central committee from approving, rather than making, a disbursement except under certain circumstances; authorizing the chairman of a campaign finance entity to approve, rather than make, disbursements for the entity under certain circumstances; authorizing the State Board of Elections to waive a requirement regarding submission of certain bank statements during a certain period; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Governments - Resilience Authorities - Authorization. Description: Authorizing a local government to create a Resilience Authority by local law; specifying certain requirements for the adoption of a local law establishing an Authority; specifying the powers that a local government may grant an Authority; authorizing an Authority to issue certain bonds for certain purposes; authorizing a local governing body to dedicate certain revenues of the local government to the repayment of bonds for certain operations and projects of an Authority; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Purple Line Construction Zone – State Income Tax Credit and Grant Program. Description: Allowing certain qualified businesses impacted by the construction of the Purple Line light rail project in Montgomery County and Prince George's County a credit against the State income tax; requiring the Department of Commerce, in consultation with the Department of Transportation to determine the eligible amount of the income tax credit; providing the amount of the credit may not exceed $25,000;  making the income tax credit refundable; establishing the Purple Line Construction Zone Grant Program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Multiple Licenses. Description: Altering the types of licenses and forms of ownership subject to certain restrictions on the number of certain licenses a license holder may hold in Anne Arundel County; altering certain restrictions on the licenses a holder may hold by direct or indirect interest in the county; repealing certain restrictions on certain license holders being issued another license in the county; repealing certain locational requirements for certain additional licenses; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Closed Estates - Subsequent Discovery of Check. Description: Authorizing a court, following the discovery of a check to a decedent or the estate of a decedent payable for a sum not exceeding $1,000 after the estate is closed and the appointment of the personal representative is terminated, to enter an order authorizing a certain interested person to indorse and deposit the check into the interested person's bank account for the limited purpose of distributing the funds in a certain manner; providing that a hearing is not required before a court may enter a certain order; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: City of Annapolis - Housing Authority - Prohibitions Against Exceptions to Local Laws. Description: Prohibiting a State public body from making an exception for the Housing Authority of the City of Annapolis to a law, rule, regulation, or ordinance that operates in Annapolis and relates to licensure or the inspection of real property, subject to certain exceptions; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners – Cease and Desist Orders and Civil Penalties. Description: Authorizing, on review and approval of the Secretary of Agriculture or the Secretary's designee, the State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners to issue a cease and desist order against a person who practices, attempts to practice, or offers to practice veterinary medicine in violation of certain laws or takes certain actions; specifying that a civil penalty imposed under the Act may not exceed $5,000 for a first offense or $10,000 for a second or subsequent offense; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Board of Community College Trustees. Description: Requiring the members of the Board of Community College Trustees for Anne Arundel County to reside in Anne Arundel County; establishing a 4-year term for nonstudent members; and limiting nonstudent members to three consecutive full terms; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health - Maryland Children's Service Animal Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Children's Service Animal Program in the Maryland Department of Health to serve the needs of children with a history of trauma, post-traumatic stress disorder, or who have been diagnosed with a certain disability and special health care need by teaching them to partner with a service or support dog or to interact with therapy horses; requiring the Department to select at least one nonprofit entity to select Program participants, support dogs, or therapy horses, and facilitate training or therapy; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners - Sunset Extension and Program Evaluation. Description: Continuing the State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2031, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; and requiring, on or before December 31 each year, the Board to report to the Governor and the General Assembly on the Board's disciplinary activities for the previous fiscal year.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Marijuana - Possession and Possession With Intent to Distribute. Description: Increasing, from 10 grams to 1 ounce, the amount of marijuana below which possession is a civil offense, rather than a criminal offense; and creating a presumption that a person in possession of less than 1 ounce of marijuana is not in violation of a certain provision of law with regard to marijuana, in the absence of any other evidence of a certain violation.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Physical Therapists and Physical Therapist Assistants - Qualifications. Description: Establishing a certain educational qualification required for an applicant for a physical therapist assistant license who was educated in limited physical therapy outside of any state; and altering certain educational qualifications for applicants for physical therapy licenses or physical therapist assistant licenses who were educated in any state to require the applicant to have graduated from a certain accredited program and have satisfactorily completed certain clinical education requirements.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Small Yacht Club License. Description: Establishing a small yacht club alcoholic beverages license in Anne Arundel County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners to issue the license for use by a small yacht club that meets certain criteria; specifying that the license authorizes a license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor to members and their guests for on-premises consumption under certain circumstances; authorizing a license holder to purchase alcoholic beverages from a retail dealer; specifying an annual license fee of $525; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Administration – Absentee Ballot Canvass and Moratorium on Use of Wireless Network. Description: Altering the time that a local board of elections may begin opening absentee ballot envelopes to canvass the absentee ballots cast in an election to before 9 a.m. on the Friday following election day instead of prior to 8 a.m. on the Wednesday following election day; and prohibiting the use of a wireless wide area network to transmit data from certain electronic poll books to the State Board of Elections or the local boards of elections during an election that is held before January 1, 2021.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Condominiums and Homeowners Associations - Amendment of Governing Documents. Description: Clarifying that unit owners may vote to amend the bylaws of a condominium by an affirmative vote of at least 60% of unit owners in good standing, or by a lower percentage of unit owners in good standing if required in the bylaws; and clarifying the circumstances under which lot owners may vote to amend certain governing documents of a homeowners association.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Scooter and Electric Low Speed Scooter Sharing Companies – Nonvisual Access. Description: Requiring that motor scooter and electric low speed scooter sharing companies include on each motor scooter or electric low speed scooter made available to the public an embossed tactile display with contact information through which an individual who is blind or visually impaired may contact the company; requiring that motor scooter and electric low speed scooter sharing companies provide individuals with disabilities certain nonvisual access to their websites and mobile applications consistent with certain federal standards; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Entertainment Facilities. Description: Specifying the manner in which the holder of an entertainment facility license in Anne Arundel County may sell beer, wine, and liquor; altering the scope of certain entertainment that may be performed in the licensed premises; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to authorize the sale of alcoholic beverages in certain areas for a promotional event in an area adjacent to the entertainment facility; authorizing the Board to revoke a certain license after a finding that a certain activity has occurred; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians and Allied Health Advisory Committees - Sunset Extension and Program Evaluation. Description: Continuing the State Board of Physicians and the related allied health advisory committees by extending to July 1, 2030, the termination provisions relating to statutory and regulatory authority of the State Board of Physicians and the committees; altering the reasons for which a disciplinary panel of the Board is authorized to deny a certain license or refuse to renew or reinstate an applicant's license under certain circumstances; altering the content of a certain annual report by the Board; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Electric Industry - Community Choice Energy - Pilot Program. Description: Applying certain laws regarding net energy metering and community solar generating systems to customers served by a community choice aggregator; altering the circumstances under which counties and municipal corporations may act as an aggregator; establishing a certain Community Choice Aggregator Pilot Program; establishing a process by which, beginning on October 1, 2022, a certain county may form a community choice aggregator; requiring a certain county to develop a plan and give notice of a certain aggregation plan; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Aging - Assisted Living Program Subsidies - Determinations. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Aging to pay to certain low-income seniors up to a $1,500 subsidy from State general funds to help low-income seniors reside in assisted living programs; increasing, except under certain circumstances, a certain subsidy in effect for certain periods of time based on annual growth in the consumer price index; requiring an applicable area agency to determine the amount of the monthly subsidy for a resident of an assisted living program and, in doing so, to make a certain deduction for personal expenses; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax – Business and Economic Development Tax Credits – Termination, Alteration, and Evaluation. Description: Repealing certain provisions of law authorizing and governing a credit against the State income tax for certain expenses incurred for certain cellulosic ethanol technology research and development activities; prohibiting the Secretary of Commerce from designating or expanding certain enterprise zones and focus areas; requiring the Department of Legislative Services to conduct an evaluation of a State tax credit, exemption, or preference, or an aspect of a State tax credit, exemption, or preferences, under certain circumstances;  etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Opportunity Zone Enhancement Program - Eligibility - Lead-Based Paint Affected Properties. Description: Altering the information required to be provided to the Department of Commerce in order to qualify for certain tax credit enhancements under the Opportunity Zone Enhancement Program to include, with respect to certain qualified opportunity zone business property, a detailed plan for the performance of certain lead hazard reduction activities; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Correctional Facilities - Voter Registration and Voting. Description: Requiring each correctional facility to disseminate certain written information directly to each eligible voter regarding voter registration, absentee voting, and certain applications and provide an absentee ballot to an eligible voter on request; requiring the Board of Elections to provide correctional facilities with certain written materials; requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to provide each individual who is released from a facility with a voter registration application; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Education - Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps Instructors. Description: Altering the definition of "public school employee" for the purposes of provisions of law governing collective bargaining for certificated employees in Carroll County to include Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps (JROTC) instructors.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Alcoholic Beverages - Hours and Days for Consumption and Sale. Description: Altering the hours and days for consumption and sale, in Carroll County, for certain alcoholic beverages licenses.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Service of Process - Detention Center Employees. Description: Expanding the authority of a certain individual who is designated to serve criminal process by the administrator of the local detention center in Harford County to serve process within the Circuit Court for Harford County and the District Court of Maryland for Harford County.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Athletic Training - Revisions. Description: Altering the definition of "practice athletic training"; repealing certain provisions of law requiring an athletic trainer to practice in a certain setting; altering the information that is required to be included in an evaluation and treatment protocol; authorizing an athletic trainer to provide treatment for not more than 14 days to a certain athletic individual unless the trainer has received a referral from a certain health care provider; providing that preventive care is not considered treatment for a certain purpose.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Justice Reinvestment Act - Modifications. Description: Providing that a certain presumption may be rebutted if a certain commissioner or court finds and states on the record at a certain time that adhering to certain limits would create a certain risk to  certain individuals; authorizing a certain commissioner or court to take certain actions on finding that adhering to certain limits would create a certain risk to certain individuals; altering penalties for obtaining, attempting to obtain, possessing, or distributing controlled paraphernalia; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Commission on Civil Rights - Civil Penalties. Description: Providing that certain maximum penalty amounts the Maryland Commission on Civil Rights is authorized to seek if it finds that a respondent has engaged in a discriminatory act regarding public accommodations and certain actions by persons licensed or regulated by a unit in the Maryland Department of Labor do not apply if the discriminatory act is committed by the agent or employee of the respondent; requiring any civil penalties collected under the Act be paid to the complainant, not the General Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health – Biosafety Level 3 Laboratories in Frederick County. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to make available a certain form; requiring certain biosafety level 3 (BSL-3) laboratories in Frederick County to report certain information to the Department on or before October 30 each year; requiring the Department to report the number and location of BSL-3 laboratories to the Maryland Emergency Management Agency and certain officials in Frederick County and the total number of laboratories to the Governor and General Assembly by December 31 each year; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Procurement - Payment of Employee Health Care Expenses - Revisions. Description: Authorizing a certain bidder, contractor, or subcontractor to demonstrate the payment of certain employee health care expenses in a certain manner on or before July 1, 2021; altering the definition of "subcontractor" for the purposes of certain provisions of law related to the payment of employee health care expenses by bidders, contractors, and subcontractors to include a person added to a contract with the State after a contract is awarded and to limit the application to subcontractors providing construction services; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Juvenile Services - Facilities - Garrett Children's Center. Description: Including the Garrett Children's Center as a facility the Department of Juvenile Services is authorized to operate for the diagnosis, care, training, education, and rehabilitation of certain children.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Police Retirement System and Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System - Member Contributions. Description: Providing that members of the State Police Retirement System no longer make member contributions after 28 years of service credit is earned; and providing that certain members of the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System no longer make member contributions after 32 years and 6 months of service credit is earned.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Sexual Crimes – Repeal of Spousal Defense(Love Is No Defense to Sexual Crimes). Description: Repealing a certain prohibition on prosecuting a person for rape or a certain sexual offense against a victim who was the person's legal spouse at the time of the alleged rape or sexual offense.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety – Lost or Stolen Regulated Firearm – Reporting. Description: Altering penalties applicable to failing to report a lost or stolen regulated firearm.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property - Regulation of Common Ownership Community Managers. Description: Creating the State Board of Common Ownership Community Managers in the Maryland Department of Labor; providing for the composition of the Board, the appointment, terms, and expenses of Board members, and the powers, duties, and functions of the Board; requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to allocate not more than $100,000 for the establishment of the Board in fiscal year 2021; providing that the Act does not prohibit certain persons from providing services under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County Board of Education - Student Member - Voting. Description: Authorizing the student member of the Baltimore County Board of Education to vote on matters relating to capital and operating budgets.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Controlled Dangerous Substances - Schedules. Description: Altering the lists of substances designated as controlled dangerous substances under certain schedules under the Maryland Controlled Dangerous Substances Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Edward T. and Mary A. Conroy Memorial, Jean B. Cryor Memorial, and Veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq Conflicts Scholarships – Alterations. Description: Altering the eligibility requirements for the Edward T. and Mary A. Conroy Memorial Scholarship Program and the Jean B. Cryor Memorial Scholarship Program by removing the residency requirement for certain categories of individuals; altering the requirement of filing for federal and State financial aid for the Veterans of the Afghanistan and Iraq Conflict Scholarship; prohibiting certain scholarships from being awarded after a certain date; authorizing certain scholarships to be renewed after a certain date; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education - Nonresident Tuition - Exemption for Spouses and Dependents of Honorably Discharged Veterans. Description: Exempting a spouse or financially dependent child of an honorably discharged veteran of the United States armed forces from paying nonresident tuition at a public institution of higher education in the State, subject to documentation that the veteran was discharged honorably at any time; repealing a requirement that certain public institutions of higher education comply with federal law relating to nonresident tuition for veterans and veterans' dependents; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County Board of Education - Student Member - Scholarship. Description: Increasing to $7,500 the amount of the scholarship granted a certain student member of the Baltimore County Board of Education.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County Board of Education - Student Member - Selection. Description: Requiring the student member of the Baltimore County Board of Education to be elected by certain middle school and high school students in accordance with procedures established by the Baltimore County student councils.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County – Motorcycles – Sunday Sales. Description: Authorizing a dealer in Baltimore County to sell, barter, deliver, give away, show, or offer for sale a motorcycle or certificate of title for a motorcycle on Sunday.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance – Provider Panels – Providers of Community–Based Health Services. Description: Prohibiting a carrier from rejecting a provider who provides community-based health services for an accredited program because the provider practices within the scope of the provider's license and is a registered psychology associate; and altering the reason for which a carrier is prohibited from rejecting a certain provider for participation on the carrier's provider panel.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: County Boards of Education - Establishing Regional Career and Technical Education Schools - Authority. Description: Authorizing the county boards of education in Caroline, Dorchester, Kent, Queen Anne's, and Talbot counties to establish a regional Career and Technical Education (CTE) school to provide career and technical education programs to public high school students in the counties; requiring a regional CTE school to operate under the terms of a certain collective bargaining agreement; requiring the Interagency Commission on School Construction to study and develop a certain cost-share formula for certain county boards of education; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Libraries - Library for the Blind and Physically Handicapped and State Library Board - Alterations. Description: Renaming the Maryland Library for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to be the Maryland Library for the Blind and Print Disabled; and altering the appointed membership of the Maryland State Library Board to include a blind patron of the Maryland Library for the Blind and Print Disabled.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Office of the Inspector General for Health. Description: Renaming the Office of the Inspector General in the Maryland Department of Health to be the Maryland Office of the Inspector General for Health and providing that the Office is an independent unit of the State, rather than a unit in the Department; requiring an annual report by December 1 of the Office's activities investigating fraud and waste of certain funds, referrals to the Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, recoveries of mistaken claims paid in error, recoveries of the cost of benefits mistakenly paid, and regulatory changes; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - School Construction - Pedestrian Safety Plans. Description: Requiring certain county boards of education seeking State funds for the construction of a new school, or the renovation of or an addition to an existing school that would increase the capacity by more than 100 students, to submit a pedestrian safety plan to the Interagency Commission on School Construction under certain circumstances; requiring the Commission to review the plans in consultation with the State Highway Administration; providing for the contents of the plan to ensure safe routes for students to walk or bike to school; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of State Police - Alternative Workdays. Description: Altering a certain authorization for certain Department of State Police police employees to work an alternative workday or a 40-hour civilian employee to work an alternative workday of not more than 12 hours instead of an 8-hour workday.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public and Nonpublic Schools - Medical Cannabis - Policy for Administration During School Hours and Events (Connor and Raina's Law). Description: Authorizing a parent or legal guardian of a medical cannabis patient under the age of 18 years to designate not more than two additional adults to be a caregiver, in addition to the parent or legal guardian;  specifying that the definition of "caregiver" does not include designated school personnel; authorizing a qualified patient under the age of 18 years to obtain medical cannabis from certain designated school personnel; exempting certain caregivers and school personnel from certain penalties related to the administration of cannabis; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment – Use of Fire–Fighting Foam and PFAS Chemicals. Description: Prohibiting, on or after October 1, 2021, the use of Class B fire-fighting foam that contain intentionally added PFAS chemicals for certain testing or training purposes; providing that the Act does not restrict the manufacture, sale, or distribution of certain Class B fire-fighting foam or the discharge or other use of certain fire-fighting foam in emergency fire-fighting or prevention operations; requiring the use of nonfluorinated foam for fire-fighting training; establishing certain penalties; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport - Security Screening Checkpoint - Charitable Donations. Description: Requiring the Executive Director of the Maryland Aviation Administration to work with House of Ruth Maryland to install secure donation boxes at the entrance to each security screening checkpoint at the Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport; and requiring that money deposited in the donation boxes be used only to support House of Ruth Maryland.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: County Tax Fairness Act. Description: Altering the manner by which the Comptroller withholds from certain income tax distributions certain amounts that a local government owes to the Local Reserve Account for its share of certain income tax refunds and interest that are paid from the Account related to a certain decision of the U.S. Supreme Court.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Prosecution for Election Law Violations - Limitation. Description: Extending the period of time after an offense was committed, from 3 to 4 years, during which a prosecution is required to be instituted for certain violations of State election law.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners of Nursing Home Administrators – Board Membership. Description: Repealing the requirement that the Secretary of Health make certain recommendations for the appointment of certain members of the State Board of Examiners of Nursing Home Administrators after consulting with certain associations and societies; and requiring the Secretary to recommend to the Governor professionals who have certain qualifications for certain appointments to the Board.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System – Death Benefits for Children. Description: Altering certain provisions of law related to the time until which certain survivor benefits for surviving children of certain members of the State Retirement and Pension System are available; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Discovery - In-Custody Witness Testimony. Description: Requiring a State's Attorney to record certain information if a State's Attorney obtains certain testimony from an in-custody witness and to report certain information to the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services; requiring the Office to securely store and maintain certain information; providing that the Office may disclose certain information only to certain persons; requiring a State's Attorney to comply with certain discovery requirements; applying the Act prospectively; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Application Subject to Creditor Claim. Description: Limiting the types of creditor claims for which the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County is required to adhere to certain guidelines before approving certain related license applications; and authorizing the Board to approve an application for the transfer or issuance of a license that is subject to a certain claim by a creditor if there is an amicable resolution of the claim or if there is a judicial determination on the claim.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Historic Revitalization Tax Credit – Certified Historic Structure and Single–Family, Owner–Occupied Residence – Definitions. Description: Altering the definitions of "certified historic structure" and "single-family, owner-occupied residence" to include a structure that is located on property that is owned by the Department of Natural Resources or one of its units and occupied by a person under an agreement with the Department by which the person pays for rehabilitation of the structure as a condition of occupancy; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Barbershop and Beauty Salon License. Description: Establishing a barbershop and beauty salon beer and wine license in Anne Arundel County; specifying the individuals who are qualified to hold the license include the holder of a barbershop permit or a beauty salon permit; authorizing the holder of a license to serve not more than 5 ounces of beer or wine to a customer for on-premises consumption; specifying the hours during which a license holder is authorized to serve beer and wine; stating that a license holder need not obtain a certain Sunday license; specifying a fee of $100; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Registration - Special Plates for Veterans - Fees. Description: Requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to charge a certain additional fee on the issuance of special registration plates for recipients of an individually earned, combat-related armed forces medal that results in a surplus of at least $10 for each issuance of new registration plates; requiring that the additional fee be credited to the Maryland Veterans Trust Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Emergency Management Agency - Definitions and Authority. Description: Altering the authority and responsibilities of the Maryland Emergency Management Agency (MEMA); altering a certain explanation of purpose for certain provisions of law; stating the policy of the State with regard to certain emergency management activities and operations; requiring MEMA to prepare for certain emergency management activities and operations; providing for the circumstances under which MEMA may assume authority for responding to an emergency; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Finance and Procurement – Procedures and Pricing and Selection Committee for Preferred Providers. Description: Renaming the Pricing and Selection Committee for Blind Industries and Services of Maryland and the Employment Works Program to be the Pricing and Selection Committee for Preferred Providers; requiring the Pricing and Selection Committee to determine the prevailing average market price of certain supplies and services available from Maryland Correctional Enterprises; requiring the Pricing and Selection Committee to review and verify the prevailing average market prices of certain supplies and services; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Emergency Management - Governor Declarations. Description: Requiring the Governor to designate a certain emergency area under certain circumstances during a certain state of emergency; prohibiting a state of emergency to continue for longer than 30 days under certain circumstances; requiring certain executive orders or proclamations to include the effective date; establishing that an executive order or proclamation that declares a state of emergency is authority for the activation of State compacts, laws, programs, policies, or regulations that require the declared state of emergency; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class MT (Movie Theater) License. Description: Establishing a Class MT (movie theater) beer, wine, and liquor license in Anne Arundel County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to issue the license to the owner of a movie theater; authorizing a license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor to certain patrons at retail at the place described in the license for on-premises consumption; specifying the license holder is subject to certain alcohol awareness requirements; providing an annual fee of $1,200; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program and Health Insurance – Specialty Drugs – Definition. Description: Prohibiting the Secretary of Health from considering certain drugs to be specialty drugs for the purposes of providing services under the Maryland Medical Assistance Program; altering the definition of "specialty drug" for the purpose of excluding prescription drugs prescribed to treat certain conditions from the authority of certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to require certain drugs be obtained through a certain pharmacy and to provide coverage through a managed care system; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacists – Administration of Self–Administered Medications and Maintenance Injectable Medications(The Christopher King Access to Treatment Act). Description: Authorizing a pharmacist who meets certain requirements to administer a maintenance injectable medication to a patient under certain circumstances; requiring the State Board of Pharmacy, by September 1, 2021, and in consultation with the State Board of Physicians and the State Board of Nursing, to adopt regulations establishing standard procedures for approving classes of maintenance injectable medications and requiring pharmacists to complete a certain training program in order to administer a maintenance injectable medication; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Notaries Public - Notary Public Fund and Remote Notarial Acts. Description: Establishing the Notary Public Fund as a special, nonlapsing fund; specifying the purpose of the Fund is to provide funding to support the Secretary of State in the implementation, regulation, and enforcement of certain actions; requiring the Secretary of State to administer the Fund; requiring the State Treasurer to hold the Fund and the Comptroller to account for the Fund; specifying the contents of the Fund; specifying the purpose of the Fund; requiring the Secretary of State to distribute certain fees to the Fund: etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of General Services - Energy Consumption Goals and Energy Performance Contracts. Description: Repealing a requirement that the Department of General Services cooperate with the Maryland Energy Administration when projecting certain costs and performing a certain analysis during a certain phase of the renovation or construction of certain State buildings; repealing a requirement that the Department cooperate with the Administration in setting standards for certain energy performance indices; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prescription Drug Monitoring Program - Out-of-State Pharmacists and Discipline for Noncompliance. Description: Altering the definition of the term "pharmacist" in provisions of law regarding the Prescription Drug Monitoring Program to include pharmacists licensed in other states to dispense monitored prescription drugs; and altering the grounds for which a certain health occupations board and certain disciplinary panels are authorized to take disciplinary action against certain licensees and applicants for failing to comply with the requirements of the Program.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Support - Annual Collection Fee. Description: Conforming the maximum amount of a certain annual fee for the collection of child support by the Child Support Administration to the amount authorized under a certain federal law.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Corporations and Real Estate Investment Trusts - Miscellaneous. Description: Providing an October 1, 2020, effective date of certain articles of incorporation filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation for record; authorizing the articles to contain a delayed effective date, not later than 30 days after the Department accepts the articles for record; authorizing indemnification of a board of directors by a certain vote of certain directors or by a certain vote of a committee of the board; providing that certain stockholders' rights of inspection do not apply to certain corporations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health and Human Services Referral System - Modifications. Description: Repealing the limit on the number of call centers that may be approved by 2-1-1 Maryland to provide certain services; repealing certain provisions of law establishing and governing the Health and Human Services Referral Board in the Maryland Department of Health; requiring the Department to conduct a cost analysis that includes a determination regarding the amount of funding needed to support certain 2-1-1 services and to report the findings to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law - Investigation of Suspected Child Abuse and Neglect - Preliminary Report to State's Attorney. Description: Repealing a requirement that a local department of social services or law enforcement agency provide a local State's Attorney with a report of the preliminary findings of an investigation of suspected child abuse within 10 days after receiving notice of suspected child abuse.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Savings Accounts – Establishment and Application of Trust Law. Description: Authorizing the establishment of a certain health savings account; providing that certain provisions of law do not apply to certain health savings accounts; providing that a health savings account is established on the first day that an individual becomes covered under a high deductible health plan; requiring a health savings account to be opened with a trustee or custodian within a certain time period; and clarifying that a health savings account is established regardless of certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Children in Need of Assistance - Qualified Residential Treatment Program - Definition. Description: Altering the definition of a "qualified residential treatment program" for purposes of certain provisions of law relating to the placement of children in need of assistance to require that a program, rather than discharge planning, must meet certain license and accreditation requirements.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Recording Costs - Exemption. Description: Adding units of State government to the list of entities that are exempt from paying certain recording costs and other fees.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Allegany County - Transfer of Property on Assessment Books. Description: Prohibiting the transfer of property in Allegany County on the assessment books or records until certain charges due a municipal corporation have been paid as required by law, subject to certain exceptions; and requiring the certificate of a certain collecting agent and municipal corporation to be endorsed on the deed and providing that the endorsement is sufficient authority for transfer on the assessment books.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County – Workers’ Compensation – Permanent Partial Disability – Detention and Correctional Officers and Deputy Sheriffs. Description: Providing for enhanced workers' compensation benefits for a Harford County deputy sheriff, a Harford County correctional officer, and a Harford County detention officer for a compensable permanent partial disability of less than 75 weeks; and providing that the Act applies only prospectively.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture - Cost-Sharing Program - Fixed Natural Filter Practices. Description: Prohibiting the use of certain cost-sharing funds to fund a conservation practice that does not meet certain requirements; authorizing certain cost-sharing funds to be made available for certain fixed natural filter practices; prohibiting basing a reduction in certain cost-sharing rates on tons of soil saved or an amortization formula; requiring that certain cost-sharing for the planting of multiple species of cover crops equal or exceed the rates paid for the planting of a single species of cover crop; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Nurse Practitioners - Certifications of Competency and Incapacity. Description: Altering a requirement that a petition for guardianship of a disabled person include signed and verified certificates of competency by providing that the certificates may be signed and verified by a nurse practitioner and certain other health care practitioners; altering the requirements for the certification of a patient's incapacity to make an informed decision regarding treatment or of a patient's terminal or end-stage condition to allow the second individual making the certification to be a nurse practitioner; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Paternity Proceedings – Court Orders – Legal Name Change of Child. Description: Authorizing the court to include a provision regarding the legal name change of the child in an order issued in a paternity proceeding.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Office of the Attorney General - Special Education Ombudsman. Description: Establishing the Special Education Ombudsman in the Office of the Attorney General to serve as a resource for information and support to parents, students, and educators regarding special education rights and services; requiring the Ombudsman to submit a certain report concerning the State's special education services by July 1, 2022, and each July 1 thereafter; requiring certain school personnel to provide the parents of a child with a disability written information about the Ombudsman and the toll-free telephone number; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Commission on Civil Rights - Employment Discrimination - Reporting. Description: Requiring the Maryland Commission on Civil Rights to include certain information in its annual report; requiring certain county offices of civil rights to report certain information relating to complaints of employment discrimination to the Commission; making the reporting requirement applicable only in Anne Arundel County, Baltimore City, Baltimore County, Howard County, Montgomery County, and Prince George's County; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commission on LGBTQ Affairs - Established. Description: Establishing the Commission on LGBTQ Affairs in the Governor's Office of Community Initiatives; providing for the appointment, qualifications, terms, and removal of Commission members; requiring the Commission to elect annually a chair and vice chair and to meet under certain circumstances; authorizing the Commission to appoint a director under certain circumstances; establishing that the director is a special appointment; establishing the duties of the director and the Commission; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center - Inclusion of Out-of-Home Placement Data. Description: Including placement data from State-sponsored out-of-home care organizations in the data collected, organized, managed, disaggregated, and analyzed by the Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center; altering the purpose of the Center to include generating information about children who were provided with State-sponsored out-of-home care that can be used to improve the State's education and child welfare systems; requiring the Center to publish on its website an easy-to-understand data dashboard with certain information; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Leave With Pay - Bereavement Leave (Family Bereavement Act). Description: Authorizing employees of certain employers to use certain leave with pay for bereavement leave in the event of the death of an immediate family member.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Gift Basket Permit. Description: Establishing, in Anne Arundel County, a gift basket permit; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to issue the permit to persons whose primary business is the sale of gift baskets; prohibiting the Board from issuing the permit for use on the premises of a chain store, supermarket, or discount house; limiting the total annual sales from alcoholic beverages to 10% of the annual gross sales of the permit holder; establishing a $100 fee for the gift basket permit; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Department of Education - Early Literacy and Dyslexia Practices - Guidance and Assistance. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education to establish, by October 1, 2020, a stakeholder advisory group to develop a reading and dyslexia handbook to guide local school systems in the implementation of best practices for early literacy and dyslexia; requiring a completed handbook be made available to the public by June 1, 2021; requiring the development of tools and materials to address certain needs; requiring the Department to update the handbook every 3 years; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Injury or Death of Vulnerable Individual - Penalties. Description: Prohibiting an individual from causing the serious physical injury or death of a vulnerable individual as a result of the individual operating a vehicle in a careless or distracted manner or in violation of any provision of the Maryland Vehicle Law; defining "vulnerable individual" as a pedestrian, including certain workers and emergency  services personnel, an individual walking an animal, or an individual lawfully operating certain modes of transport; establishing certain financial penalties and including community service; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Occupational Safety and Health - Heat Stress Standards. Description: Requiring the Commissioner of Labor and Industry, in consultation with the Maryland Occupational Safety and Health Advisory Board to develop and adopt regulations, on or before October 1, 2022, that require employers to protect employees from heat-related illness caused by heat stress; requiring Maryland Occupational Safety and Health to hold certain informational meetings before beginning a certain process; requiring the Commissioner to consider certain standards in developing regulations; requiring the Commissioner to make a certain report; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Employment Discrimination – Time for Filing Complaints. Description: Extending from 6 months to 300 days the time periods within which a person claiming to be aggrieved by certain discriminatory acts is required to file a complaint with the Commission on Civil Rights; and providing that a complaint filed with a local human relations commission within certain time periods is deemed to have complied with certain provisions of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on the Canal Place Preservation and Development Authority - Reestablishment. Description: Reestablishing the Task Force on the Canal Place Preservation and Development Authority, which was originally established by Chapter 789 of the Acts of the General Assembly of 2018; providing for the composition, chair, staffing, and purpose of the Task Force; prohibiting a member of the Task Force from receiving certain compensation, but authorizing the reimbursement of certain expenses; requiring the Task Force to consult with certain entities and study and make recommendations on certain matters; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Police Officers - Mental Health - Employee Assistance Programs. Description: Requiring each law enforcement agency to provide access to an employee assistance program or mental health program to address the mental health issues of police officers stemming from personal and work-related concerns and to provide police officers access to confidential mental health services; requiring each law enforcement agency to develop a policy to provide access to the required services at minimal cost to the police officer; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Law Enforcement Body Camera Task Force. Description: Establishing the Law Enforcement Body Camera Task Force; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; requiring the Task Force to study the options for economical storage of audio and video recordings made by body-worn cameras and make recommendations for storage considering the budget limitations of State, county, local, and campus law enforcement jurisdictions; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Landlord and Tenant - Residential Leases - Tenant Rights and Protections (Tenant Protection Act). Description: Requiring a landlord to make a certain disclosure to prospective tenants if the landlord uses a ratio utility billing system; requiring that a certain lease provision is unenforceable if a landlord fails to make a certain disclosure; requiring a landlord to provide a tenant with information to document a bill for certain utilities; providing that a tenant organization has the right of free assembly in certain areas within an apartment facility during reasonable hours and on reasonable notice to the landlord; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Mobile Laundry for the Homeless Pilot Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Mobile Laundry for the Homeless Pilot Program in the Division of Neighborhood Revitalization to provide funds to nonprofit organizations to establish or expand mobile laundry services for the homeless; requiring the Division to award funds through certain grants to establish certain mobile laundry services; requiring the Department of Housing and Community Development to evaluate the effectiveness of the pilot program and make recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 15, 2023; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Transportation - Kim Lamphier Bikeways Network Program. Description: Codifying the Bikeways Network Program; specifying that the Program is to provide grant support for bicycle network development activities; requiring the Department of Transportation to establish application and eligibility criteria for the Program; and renaming the Program to be the Kim Lamphier Bikeways Network Program.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Dental Hygienists - Authority to Prescribe and Administer Medication. Description: Authorizing a dental hygienist who complies with certain provisions of the Act to prescribe certain types of prescription or over-the-counter fluoride preparations, topical antimicrobial oral rinses, and up to a 600 mg dose of ibuprofen every 6 hours for 3 days; prohibiting a dental hygienist from prescribing certain drugs and from administering certain medications; authorizing a dental hygienist who complies with certain provisions of the Act to administer medication under a certain  circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners - License and Registration - Criminal History Records Checks. Description: Reducing, from two to one, the number of sets of fingerprints an applicant for licensure or registration by the State Board of Massage Therapy Examiners is required to submit to the Criminal Justice Information System Central Repository to obtain a criminal history records check; and requiring the Central Repository to provide to the Board a revised printed statement of the individual's criminal history record if criminal history record information is reported to the Central Repository after the initial criminal history records check.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Advisory Board for Juvenile Services - Membership. Description: Expanding the membership of the State Advisory Board for Juvenile Services to include two additional members from the Department of Juvenile Services.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Retirement Agency – Monitoring and Recording of Automated Outgoing Telephone Calls – Authorization. Description: Altering the authority of the Board of Trustees of the State Retirement and Pension System to adopt regulations to manage, for training and quality control purposes, the monitoring and recording of incoming telephone conversations to the Member Services division of the State Retirement Agency and to include outgoing telephone conversations initiated by a certain automated virtual hold callback feature of the automated system.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - High School Graduation Requirements - Students in Foster Care or Homeless Youth. Description: Requiring a county board of education to waive high school graduation requirements established by the county board that are in addition to high school graduation requirements established by the State Board of Education for a student in foster care or who is a homeless youth if while in grade 11 or 12 the youth transfers into the local school system from a different system in the State; prohibiting a county board from waiving certain requirements; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Board of License Commissioners Membership Revisions. Description: Requiring the Governor to appoint five members, instead of three, to the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County; requiring that members be appointed from each legislative district in Anne Arundel County; requiring certain members of the General Assembly jointly to select an individual to be recommended to the Governor for a certain appointment; limiting the number of terms that a member of the Board may serve to 4 consecutive terms; staggering the terms of members of the Board; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Board of License Commissioners Staff and Compensation. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to employ a full-time executive director, a full-time administrator, and two full-time secretaries whose salaries are fixed by the Board within the general county classified salary schedule; and providing that the full-time executive director's salary shall be fixed within pay grade 17, the full-time administrator's salary shall be fixed within pay grade 16, and the two full-time secretaries' salaries shall be fixed within pay grade 13.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Historic Revitalization Tax Credit – Expansion – Rehabilitations of Common Elements of Condominiums and Cooperative Projects. Description: Altering the definition of "small commercial project" under the historic revitalization tax credit program to include rehabilitations of structures that are condominiums and cooperative projects if the rehabilitations target only common elements of the condominiums or cooperative projects; requiring the Director of the Maryland Historical Trust, in consultation with the Smart Growth Subcabinet, to adopt regulations establishing application procedures for governing bodies of condominiums; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland School for the Blind - Board of Directors - Reappointments. Description: Prohibiting, with a certain exception, a member of the Board of Directors of the Maryland School for the Blind who serves three consecutive terms from being reappointed for 1 year after completion of those terms; and authorizing the immediate reappointment of the Chairman of the Board after completion of three consecutive terms.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Somerset County - Property Tax Exemption for Manufacturing Property - Eastern Shore Forest Products, Inc.. Description: Providing that certain limitations on the duration of certain tax exemptions for certain manufacturing property in Somerset County do not apply to an exemption granted to Eastern Shore Forest Products, Inc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Law Enforcement Officers - Prohibition on Sexual Activity. Description: Prohibiting a law enforcement officer from engaging in certain sexual acts, sexual contact, or vaginal intercourse with a victim, witness, or suspect in an investigation during the course of an investigation that the officer is conducting, supervising, or assisting with, or with a certain person requesting assistance from or responding to the law enforcement officer in the course of the officer's official duties; and establishing a certain exception to the prohibition under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Repossession for Failure to Pay Rent - Registration and License Information. Description: Requiring a landlord, at the time of filing a certain complaint in an action for repossession for failure to pay rent in Baltimore City, to be in compliance with certain local license requirements and certain lead-based paint abatement laws; providing that a landlord has the burden of proving, by a certain standard of evidence, that a property is in compliance with certain local license requirements; authorizing a landlord to provide an electronic copy of a license as proof of compliance with certain local license requirements; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Lodging Establishments - Accessible Rooms for Individuals With Disabilities - Bed Height. Description: Requiring each room accessible for individuals with disabilities in a lodging establishment to be furnished with a bed of at least a certain height beginning December 31, 2021; requiring 25% by December 31, 2021, 50% by December 31, 2022, 75% by December 31, 2023, and 100% beginning December 31, 2024 of accessible rooms in a lodging establishment to be furnished with a bed of a certain height; and defining the term "accessible room" as one that is in compliance with certain Americans with Disabilities Act guidelines; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Green Purchasing Committee – Food and Beverage Procurement – Greenhouse Gas Emissions. Description: Requiring the Maryland Green Purchasing Committee in consultation with the Departments of the Environment, Agriculture, General Services, and other stakeholders, to develop, by January 1, 2022, a certain methodology for State agencies to estimate greenhouse gas emissions of food and beverages procured, establish a certain baseline measurement by January 1, 2023, and develop certain strategies and policy recommendations; establishing a goal to reduce certain greenhouse gas emissions by State units by 25% by fiscal year 2030; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Commissioner of Financial Regulation - Nondepository Special Fund. Description: Including in the Nondepository Special Fund certain fees, assessments, or revenue received by the Commissioner of Financial Regulation associated with the Commissioner's authority to investigate complaints of violations by credit card processors; requiring the Commissioner to pay into the General Fund of the State certain fines and penalties collected by the Commissioner from credit card processors; altering the purpose of the Nondepository Special Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Kent County Alcohol Act of 2020. Description: Altering the days and hours of sale under a Class B wine shop and lounge license in Kent County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Kent County to issue a refillable container permit for draft beer to certain license holders; establishing an application process, hours of sale, and fees for the permit; requiring the Board to adopt certain regulations; authorizing the Board to issue a Class C multiple event beer, wine, and liquor license; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - In Vitro Fertilization - Revisions. Description: Altering the circumstances under which certain entities are required to provide coverage for certain expenses arising from in vitro fertilization procedures; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Online Privacy - Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Cybersecurity Council to review certain practices and methods of collection, use, storage, and disclosure of consumers' personally identifiable information and personal information by certain entities; and requiring the Council to submit to the General Assembly by November 1, 2020 a report on its findings and recommendations for providing increased consumer protection regarding online privacy.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Garrett County - Alcoholic Beverages Act of 2020. Description: Altering, in Garrett County, the days the holder of a manufacturer's license may sell or deliver alcoholic beverages; requiring the Board to charge certain issuing fees in a certain manner; authorizing the Board  to issue certain deluxe restaurant licenses to the holders of certain licenses issued by the Board or other certain licenses issued by other local licensing boards; altering the amount of required seating in a restaurant for a Class BDR beer, wine, and liquor license; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County - Overdue Property Tax - Interest Rate. Description: Increasing, from 1% to 1.5%, the rate of interest for overdue property tax in Garrett County; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Alcoholic Beverages - Wineries - Special Event Permits. Description: Establishing a special event permit in Washington County; authorizing a holder of a Class 3 winery license or a Class 4 limited winery license in the county to sell beer, wine produced by the holder, certain sparkling wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption at certain events under the permit; requiring a license holder to purchase certain alcoholic beverages from a licensed retailer; requiring a license holder to keep receipts of purchase of alcoholic beverages for 1 year after the date of purchase; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Housing Opportunities Commission - Procurement MC 5-20. Description: Prohibiting the Housing Opportunities Commission of Montgomery County from awarding a certain contract unless the action is approved in advance by the Commission except under certain circumstances; authorizing the Commission or the Executive Director in an emergency to award a certain contract under certain circumstances; and providing for the application of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Authority of County Council Over Inspector General - Montgomery County Public Schools MC 14-20. Description: Authorizing the County Council of Montgomery County to enact a local law that grants to the Montgomery County Inspector General certain authority over the Montgomery County Board of Education and public schools located in Montgomery County.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Housing Opportunities Commission - Alterations MC 02-20. Description: Requiring the Housing Opportunities Commission of Montgomery County to prepare written minutes of each meeting, stream live video of its open meetings, publish certain information on financial reports and audits on its website before December 15 each year, and develop and operate a searchable website under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Prerelease Unit for Women - Facilities and Services (Gender-Responsive Prerelease Act). Description: Requiring the Commissioner of the Division of Correction to operate a comprehensive rehabilitative prerelease facility for female inmates; requiring that a certain prerelease facility be located in Baltimore City; requiring the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services to complete certain phases of a certain project by certain dates; requiring the Commissioner to provide evidence-based and gender-responsive prerelease services for female inmates; requiring the Department to provide certain updates to certain committees; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Civil Actions - Civil Immunity - Educator Intervention in Student Violence (Good Teacher Protection Act). Description: Providing that a staff member of a school, acting in an official capacity, is not civilly liable for personal injury or property damage resulting from intervention in a student altercation or other student disturbance if the staff member intervened in a reasonably prudent manner and the actions taken do not constitute grossly negligent, willful, wanton, or intentionally tortious conduct.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Public Safety - Buildings Used for Agritourism MC 26-20. Description: Adding Montgomery County to the list of counties that exempt agricultural buildings used for agritourism from the Maryland Building Performance Standards; and exempting a building used for agritourism in Montgomery County from a certain building permit requirement under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation - Washington County - Volunteer Company - Fire and Rescue Academy Student. Description: Providing that a member of a volunteer company in Washington County who is at least 15 years old and is enrolled in the Fire and Rescue Academy Program operated by the Washington County Board of Education is a covered employee for purposes of receiving workers' compensation benefits.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Regulations Affecting Small Businesses - Certification of Comparable Local Regulation. Description: Requiring a certain unit of State government proposing a regulation affecting small businesses to include a certain certification stating whether a certain comparable regulation has been adopted by a unit of local government in a certain economic impact analysis rating and a certain economic impact analysis in a certain manner; and authorizing a certain unit of State government to include a certain statement in a proposed regulation under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Fire Marshal - Sprinkler Systems Enforcement. Description: Requiring the State Fire Marshal to enforce any requirements relating to the installation of automatic sprinkler systems in new one- and two-family dwellings.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class DLR License. Description: Establishing a Class DLR license in Harford County in accordance with certain requirements; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue a Class DLR license to a certain license holder; authorizing the holder of a Class DLR license to sell mixed drinks for on-premises consumption on Monday through Sunday, from 8 a.m. to 2 a.m. the following day; and establishing an annual fee for a Class DLR license of $500.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Incentive Programs for Hiring and Retraining - List. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to develop a list of any federal or State incentive programs available to an employer who hires and trains formerly incarcerated individuals; and requiring the Department to make the list available on the main page of the Department's website.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sewage Treatment Plants - Effluent Discharges - Impacts on Midge Populations. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to monitor effluent discharged from sewage treatment plants and evaluate whether the effluent impacts midge populations in the surrounding land and water areas; and requiring the Department to report to the General Assembly on or before October 1, 2021 and each year thereafter.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Maternal Mortality and Morbidity - Implicit Bias Training and Study. Description: Altering the purposes of the Cultural and Linguistic Health Care Professional Competency Program; requiring the Program to establish and provide an evidence-based implicit bias training program for health care professionals involved in the perinatal care of patients   on or before January 1, 2021; requiring certain health care professionals to complete a certain training on or before January 1, 2022; requiring the Program to offer a certain training to certain health care professionals; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Peer–to–Peer Car Sharing – Sales Tax Sunset Extension and Study. Description: Extending the termination of certain provisions of law making sales and charges related to peer-to-peer car sharing subject to a certain sales and use tax rate; and requiring the Department of Legislative Services to report to the General Assembly by December 31, 2020, certain information that could assist the General Assembly in determining a fair and equitable State taxation on sales and charges made in connection with peer-to-peer car sharing.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Juvenile Law - Informal Adjustment. Description: Authorizing the juvenile court to refer a certain matter to the Department of Juvenile Services for a certain informal adjustment if the time for a certain adjudicatory hearing has been waived and the petition is not the result of an unsuccessful informal adjustment; providing a certain exception to the requirement that the court hold an adjudicatory hearing; and requiring a certain petition to be dismissed if a certain informal adjustment is successfully completed.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: City of Annapolis - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Club Public Event Permit. Description: Establishing a club public event permit in the City of Annapolis; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners to issue the permit to a holder of a Class C license; specifying that the permit authorizes a club to sell certain alcoholic beverages to a certain individual for on-premises consumption during a certain public event; requiring a permit holder to apply to the Board at least 45 days before an event; authorizing the Board to approve up to 12 public events per permit holder in a calendar year; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Alcoholic Beverages - Carillon Development PG 315-20. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Prince George's County to issue up to 10 Class B-DD licenses for restaurants located within the Carillon development.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Coordinator for Autism Strategy and Advisory Stakeholder Group on Autism-Related Needs. Description: Establishing the State Coordinator for Autism Strategy in the Department of Disabilities and the Advisory Stakeholder Group on Autism-Related Needs; requiring the State Coordinator, in consultation with the Advisory Stakeholder Group, to identify and evaluate certain services for individuals with autism and their families, develop a certain strategic plan by July 1, 2021, identify certain performance measures, and monitor and evaluate the implementation of the strategic plan and the State's success in addressing certain needs; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Agricultural Land Transfer Tax - Alterations MC 7-20. Description: Altering the circumstances under which the Montgomery County Council may impose a tax on the transfer of agricultural land; providing that the tax does not apply to a transfer of agricultural land if the land was subject to the tax at the time of a previous transfer; requiring that the revenue derived from the tax on transfers of agricultural land be used for agricultural land preservation; and requiring that the tax on the transfer of agricultural land be reduced by 65% under  certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law – Party and Elected Public Offices – Prohibitions. Description: Providing that certain provisions of law do not apply to certain individuals; prohibiting individuals from simultaneously being a candidate for a party office and an elected public office; and prohibiting individuals from simultaneously holding a party office and an elected public office.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Longitudinal Data System - Transfer of Student Data - Modifications. Description: Repealing certain provisions of law on the collection of identifying information on certificates and licenses; requiring certain licensing authorities to make certain efforts to comply with certain data requirements and a certain implementation schedule of the Maryland Longitudinal Data System, and to transfer student data in accordance with the data security and safeguarding plan; requiring certain industry certifiers to comply with certain data requirements and a certain implementation schedule set forth by the Governing Board; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Partnership for Workforce Quality Program - Alterations. Description: Expanding the purpose of the Partnership for Workforce Quality Program and the eligible uses of grants under the Program to include training for new employees; providing that at least 60% of the money available is reserved for employers with 150 or fewer employees in the State, and up to 20% of the available money is for employers with more than 150 but less than 500 employees; establishing that a maximum of $200,000 of the money available may be provided to  an employer with 500 employees based in the State under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance – Prostate Cancer Screening Services – Prohibiting Cost–Sharing. Description: Prohibiting certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations from applying a deductible, a copayment, or coinsurance to coverage for certain preventive care screening services for prostate cancer; and applying the Act to all policies, contracts, and health benefit plans issued, delivered, or renewed in the State on or after January 1, 2021; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Local Government - Clean Energy Loan Programs - Grid Resilience Projects. Description: Altering the purpose of a certain clean energy loan program established by a county or municipality to include loans to certain residential and commercial property owners to finance certain grid resilience projects; and requiring a certain ordinance or resolution that establishes a certain clean energy loan program to include certain eligibility requirements for certain grid resilience projects.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Certification of Police Officers. Description: Providing that employment by a business licensed as a certain cannabis dispensary, grower, or processor does not constitute involvement in the illegal distribution, production, cultivation, transportation, or sale of a controlled dangerous substance for police officer certification or recertification under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Documentary Evidence - Protective Order. Description: Authorizing a defendant in a malpractice claim against a licensed professional to move for a protective order to limit the disclosure of certain documentary evidence to protect the defendant from annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, or undue burden or expense; requiring a court, on a certain motion by the defendant, to review the claimant's request for documentary evidence and authorizing the court to issue a certain protective order for good cause shown; providing for the prospective application of the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Alcoholic Beverages - Town of Kensington MC 15-20. Description: Authorizing, in the Town of Kensington in Montgomery County, the Board of License Commissioners for Montgomery County to provide for a beer and wine tasting (BWT) license; repealing a limitation on the number of beer and wine tasting licenses in Kensington that the Board may issue; authorizing the issuance of not more than four Class 9 limited distillery licenses for use in the town; authorizing the Board to alter the number of Class A-K license holders under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Historic Revitalization Tax Credit – Transferability (Historic Revitalization Tax Credit Improvement Act of 2020). Description: Making a certain tax credit for commercial rehabilitations under the historic revitalization tax credit program transferable and refundable under certain circumstances; requiring the Director of the Maryland Historic Trust, in consultation with the Smart Growth Subcabinet, to adopt certain regulations; and applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources – Organized Killing Contests – Restrictions. Description: Prohibiting a person from sponsoring, conducting, or participating in organized contests that have the objective of killing certain wildlife for prizes or monetary awards; providing the Act may not be construed to prohibit a landowner, an agent, or a lessee from hunting certain mammals on property of the landowner under certain circumstances; and establishing certain penalties.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Hotel Lobby License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue a hotel lobby license; authorizing a license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption in accordance with certain requirements; establishing the license holder may sell beer, wine, and liquor on Monday through Saturday from noon to 10 p.m. and on Sunday from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m.; prohibiting a license holder from selling beer, wine, and liquor through a vending machine; establishing an annual license fee of $1,250; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County – Alcoholic Beverages – Class BNR License – Newly Opened Restaurant. Description: Requiring food sales to exceed 40% of the average daily receipts from the sale of beer, wine, and liquor for a Class BNR license in Harford County.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natalie M. LaPrade Medical Cannabis Commission – Compassionate Use Fund – Revisions (The Fakiza Rahman Act). Description: Requiring the Natalie M. LaPrade Medical Cannabis Commission, not the Maryland Department of Health, to administer the Compassionate Use Fund; prohibiting the Commission from imposing certain fees during the two years immediately following the issuance of a license; requiring the Commission to establish a program to allow individuals enrolled in the Maryland Medical Assistance Program or the Veteran Affairs Maryland Health Care System to obtain medical cannabis at a reduced cost; requiring the Commission to set a certain fee structure; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Healthy Working Families Act - Family Member - Definition. Description: Altering the definition of "family member" for purposes of the Maryland Healthy Working Families Act to include a legal ward of an employee, a legal ward of an employee's spouse, or a legal guardian of an employee's spouse.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Abandoned Property - Notice and Records. Description: Requiring the holder of presumed abandoned property valued at $1,000 or more to send certain written notice to the apparent owner by registered mail requiring a signature, rather than by first-class mail; requiring the holder of abandoned property valued at $1,000 or more to keep records relating to that property for at least 3 years; requiring that certain records be sufficient to allow a person who is able to recover the abandoned property to establish a tax basis; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Exemption - Maryland Farm Bureau, Inc.. Description: Exempting from the property tax property that is owned by the Maryland Farm Bureau, Inc., and used exclusively for education of the public, encouraging agriculture in the State, assisting in the dissemination of information relating to agriculture, or the maintenance of a natural or recreational area for public use; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after June 30, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Paint Stewardship Program. Description: Requiring certain producers or a representative organization to submit a plan for the establishment of a Paint Stewardship Program to the Department of the Environment on or before January 1, 2021, and in accordance with certain requirements; requiring the Department to review and approve certain plans, including a certain assessment, submitted in accordance with the Paint Stewardship Program; prohibiting the sale of certain architectural paint under certain circumstances on a certain date; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Foreign Corporations - Resident Agents - State Department of Assessments and Taxation. Description: Authorizing a foreign corporation to certify that the State Department of Assessments and Taxation is the corporation's resident agent when registering or qualifying with the Department; authorizing the Department to act as a resident agent for a foreign corporation that does business in the State without a resident agent or with a resident agent who cannot be found or served with the exercise of reasonable diligence; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Adult Public Guardianship Review Board - Membership. Description: Altering the membership of the Adult Public Guardianship Review Board of Washington County to require one member to be a psychiatrist or psychologist.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment - Statewide Green Business Certification Program - Establishment. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to establish and administer a statewide green business certification program; requiring the green business certification program to recognize businesses operating in a way that reduces their environmental footprint and to provide consumers with information how to identify those businesses; requiring the Department to update and enhance the statewide green business certification program in consultation with the Montgomery County Green Business Certification Program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Black Bear Damage Reimbursement Fund - Pets. Description: Adding pets to the list of items damaged for which a person may be reimbursed from the Black Bear Damage Reimbursement Fund.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcohol and Tobacco Commission - Clarifications. Description: Clarifying the authority, powers, and duties of officers and employees of the Field Enforcement Division in the Office of the Executive Director of the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission over certain matters; substituting references to the Division and the Commission, respectively, for references to the Comptroller in certain provisions relating to alcohol and tobacco; requiring the Commission and the Comptroller to cooperate in sharing of certain information and personnel in certain inspections and other activities; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - License Applications - Durational Residency Requirements. Description: Repealing certain requirements that a person be a resident for a certain period of time, a taxpayer, or a registered voter to be issued certain statewide alcoholic beverages licenses and permits; requiring that a person, to be issued a certain statewide license or permit, remain a resident for the duration of time that the license or permit is in effect; repealing from certain local alcoholic beverages licenses certain durational residency requirements; making conforming changes; declaring the intent of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Trust Act - Liability of Trustee - Report and Release by Interested Party. Description: Authorizing a trustee to send certain interested parties in a certain manner a certain report when the trust terminates or on the resignation or removal of the trustee in accordance with the terms of the trust or certain provisions of law; and providing that, if an interested party does not submit an objection to the report within 120 days after the trustee mailed the report, the interested party shall be deemed to have released the trustee and to have consented to and ratified the actions of the trustee; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Board of Education - Compensation. Description: Increasing the amount of annual compensation of the president of the Frederick County Board of Education, from $11,000 to $15,000, and of the other voting members, from $10,000 to $14,000, beginning with the commencement on December 6, 2022, of the term of office of members of the county board elected in the general election of 2022.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Fishery Management Plans - Oysters. Description: Altering the date from June 1, 2019, to April 1, 2020, by which the Department of Natural Resources is required to convene in a certain manner the Oyster Advisory Commission; altering the version of the fishery management plan for oysters that the Department is required to develop before taking certain management action governing oyster sanctuaries; requiring the Department to include certain information in the interim report to be submitted by August 1, 2021, to the Governor and the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Facilities - Hospitals - Disclosure of Outpatient Facility Fees (Facility Fee Right-to-Know Act). Description: Requiring certain hospitals to provide each patient with a certain written notice related to outpatient facility fees that are charged for services provided at the hospital that is in a certain form; requiring that certain notices be provided to certain patients in certain manners and at certain times; requiring certain hospitals to determine a certain range of fees and fee estimates; requiring each hospital that charges an outpatient facility fee to use a certain range of fees and fee estimates; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Hate Crimes - Basis (2nd Lieutenant Richard Collins, III's Law). Description: Altering the basis on which a person is prohibited from taking certain actions against a certain person or group, to include certain actions motivated either in whole or in part by another person's or group's race, color, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, gender, disability, or national origin, or because another person or group is homeless.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Office of the Public Defender - Definition of Serious Offense. Description: Altering a certain definition of "serious offense" to remove a certain limitation on offenses that are included for purposes relating to representation by the Office of the Public Defender.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Capital Funding - Deferred Maintenance - Reporting Requirements. Description: Requiring certain entities that receive at least $2,000,000 of State capital funding in a prior fiscal year to submit, on or before October 1 each year, a report on deferred maintenance; requiring the report to include certain information and be submitted to the Senate Budget and Taxation Committee and the House Appropriations Committee; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class MT (Movie Theater) License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to grant up to five Class MT (movie theater) licenses to the same person; and increasing the fee for a Class MT license from $500 to $1,000.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages – Distance Restrictions, Extension Fee, and Class D License. Description: Altering certain geographic boundaries for a certain limitation to the issuance of a Class B-D-7 license in certain areas; prohibiting the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City from charging a fee for a temporary license permit extension under certain circumstances; requiring the Board to enforce certain provisions of law; authorizing the Board to waive certain distance restrictions for an application for the transfer of a license into a certain area under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission - Electricity and Gas Suppliers - Training and Educational Program. Description: Requiring the Public Service Commission to develop a training and educational program for certain licensed energy suppliers; requiring the Commission to develop the program in consultation with certain interested stakeholders, including electricity suppliers and gas suppliers;; requiring designated representatives to demonstrate a thorough understanding of certain Commission regulations; requiring the Commission to conduct an examination at the conclusion of training and provide certification on a satisfactory score; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Real Estate Commission - Property Managers - Registration. Description: Requiring a person who provides property management services to be registered as a property manager by the State Real Estate Commission before practicing in the State; prohibiting the providing of, attempting to provide, or offering to provide property management services unless registered with the Commission as a property manager; subjecting violators of this prohibition to a civil fine of not more than $1,000; requiring certain property managers to be covered by a certain surety bond; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - 9-1-1 Emergency Telephone System. Description: Altering references to the terms "9-1-1 fee" and "additional charge", respectively, to be "State 9-1-1 fee" and "county 9-1-1 fee", respectively, and altering the definition of "public safety answering point" for purposes of provisions of law concerning the 9-1-1 emergency telephone system; renaming the Emergency Number Systems Board to be the Maryland 9-1-1 Board; requiring a certain report by the Department of General Services by June 30, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Facilities - Freestanding Ambulatory Care Facilities - Administration of Anesthesia. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Health to establish through regulations a provision requiring an ambulatory surgical facility to ensure that a an anesthesia practitioner is not precluded from providing the highest level of anesthesia support that may be required to safely treat patients undergoing procedures in a freestanding ambulatory surgical facility performed in a nonsterile procedure room or a sterile operating room.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Occupations – Advanced Practice Registered Nurses – Delegation of Tasks. Description: Providing that an advanced practice registered nurse is not precluded from delegating a nursing or other technical task to an assistant under certain circumstances; and requiring the State Board of Nursing to adopt regulations to provide the manner in which an advanced practice registered nurse delegates a certain task, establish limitations on the authority of an advanced practice registered nurse, and provide other clarifications.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Home Energy Assistance - Critical Medical Needs Program - Power to the People Pilot Program. Description: Requiring the Office of Home Energy Programs, in coordination with the United Way of Central Maryland and the Fuel Fund of Maryland, to establish the Power to the People Pilot Program on or before July 1, 2021, to expand access to the Critical Medical Needs Program; requiring the Pilot Program to provide training for certain individuals to serve as navigators under the Critical Medical Needs Program; requiring the United Way of Central Maryland to develop a certain screening intake process; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sheriff of Harford County - Salary. Description: Altering the annual salary of the Sheriff of Harford County to be equal to the salary of the Department of State Police lieutenant colonel, at the highest available step for a lieutenant colonel under the Department of State Police pay plan in effect on the day prior to the day that the Sheriff begins a term of office.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Dental Examiners - Practice of Dentistry - Revisions. Description: Requiring a dental practice to be owned by a licensed dentist or a dental professional corporation; establishing that only a certain individual licensed by the State Board of Dental Examiners may take certain actions; prohibiting any person who is not a licensed dentist to direct, control, or interfere with the independent professional judgement of a dentist or dental hygienist regarding the care of a certain patient; prohibiting a licensed dentist from sharing revenues or splitting fees except under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Reemployment Earnings Offset - Clarification. Description: Clarifying certain provisions of law pertaining to a certain reemployment earnings offset of a retirement allowance for certain retirees of the State Retirement and Pension System that are reemployed in certain positions.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Support - Guidelines. Description: Authorizing a court, in determining whether the application of the child support guidelines would be unjust or inappropriate in a particular case to consider whether an obligor's monthly obligation would leave the obligor with a monthly actual income below 110% of the 2019 federal poverty level for an individual; authorizing the court to decline to establish a child support order under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Violations of the Maryland Dentistry Act - Penalties and Cease and Desist Orders. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Dental Examiners to issue a cease and desist order for certain violations; increasing certain penalties for certain acts related to the unauthorized practice of dentistry or dental hygiene; altering from a misdemeanor to a felony certain penalties for violating certain provisions of law related to dental laboratory work or advertising a dental appliance; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Pension Benefits - Calculation. Description: Providing that, under certain retirement and pension systems, a member's normal service retirement allowance shall equal the member's annuity under certain circumstances; providing that, under certain pension systems, a former member's vested allowance shall equal the former member's annuity under certain circumstances; and providing for the retroactive application of the Act to certain individuals.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Disclosure of Contributions by Persons Doing Public Business - Enforcement. Description: Altering the manner in which the State Board of Elections is authorized to impose fees for the late filing of certain statements of contributions by persons doing public business; requiring certain persons who violate certain provisions of law requiring disclosure of contributions by persons doing public business to pay a civil penalty in accordance with certain provisions of the Act; prohibiting a certain penalty from exceeding $25,000 or imprisonment of up to 1 year or both; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages – Class B and Class C Beer, Wine, and Liquor Licenses. Description: Authorizing a Class B beer, wine, and liquor license holder in the 45th legislative district to exchange the license for a Class B-D-7 beer, wine, and liquor license if the licensed premises is in a certain area and an applicant executes a memorandum of understanding with the Mount Vernon-Belvedere Improvement Association; providing that a certain license holder is authorized to provide outdoor table service; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Snare Traps – Prohibition Against Sale or Possession – Alterations. Description: Repealing a prohibition against possessing a snare trap in certain counties; and repealing a prohibition against using, selling, possessing, setting, placing, or maintaining a snare trap in Cecil County.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Consumer Protections. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to enforce certain provisions of law under certain applicable powers; requiring the Commissioner to adopt certain regulations under certain circumstances that are consistent with certain federal regulations, rules, and guidance; prohibiting certain carriers from excluding or limiting certain benefits or denying certain coverage because a certain health condition was present on a certain date; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Gaming - Home Games - Bingo. Description: Adding bingo in Harford County to the list of home games that an individual may conduct in a common area of a residential property if the property is restricted to residents who are at least 55 years old.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Developmental Disabilities Administration - Program Changes and Required Reports. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to ensure that providers of and individuals who receive certain services are not negatively impacted when using a certain software system or function; requiring that an individual receiving certain services who receives a certain notice have 30 days to appeal a certain eligibility determination; requiring certain services to continue uninterrupted under certain circumstances until the outcome of a certain appeal is complete; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Assisted Living Program License. Description: Establishing an assisted living program beer, wine, and liquor license in Harford County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the license to a manager of an assisted living program, but no more than five ALP licenses to a person; authorizing the license holder to provide beer and wine for on-premises consumption by a resident or guest; authorizing the license holder to store liquor, prepare mixed drinks, and serve liquor or mixed drinks; specifying a license fee of $5,000; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - On-Sale License Record Keeping and Enforcement. Description: Requiring a holder of a license with an on-sale privilege in Harford County to keep certain records at the location designated in the license or another location in the county; requiring a certain license holder, on 5 days' notice, to make certain records available for inspection by the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County or a designee of the Board; requiring the Board to impose a certain fine under certain circumstances; and authorizing the Board to suspend a certain license under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - College of Southern Maryland - Budget. Description: Altering the information shown in the budget of the College of Southern Maryland; and requiring certain county commissioners to review and approve a budget request made by the College of Southern Maryland.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class GCR (Golf Course Restaurant) Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue a Class GCR (golf course restaurant) beer, wine, and liquor license in accordance with certain requirements; providing for the days and hours of sale for the license; and establishing an annual license fee of $3,500.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class C-3 License. Description: Altering, in Harford County, the membership qualifications for a social organization that may be issued a certain 6-day or 7-day Class C-3 beer, wine, and liquor license by the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to include first responders.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Civil Actions - Child Sexual Abuse - Definition and Statute of Limitations (Hidden Predator Act of 2020). Description: Altering the definition of "sexual abuse"; altering the statute of limitations in certain civil actions relating to child sexual abuse by providing that a certain action may be filed at any time; providing for the retroactive application of the Act to revive any action that was barred by the application of the period of limitations applicable before October 1, 2020, if the action is filed before October 1, 2022; and repealing a statute of repose for certain civil actions relating to child sexual abuse.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Insurance Administration - Pharmacy Services Administrative Organizations - Regulation. Description: Requiring, on or after July 1, 2021, pharmacy services administrative organizations to register with the Maryland Insurance Commissioner before providing certain services in the State; requiring certain applicants to file an application on a certain form and pay a certain fee; providing for the expiration and renewal of certain registration; prohibiting certain pharmacy services administrative organizations from entering into certain contracts; providing that a certain notice from the Commissioner constitutes a certain waiver; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services – Inmate Cost–of–Living Report – Maryland Correctional Enterprises Diversity Report. Description: Requiring the Commissioner of Correction to include in a certain report certain statistics related to the cost of living of inmates at certain facilities; and requiring the Division of Correction to include in a certain report regarding Maryland Correctional Enterprises certain statistics regarding the race, age, and sex of certain inmates, disaggregated by job classification and wage scale.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Energy Storage Tax Credit - Alterations. Description: Defining "taxpayer" as the owner of residential or commercial property who purchases and installs an energy storage system or an individual who owns or pays for the installation of an energy storage system that supplies energy for use on a residential or commercial property; providing a credit against the State income tax for the costs of installing an energy storage system; increasing from $75,000 to $150,000 the maximum tax credit certificate that may be issued for the installation of an energy storage system on certain property; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Limited Liability Companies and Partnerships - Series - Conversion. Description: Providing that, under certain circumstances, the personal representative or guardian of the last remaining member of a limited liability company shall automatically be admitted as a new member, unless a certain action is taken; authorizing certain persons to wind up the affairs of a limited liability company in certain circumstances; authorizing a court to wind up the affairs of a limited liability company on the application of certain persons under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Compensation to Individual Erroneously Convicted, Sentenced, and Confined or Whose Conviction or Adjudication Is Reversed (The Walter Lomax Act). Description: Authorizing the State's Attorney to certify that a conviction was in error under certain circumstances; altering a provision of law to require, rather than authorize, the Board of Public Works to pay certain compensation to a certain individual who has been erroneously convicted, sentenced, and confined on a finding of eligibility by an administrative law judge within 90 days after receiving the order; requiring certain compensation made by the Board to be equal to a certain amount; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Child Welfare System - Reporting. Description: Altering the contents of a certain report required by the Department of Human Services regarding children and foster youth in the State child welfare system; requiring the State Department of Education, on or before December 1 each year, to report to the General Assembly and the Department of Human Services certain information regarding children and foster youth in the State child welfare system; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Montgomery County - Board of Education - Compensation MC 13-20. Description: Altering the compensation of the members of the Montgomery County Board of Education; authorizing a student member to elect to receive certain compensation at a certain time; and providing for the application of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Sheriff - Salary. Description: Altering the salary of the Sheriff of Anne Arundel County; and providing that the Act does not apply to the salary or compensation of the Sheriff while serving in a term of office beginning before the effective date of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Loan Assistance Repayment Program for Physicians and Physician Assistants - Administration and Funding. Description: Transferring oversight of the Maryland Loan Assistance Repayment Program for Physicians and Physician Assistants from the Office of Student Financial Assistance within the Maryland Higher Education Commission to the Maryland Department of Health; requiring the Department to submit a certain annual report to the General Assembly; requiring the Comptroller to distribute $1,000,000 from the Board of Physicians Fund to the Program if the Governor does not include the funds in the State budget in fiscal year 2022; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Member-Regulated Cooperatives - Establishment (Rural Broadband for the Eastern Shore Act of 2020). Description: Establishing a process for an electric cooperative to operate as a member-regulated cooperative in a certain area; requiring a cooperative's board of directors to hold a certain meeting and forums and provide a certain notice and information to the cooperative's members on whether to operate as a member-regulated cooperative; requiring a member-regulated cooperative to report to certain committees of the General Assembly on the status of the deployment of broadband Internet service to the cooperative's members; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Chief Executive Officer. Description: Altering the title of the Executive Director of the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to be the Chief Executive Officer; making conforming changes; and authorizing the publisher of the Annotated Code of Maryland to make certain changes in a certain manner.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Child Abuse and Sexual Misconduct Prevention - Hiring Emergent Employees. Description: Authorizing the hiring of a certain emergent employee by a county board of education or nonpublic school for a period not to exceed 60 days under certain conditions; authorizing a county board or nonpublic school to take certain actions within the 60-day period regarding an emergent employee under certain circumstances; authorizing a certain appeal following a certain decision by a county board; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Higher Education Outreach and College Access Pilot Program – Alterations(Maryland College Access Act). Description: Repealing the termination date of certain provisions of the Maryland Higher Education Outreach and College Access Pilot Program; altering the title of the Program; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $100,000 for the Program in fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Rental Vehicles - Driver's License Verification and Records. Description: Prohibiting a vehicle lessor from renting a vehicle to another person unless the lessor verifies that the person's driver's license is not expired; authorizing a vehicle lessor to meet certain inspection and verification requirements related to the driver's license of a vehicle lessee through electronic or digital means; authorizing a vehicle lessor to keep certain records in an electronic or digital format; requiring a vehicle lessor to delete certain personal data within 60 days after participation in a certain agreement is terminated;  etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education - Maryland Corps Program Fund - Alterations. Description: Expanding the purpose and authorized uses of the Maryland Corps Program Fund to include covering expenses incurred to study certain matters and providing funding to match certain gifts or grants; requiring, in fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter, funds for the Maryland Corps Program to be as provided in the State budget to cover certain additional expenses; and requiring, for fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $150,000 to the
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Cottage Food Product Labels - Identification Number. Description: Altering the required contents of the label with which cottage food products must be prepackaged to allow the inclusion of the phone number of the cottage food business and a certain identification number, rather than the address of the cottage food business; and requiring the Maryland Department of Health to provide a certain identification number to a cottage food business on request for a certain purpose.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Economic Stabilization Act - Revisions. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Labor to develop certain mandatory, rather than voluntary, guidelines for employers faced with a reduction in operations; altering required contents of the guidelines; requiring an employer to provide written notice to certain persons at least 60 days before initiating a reduction in operations; requiring that the notice include certain information and a certain statement; requiring the Secretary or the Secretary's designee to issue an order compelling compliance under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education – Alternative Schools – Reporting Requirements and Restrictions. Description: Requiring each county board of education, beginning in the 2020-2021 school year, to report certain data and information for each alternative school within its jurisdiction to the State Department of Education; requiring the Department, on or before October 1 each year, beginning in 2021, to report to the Governor and the General Assembly the data and information required to be reported by the county boards; prohibiting the required enrollment of certain students from public schools in an alternative school, with a certain exception; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission - Summer Math, Reading, and Science Pilot Program - Study PG/MC 108-20. Description: Requiring the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission to coordinate with the Prince George's County public school system to study the development of the Summer Math, Reading, and Science Pilot Program that integrates math, reading, science, technology, and social sciences content into summer parks and recreation programs offered in Prince George's County; requiring the Commission to report on the feasibility of implementing the Program to the Prince George's County House Delegation on or before December 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development Programs - Data Collection, Tracking, and Reporting Requirements - Alteration. Description: Altering the definition of "economic development program" for purposes of the data collection, tracking, and reporting requirements of the Maryland Jobs Development Act to include certain tax credit programs; and requiring the Department of Commerce, on or before December 31, 2020, to make available on the Department's website, in a certain format certain information relating to the recipients of economic development program tax credits or financial assistance and to update that information annually.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Clean Energy Jobs - Workforce Development - Scope. Description: Altering the scope of apprenticeship and training programs that may receive certain support through the Clean Energy Workforce Account from the Strategic Energy Investment Fund for clean energy industry development; providing that $750,000 in funds from the Maryland Strategic Energy Investment Fund, be designated for the recruitment of individuals, including veterans and formerly incarcerated individuals, to the pre-apprenticeship jobs training programs and registered apprenticeship jobs training programs beginning in fiscal 2021; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Employers of Ex-Offenders - Liability for Negligent Hiring or Inadequate Supervision - Immunity. Description: Establishing that certain employers are not liable, under certain circumstances, for negligently hiring or failing to adequately supervise an employee based on evidence that the employee has received probation before judgment for an offense or has been convicted of an offense; providing that the Act does not limit or abrogate certain other immunities or defenses; applying the Act prospectively; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Liens - Electronic Recording. Description: Requiring certain persons to record electronically a release related to motor vehicle liens with the Motor Vehicle Administration within 5 business days; requiring, rather than authorizing, the Administration to develop and implement an electronic system for recording and releasing security interests; authorizing the Administration to make certain information available electronically; authorizing certain parties to submit to the Administration certain electronic lien information on behalf of certain other parties; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Bay Restoration Fund – Use of Funds – Municipal Wastewater Facilities. Description: Expanding the authorized uses of the Bay Restoration Fund to include  certain costs associated with the connection of a property using an on-site sewage disposal system to an existing municipal wastewater facility that has signed a funding agreement with the Department of the Environment and is under construction to achieve enhanced nutrient removal or biological nutrient removal level treatment; specifying that these costs may be provided only if certain conditions are met; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Commercial Motor Carriers – Safety, Maintenance, and Insurance Information (James Cohran’s Law). Description: Requiring certain employers of commercial motor vehicle drivers to provide the USDOT number of any entity currently owned by the employer and certain website addresses to a prospective employee driver on a bona fide offer of employment; and providing certain civil penalties.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Adoption - Access to Birth and Adoption Records and Search, Contact, and Reunion Services. Description: Repealing certain provisions of law specifying that certain provisions of law apply only to adoptions in which a juvenile court enters an order for adoption on or after January 1, 2000; altering, from 21 to 18, the age at which an adoptee, or biological parent if the adoptee is at least a certain age, may apply for a copy of certain birth and adoptions records; requiring the Director of Social Services to develop and make available a certain contact preference form; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Barbers - Employment of Apprentice Barbers - Alterations. Description: Increasing, from 1 to 3, the maximum number of apprentice barbers per master barber that a barber shop may employ at the same time; and repealing a limit on the total number of apprentice barbers that a barbershop may employ at the same time.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Real Property – Condominiums and Homeowners Associations – Governing Bodies and Annual Meetings. Description: Requiring the governing body of a condominium to convene at least two meetings each year; requiring a developer of a condominium or a declarant of a homeowners association to convene a certain annual meeting under certain circumstances; requiring certain meetings to include an opportunity for certain unit owners or lot owners to provide comment; requiring the developer of a condominium to appoint a unit owner to the board of directors within 30 days after 25% of the currently subdivided units have been conveyed to the public; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Racing and Community Development Act of 2020. Description: Requiring the State Racing Commission to establish the Equine Health, Safety, and Welfare Advisory Committee; requiring the owner of the Bowie Race Course Training Center to convey the property to the City of Bowie in a certain manner; authorizing, subject to the approval of the Board of Public Works, the Maryland Stadium Authority to issue up to $375,000,000 of bonds for the redevelopment of certain racing facilities, including Laurel Park and Pimlico; establishing certain funds for certain purposes; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County - Speed Limits - Establishment. Description: Authorizing Calvert County to decrease the maximum speed limit to not less than 15 miles per hour on certain highways in the Solomons Island area without performing an engineering and traffic investigation, regardless of whether the highway is inside an urban district.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Municipal Golf Course License. Description: Establishing a Class M-G beer, wine, and liquor license for use at a municipal golf course in Frederick County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Frederick County to issue the license to a manager of a municipal golf course; specifying that the license authorizes the license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption on certain land and facilities used for golfing purposes; authorizing the license holder to designate an agent for certain purposes; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Manufacturers and Dealers – Transfers of Franchises. Description: Requiring a vehicle manufacturer to make certain requests of a person seeking to transfer a vehicle dealer franchise or any right under a vehicle dealer franchise within 20 days after receiving notice of the proposed transfer; requiring a vehicle manufacturer to consent to a transfer or provide a written statement with specific grounds for refusing consent within 75 days after receiving all completed forms and requested information from the transferor; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Juvenile Causes - Court Records. Description: Specifying that a provision of law that provides for the confidentiality of certain court records pertaining to certain children does not prohibit review of a court record by the Department of Juvenile Services if the Department is providing treatment, services, or care to a child who is subject of the record; and altering a certain exception to a provision of law that provides for the confidentiality of certain court records pertaining to certain children.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Condominium Act - Implied Warranties From Developers - Common Amenities. Description: Requiring that the common amenities, to include pools, tennis and basketball courts, community centers, and other common amenities of a condominium be covered under an implied warranty on common elements from a developer to a council of unit owners.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public School Employees - Whistleblower Protection - Civil Actions. Description: Repealing a prerequisite that a public school employee who is subject to a certain prohibited personnel action relating to an act of whistleblowing must exhaust any administrative remedies before instituting a civil action against a public school employer; requiring a public school employer to provide an administrative remedial process and to complete the process within 30 days after the employee files an initial complaint; requiring a public school employee to notify the superintendent of schools of any intent to file a civil action; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Homestead Property Tax Credit - Date of Transfer of Dwelling. Description: Altering the deadline for a new owner of a dwelling to submit an application to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation requesting that the date of the deed be accepted as the date of transfer of the dwelling for purposes of the homestead tax credit under certain circumstances; providing that property tax is not due on a dwelling for a certain taxable year until 30 days after a revised tax bill is sent to the homeowner if the homeowner submits a certain application after a certain date under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Deletion of Unlawful Ownership Restrictions - Exemption From Fees and Surcharges. Description: Providing that certain fees and surcharges on the recordation of instruments among the land records do not apply to the recordation of a certain restrictive covenant modification or an amendment to the common area deeds or other declarations of a homeowners association that deletes a covenant or restriction that restricts ownership based on race, religious belief, or national origin in accordance with certain provisions of law; repealing a deadline of September 30, 2019 for the governing body to delete certain restrictions; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Education - Firearm Funding (No Funding for Firearms Act). Description: Prohibiting a county board of education or public school from spending any money from any source to directly or indirectly provide a teacher with a firearm or train a teacher in the use of a firearm; and providing the Act does not apply to a school-approved sport or club that makes use of firearms.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sickle Cell Trait Screening, Treatment, Education, and Public Awareness (Journey's Law). Description: Requiring the Statewide Steering Committee on Services for Adults with Sickle Cell Disease to work in conjunction with members of the medical community in leading a certain comprehensive education and treatment program; requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in conjunction with local health departments and the Steering Committee, to develop a  public awareness campaign on the importance of an individual knowing one's sickle cell trait status, receiving screening for the sickle cell trait and counseling under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Higher Education – Denial of Transfer Credit – Notice and Report (Transfer With Success Act). Description: Requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to establish certain procedures that require a public institution of higher education that denies the transfer of credits to an enrolled student to report the denial to the institution from which the transfer student originates and submit to the Commission a report each year listing the denials and the reasons for the denials; and requiring the procedures to direct the institution from which the transfer student originates to conduct a review of the reasons for the denial.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Organizations – Penalties and Procedure. Description: Replacing the term "gang" as it pertains to certain prohibitions against participation in a criminal gang with the term "organization"; requiring certain local jurisdictions to use certain divested assets for certain purposes under certain circumstances; requiring the Attorney General, in consultation with the Maryland State's Attorneys' Association, to develop a plan for a formal process for oversight of prosecutions of offenses involving criminal organizations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property – Recordation of Deeds – Assignments of Rents and Assignments of Leases for Security Purposes. Description: Exempting a certain assignment of rents or assignment of leases for security purposes from certain requirements related to recordation; and authorizing a certain assignment of rents or assignment of leases for security purposes prepared by an attorney or one of the parties named in the instrument to be recorded without a certain certification.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Early Voting Centers - Hours of Operation. Description: Requiring early voting centers to be open in elections during the hours between 7 a.m. and 8 p.m. each early voting day.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prescription Drug Affordability Board – Meetings, Legal Advisor, Reports, and Technical Changes. Description: Requiring the Prescription Drug Affordability Board to meet four times per year instead of every 6 weeks; repealing the requirement that the Board hire general counsel; providing that the Attorney General is the legal advisor for the Board; requiring the Attorney General to designate an assistant attorney general as counsel to the Board; authorizing the Attorney General to assign certain attorneys to the Board under certain circumstances; establishing certain duties for the counsel to the Board; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Elections - Campaign Finance Enforcement and Compliance - New State Positions. Description: Requiring, for fiscal 2021, the Department of Budget and Management to create two new State positions for the State Board of Elections for the purpose of employing staff to enforce campaign finance violations and ensure compliance with campaign finance law.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board for Certification of Residential Child Care Program Professionals - Certification - Revisions. Description: Requiring the State Board for Certification of Residential Child Care Program Professionals to maintain an electronic roster of all individuals certified by the Board; requiring that the roster be available for electronic verification of certification through the Board's website; authorizing certain individuals to contact the Board to verify a certificate; and repealing a certain requirement that a certain renewal notice sent by the Board contain certain information.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Special Police Officers - Training and Renewal of Commission. Description: Repealing the authorization for the Secretary of State Police to require certain training; requiring a certain candidate for a commission as a special police officer to complete at least 80 hours of instruction; exempting a certain candidate for commission as a special police officer from completing certain instruction under certain circumstances; and requiring an applicant for the renewal of a commission as a special police officer to receive certain training before applying for renewal.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Finance and Procurement – Procurement Improvement Council – Form for Discussion and Report on the Required Use of eMaryland Marketplace. Description: Requiring the Procurement Improvement Council to provide a forum to discuss the use of eMaryland Marketplace and compliance with certain provisions of law; and requiring the Council to report to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2021, on guidelines on the publication of certain notices and awards on eMaryland Marketplace and recommendations on strategies and enforcement mechanisms to improve certain compliance.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Administration – Voluntary Developmental Disability Self–Disclosure Cards – Design and Issuance. Description: Requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to design a voluntary developmental disability self-disclosure card to provide details of an individual's developmental disabilities and include written guidance on effective communication between law enforcement officers and people with developmental disabilities; requiring the Administration to make the card available by January 1, 2021 to any individual of driving age who requests one; requiring the Administration to provide the card to the parents of a minor who requests a card; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacists – Required Notification and Authorized Substitution – Lower–Cost Drug or Device Product. Description: Requiring a pharmacist, or the pharmacist's designee who is under certain supervision, to inform a certain consumer of the availability of certain therapeutically equivalent drugs and the cost difference between the therapeutically equivalent drug and a certain prescribed drug; altering the cost difference of which a pharmacist, or the pharmacist's designee is required to inform a retail consumer under certain circumstances; requiring that a certain determination be based on a consumer's prescription benefit and formulary; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Care Providers – Discrimination in Provision of Services. Description: Providing that the Secretary of Health or certain units of the Maryland Department of Health have exclusive jurisdiction to enforce certain laws by certain action; establishing that the Commission on Civil Rights and the Secretary or certain units have concurrent jurisdiction over certain discrimination; authorizing the Commission to take certain action when the Secretary or certain units have exclusive jurisdiction; requiring the Secretary or certain units to notify the Commission of certain hearings; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government – Protection of Personally Identifiable Information – Public Institutions of Higher Education. Description: Excluding public institutions of higher education from certain provisions of law governing protection of information by government agencies; requiring public institutions of higher education to review and designate certain systems as systems of record based on certain criteria and to develop and adopt a certain privacy governance program to govern each system of record; requiring public institutions of higher education to develop and adopt a certain information security and risk management program for certain purposes; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Talbot County - Turkey and Deer Hunting - Sundays. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person to hunt turkey on a Sunday in Talbot County through participation in a certain junior hunt; authorizing the Department to allow a person to hunt deer on a Sunday in Talbot County with a firearm through participation in a certain junior deer hunt or during any Sunday during the deer firearms season in January; and applying the Act.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Talbot County - Sunday Hunting - Deer Bow Hunting Season. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to allow a person to hunt deer on private property in Talbot County on a Sunday during the bow hunting season from the first Sunday in October through the second Sunday in January the following year, inclusive, subject to certain provisions of law.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Limited Fishing Guide License - Propulsion of Boats and Vessels. Description: Providing that a boat or vessel used under a limited fishing guide license may be propelled by human power.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Apprenticeship Career Training Pilot Program for Formerly Incarcerated Individuals - Report. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to submit an annual report on the Apprenticeship Career Training Pilot Program for Formerly Incarcerated Individuals on or before September 30 each year.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commercial Law - Rental Motor Vehicles - Collision Damage Waivers. Description: Altering the definition of "passenger car" to include a certain Class E (truck) vehicle for the purposes of the application of certain provisions of law governing collision damage waivers for rental vehicles.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission - Procedures and Training. Description: Authorizing members of the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to make a certain designation in writing; repealing the requirement for the Commission to elect a chair; requiring that the Secretary of State Police serve as the chair of the Commission; requiring the Commission to conduct a certain job task analysis once every 10 years, beginning in 2020; specifying the duties of the Commission in regards to the training of police officers in the State; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Health and Welfare Benefits Program - Maryland Competitive Pharmacy Benefits Manager Marketplace Act. Description: Requiring the Department of Budget and Management to use a reverse auction, as provided for in certain provisions of law established by the Act, to select a pharmacy benefits manager or other entity to administer the State Rx Program; requiring the Department to procure a certain platform and associated services in a certain manner a certain period of time before the reverse auction is scheduled to be completed; requiring the Department to consult with certain other Departments in conducting a certain procurement; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Student Meal Programs and Policies. Description: Requiring a public school to notify a student's parent or legal guardian  when there is a low balance in the student's meal account and before the student accrues unpaid meal debt; prohibiting a public school from communicating about unpaid meal debt directly with a student or in any way that embarrasses or humiliates the student; prohibiting a public school from taking certain actions in response to a student's unpaid meal debt; requiring certain notice about the application process and requirements for certain meal programs; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools – Mathematics Credit – College Preparatory Computer Science or Computer Programming Course. Description: Authorizing a student who is enrolled at a public high school to satisfy a certain requirement to earn credits in mathematics by completing  a credit in a certain college preparatory computer science or computer programming course selected by the county board; and requiring the county board to certify to the State Department of Education that the computer science or computer programming course may count toward the mathematics graduation requirement.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Traffic Control Signal Monitoring Systems, Speed Monitoring Systems, and Work Zone Speed Control Systems - Citation Responses. Description: Altering a certain warning on a citation issued for a violation recorded by a traffic control signal monitoring system, a speed monitoring system, or a work zone speed control system to state that a person alleged to be liable must pay the civil penalty or contest liability within 60 days after the date of issuance of the citation in order to avoid an automatic admission of liability.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Candidate Defeated in Primary Election - Write-In Candidacy in General Election Prohibited. Description: Prohibiting a candidate who is defeated for the nomination for a public office from filing a certificate of candidacy as a write-in candidate at the next succeeding general election as a candidate for any office.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington County - Mobile Home Tax - Authorization. Description: Providing that a certain tax that a county or municipal corporation may impose on amounts paid for the rental, leasing, or use of any space, facility, or accommodation in a mobile home park or services provided by a mobile home park does not apply to certain mobile homes in Washington County; authorizing Washington County to impose, by ordinance, a tax on the use of a mobile home in the county; providing that the tax constitutes a lien on the mobile home and may be collected in the same manner property taxes may be collected; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Law Enforcement Diversion Programs. Description: Authorizing the establishment of certain law enforcement diversion programs subject to certain restrictions; authorizing certain individuals to participate in certain programs; authorizing certain providers to provide case management including certain approaches; requiring certain planning for the implementation of certain programs; requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Prevention, Youth, and Victim Services to submit a report on the number of law enforcement encounters resulting in a behavioral health services referral; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Services Cost Review Commission – Community Benefits – Reporting. Description: Requiring the Health Services Cost Review Commission to establish a Community Benefit Reporting Workgroup; requiring the Commission to adopt certain regulations relating to the community health needs of nonprofit hospitals and reporting by nonprofit hospitals regarding community health needs and benefits provided by the hospital; requiring the Commission, on or before December 1, 2020, to issue a  certain report to certain committees of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Tax Sales - Data Collection. Description: Altering and expanding certain data collection and reporting responsibilities of the State Department of Assessments and Taxation concerning tax sales; requiring each county to provide the Department with certain information on the form the Department provides; requiring the Department to obtain certain data concerning certain categories of properties that are subject to tax sale through a certain annual survey; requiring the Department to obtain certain information concerning each county's tax sale process; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Redemption or Extinguishment of Ground Rents. Description: Altering a certain provision relating to the effect of a redemption or extinguishment of a certain ground rent to provide that it is effective to conclusively divest a certain ground lease holder of a certain reversion and vest the reversion in a certain leasehold tenant, and eliminate certain rights, title, or interest of certain individuals.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government - Information Technology - Cybersecurity. Description: Codifying the establishment of the Office of Security Management within the Department of Information Technology, the position of State Chief Information Security Officer, and the Maryland Cybersecurity Coordinating Council; altering the membership of the Council; requiring each unit of the Legislative or Judicial Branch of State government that uses a certain network to certify certain compliance to the Department on or before December 1 each year; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County – Alcoholic Beverages – Bowling Alley License. Description: Establishing a Class BA (bowling alley) license in Harford County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the license to an owner of a bowling alley entitling the holder to sell beer and wine for on- and off-premises consumption and liquor for on-premises consumption; authorizing the license holder to offer daily on-premises wine tasting; providing that a bowling alley for which the license is issued is subject to certain alcohol awareness training; providing an annual license fee of $3,000; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Enrollment Location - Continuity. Description: Prohibiting a child who is a juvenile placed in the custody of certain entities from being disenrolled from public school until the disposition of the child's juvenile case; requiring the public school in which the child who is a juvenile is enrolled to provide the State Department of Education with certain educational materials; requiring the Department in consultation with county boards of education to develop and implement a procedure to transfer to certain entities a copy of certain educational records; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Driver's Licenses - Older Licensees - In-Person Renewal. Description: Prohibiting the Motor Vehicle Administration from renewing the driver's license of an individual who is at least 85 years old without requiring the individual to complete the renewal transaction in person except under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Schools - Fees for Summer School Courses - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a local school system from charging a student a fee for enrollment in a summer school course if the student attends a school in the local school system, credit for the course is a high school graduation requirement, and the student has previously taken the course, but did not successfully complete or receive credit for the course.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Check Cashing Services - Registration and Dissemination of Information. Description: Repealing an exemption for certain check cashing services from provisions of law governing the licensure of check cashing services; authorizing a person to provide check cashing services without obtaining a certain license by registering each year with the Commissioner of Financial Regulation; requiring a person to obtain and maintain a certain identifier to register as a check cashing service; requiring a person to provide the Commissioner with certain information to register as a check cashing service; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Credit to Offset Increases in Local Income Tax Revenues - Eligibility. Description: Requiring a homeowner to have a homestead property tax credit application on file with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation in order to be eligible for a certain credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax to offset certain increases in local income tax revenues; providing that any increase in county property tax revenue that results from the Act may not be counted toward a certain county limitation on county property tax revenue; applying the Act to taxable years after June 30, 2022; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Use of Facial Recognition Services - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting an employer from using certain facial recognition services during an applicant's interview for employment unless the applicant consents under a certain provision of the Act; authorizing an applicant to consent to the use of certain facial recognition service technologies during an interview by signing a waiver; and providing for the contents of a certain waiver.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: County Boards and Public and Nonpublic Prekindergarten Programs and Schools – Discrimination – Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a county board, public or nonpublic prekindergarten programs, and public or nonpublic primary or secondary schools that receive State funds from discriminating against a person because of certain factors, refusing enrollment of, expelling, or withholding privileges from any student or prospective student because of certain factors, from taking a certain retaliatory action; providing certain penalties; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Universities at Shady Grove Regional Higher Education Center. Description: Establishing the Universities at Shady Grove Regional Higher Education Center; establishing the purpose of the Center is to provide students access to established, cutting edge, and high-demand academic programs of degree-granting institutions; requiring upper division undergraduate and graduate level programs to be offered at the Center; providing for the funding of the Center; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Telehealth – Mental Health and Chronic Condition Management Services – Coverage and Pilot Program. Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program, subject to a certain limitation, to provide mental health services appropriately delivered through telehealth to a patient in the patient's home setting; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to apply, on or before December 1, 2020, to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for an amendment to certain waivers to implement a pilot program to provide certain telehealth services to recipients under the Maryland Medical Assistance Program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Courts - Jury Service - Disqualification. Description: Altering certain circumstances under which an individual who has been convicted of a crime is not qualified for jury service; and repealing a provision specifying that an individual is not qualified for jury service if the individual has a certain charge pending for a certain crime.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Parole - Life Imprisonment. Description: Altering, from 15 years to 20 years, the time period that certain inmates sentenced to life imprisonment for a crime committed on or after October 1, 2020, must serve before becoming eligible for parole consideration; repealing certain provisions that provide that inmates serving a term of life imprisonment may be paroled only with the Governor's approval, subject to certain provisions; repealing certain provisions that require certain parole decisions to be transmitted to the Governor under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public–Private Partnerships – Highway and Bridge Toll Facilities – Rates(No Lexus Lane Act). Description: Prohibiting a public-private partnership agreement for a project involving road, highway, or bridge assets from establishing or altering toll rates, a range of toll rates, a formula or algorithm to determine fluctuating toll rates, or any late payment fees unless approved by the Board of Public Works.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Local Government - Regulation of Amateur Radio Station Antenna Structures. Description: Declaring the intent of the General Assembly to codify a certain federal regulation concerning preemption of local regulation of amateur radio station antenna structures; establishing certain requirements that apply to a county or municipal ordinance regulating amateur radio station antenna structures; applying the Act to all counties and municipalities; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - School Bus Safety - Occupant Capacity. Description: Requiring that a school bus be routed with the intent that the number of pupils on the bus does not exceed the manufacturer's rated seating capacity for the bus; and providing that if an emergency or temporary situation causes the number of pupils on the bus to exceed the seating capacity, the situation shall be corrected within a reasonable period of time.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Disposition of Remains - Authorizing Agent. Description: Clarifying that a certain document through the execution of which a certain individual may decide the disposition of the individual's own body without certain consent includes a document designating a person to act as an authorizing agent; providing that an authorizing agent is bound by certain documents in making certain decisions; and clarifying the order of priority of persons that have the right to serve as the authorizing agent for a decedent.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law – Authorization for a Minor to Marry. Description: Extending the jurisdiction of the equity court to include a petition for authorization for a minor to marry; altering the conditions under which an individual who is 17 years old is authorized to marry; prohibiting an individual under the age of 17 years from marrying; requiring an applicant for a marriage license to provide a certain document to a clerk of the court; requiring a clerk of the court to review a certain order before issuing a marriage license under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: County Boards of Education - Student Transportation - Vehicles. Description: Authorizing a county board of education to provide transportation to and from school for certain students using a vehicle other than a Type I or Type II school vehicle when a school vehicle cannot reasonably be provided; and requiring the State Department of Education, in consultation with county boards of education and the Motor Vehicle Administration, to adopt certain regulations.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: I-495 and I-270 Public-Private Partnership - Partnership Agreement - Requirements (Maryland State Department of Transportation Promises Act of 2020). Description: Requiring the public-private partnership agreement for the I-495 and I-270 Public-Private Partnership Program to include certain provisions; authorizing certain revenues derived from certain tolls to be distributed to a certain special fund to be budgeted in a certain manner; requiring the Board of Public Works, on or before October 1, 2021, to request a certain determination letter from the Maryland Transportation Authority and the State Department of Transportation; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Resort Complex License. Description: Establishing in Harford County a resort complex license; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners to issue one resort complex license to a certain person; specifying that the license authorizes the holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor at certain outlets in the resort complex; establishing the days and times during which a license holder may serve alcoholic beverages; exempting the resort complex license from certain license quotas or restrictions; establishing a certain fee; providing certain alcohol awareness training requirements; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance – Audits of Pharmacies or Pharmacists – Authorization to Withdraw and Resubmit Claims. Description: Requiring a pharmacy benefits manager to allow a pharmacy or pharmacist to withdraw and resubmit certain claims within a certain number of days after a preliminary audit report is delivered or, if a pharmacy or pharmacist requests an internal audit, within a certain number of days after the conclusion of the internal appeals process.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacists - Refills of Prescriptions - Dispensing Requirements. Description: Requiring that a certain refill be dispensed in the smallest commercially available package under certain circumstances if a prescription cannot be dispensed or sold in a 14-day or less supply or unit of use.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages – Class A, A–2, and A–7 Licenses – Surveillance System. Description: Providing that an application for a certain license renewal is not complete without a certain affidavit; extending in Baltimore City the time during which the Board of License Commissioners may issue a Class A-7 license; altering the hours of operation for a holder of a Class A-7 license; requiring the holder of a Class A license, Class A-2 license, or Class A-7 license to install and operate a digital surveillance system on the licensed premises in accordance with regulations that the Board adopts; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Hunting - Deer Management Permits. Description: Authorizing an individual who hunts under a Deer Management Permit in Baltimore County to use certain firearms to hunt deer throughout the year, including all deer hunting seasons, in the locations and under the conditions set forth in the permit; and authorizing an individual who hunts under a Deer Management Permit in Baltimore County to hunt deer on certain lands under certain conditions.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Pharmacy Benefits Managers – Credentialing and Reimbursement. Description: Prohibiting a pharmacy benefits manager from requiring a certain pharmacy or pharmacist to obtain certain credentialing as a condition for participating in a certain network with certain frequency or charging a pharmacy or pharmacist a certain fee; repealing certain circumstances under which a pharmacy benefits manager or purchaser is authorized to charge certain fees or hold certain pharmacies responsible for certain reimbursement that the pharmacy benefits manager or purchaser is otherwise prohibited from doing; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources – Tree Expert License – Eligibility Criteria. Description: Altering the eligibility criteria for an applicant for a tree expert license to be issued a license.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Family Investment Program - Temporary Cash Assistance - Eligibility. Description: Prohibiting reducing or terminating temporary cash assistance for certain individuals under certain circumstances; prohibiting reducing or terminating temporary cash assistance for certain individuals because of good cause as determined by the Secretary of Human Services; requiring local departments of social services to provide a conciliatory period of 30 days to certain individuals who are not in compliance with the Family Investment Program; requiring 25% of funding be withheld upon certain acts of noncompliance; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Residential Construction - Electric Vehicle Charging. Description: Requiring a builder of certain new housing units or a builder's agent to provide each buyer or prospective buyer with the option to include on or in a certain garage, carport, or driveway a certain electric vehicle charging station or a dedicated electric line with certain voltage under certain circumstances; requiring a certain builder or builder's agent to give certain buyers and prospective buyers notice of certain options and information about certain rebate programs under certain circumstances; and applying the Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County – Alcoholic Beverages – Place of Worship Restrictions – Exemptions and Waivers. Description: Providing that certain place of worship distance restrictions for an alcoholic beverages license in Harford County do not apply to breweries and distilleries; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue a waiver from a restriction barring the issuance of licenses to establishments within 300 feet of a place of worship on a case-by-case basis; requiring public hearings to be held in a certain municipality or county regarding whether the distance restrictions should be waived; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Wicomico County – Alcoholic Beverages – Board of License Commissioners. Description: Requiring the Governor to appoint five members of the Board of License Commissioners for Wicomico County; requiring that members of the Board be nominated in a certain manner; requiring that three members of the Board be residents of the City of Salisbury, nominated jointly by the County Executive and the Mayor of Salisbury; staggering the terms of member of the Board in a certain manner; and specifying the expiration of the terms of certain members of the Board.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax – Exemption for Artificial Hearing Device Earmolds, Equipment, and Parts. Description: Exempting from the sales and use tax the sale of custom-made earmolds for artificial hearing devices and any other artificial hearing device-related equipment and parts; and repealing a certain sales and use tax exemption for certain obsolete artificial hearing device-related equipment.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Minority Participation in the Alcoholic Beverages Industry - Study. Description: Requiring the Governor's Office of Small, Minority, and Women Business Affairs to conduct a study of the participation of minority-owned businesses in the alcoholic beverages industry in the State; providing for the inclusion of certain issues in the study; requiring the Office to conduct the study in consultation and cooperation with certain agencies and interests; requiring the Office to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by January 1, 2021; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax and Personal Property Tax – Services, Aircraft Parts and Equipment, and Data Centers. Description: Altering the definition of "taxable service" under the sales and use tax to impose the tax on certain services; providing an exemption from the sales and use tax for certain materials, parts, and equipment used to repair, maintain, or upgrade aircraft or certain aircraft systems, and for certain qualified data center personal property for use at qualified data centers; requiring the Department of Commerce to verify certain eligibility; requiring the Comptroller to issue certain certificates of eligibility; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services - Two Generation Family Economic Security Commission. Description: Establishing the Two Generation Family Economic Security Commission in the Department of Human Services; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Commission; requiring the Commission to study, evaluate, and coordinate services and programs to address multigenerational poverty; authorizing the Commission to implement certain programs and to partner with local jurisdictions, local action agencies, departments of social services, and/or local workforce develop areas to implement certain programs; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Transportation - Western Maryland MARC Rail Extension - Study. Description: Requiring the Department of Transportation to conduct a study on extending Maryland Area Regional Commuter (MARC) commuter rail service to western Maryland; requiring the Department to study and make recommendations regarding certain matters; requiring the Department to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before July 1, 2022; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Campaign Finance - Contribution Through Third-Party Payment Processor - Transfer to Campaign Account. Description: Requiring a campaign finance entity to initiate the transfer of a contribution made through a third-party payment processor from the account of the third-party payment processor to the designated campaign account of the campaign finance entity within 7 days after the contribution is deposited in the account of the third-party payment processor.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Children in Out-of-Home Placement - Placement in Medical Facilities. Description: Prohibiting a court from committing a child for inpatient care and treatment in a psychiatric facility under certain circumstances; prohibiting a local department from placing a child in, delivering a child to, or failing to remove a child from a hospital, an emergency or inpatient facility under certain circumstances; authorizing a hospital, an emergency facility, or an inpatient facility to petition a court to compel a local department to remove a child from the hospital, emergency or inpatient facility; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Towing or Removal of Vehicles from Parking Lots - Reclamation Hours. Description: Limiting, to at a minimum from 6 a.m. to midnight, the hours during which a certain person in possession of a vehicle that has been towed or removed from a parking lot is required to provide an opportunity for the vehicle owner or the owner's agent to retake possession of the vehicle; and altering a certain signage requirement imposed on the owner or operator of a parking lot relating to hours during which a towed vehicle may be reclaimed.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Town of Mount Airy (Carroll County and Frederick County) - Urban Renewal Authority. Description: Authorizing the Town of Mount Airy, Carroll County and Frederick County, to undertake and carry out certain urban renewal projects for slum clearance and redevelopment; prohibiting certain land or property from being taken for certain purposes without just compensation first being paid to the party entitled to the compensation; declaring that certain land or property taken in connection with certain urban renewal powers is needed for public uses or purposes; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Child Care Centers – Teacher Qualifications. Description: Requiring the regulations adopted by the State Board of Education to govern the licensing and operation of child care centers to include provisions that establish certain qualifications for probationary employment for a certain indiviual to be a child care teacher in a certain child care center; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George’s County – Public Safety Surcharge PG 412–20. Description: Providing that a certain Prince George's County public safety surcharge amount is for certain residential housing constructed in an area included in a certain plan or an area that abuts an existing or planned mass transit rail station operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority or the Maryland Transit Administration, instead of requiring the surcharge to be for both areas.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard - Municipal Electric Utilities. Description: Setting the renewable energy portfolio standard for municipal electric utilities for 2020 and later.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Holders - Requirements. Description: Altering certain requirements for applicants for certain alcoholic beverages licenses in Harford County; repealing certain residency requirements for applicants for certain alcoholic beverages licenses in the county; requiring the name of an operator to be included in the application for certain licenses; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Recreational Striped Bass Fishery - Study on Harvest Data. Description: Requiring the Department of Natural Resources to conduct a study on methods of obtaining more accurate harvest data for the recreational striped bass fishery; requiring the study to examine certain issues relevant to obtaining more accurate harvest data for the recreational striped bass fishery; requiring the Department to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Queen Anne's County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Applications. Description: Repealing a certain residency requirement for an applicant for certain alcoholic beverages licenses in Queen Anne's County; and providing that an  individual may not be issued a Class A beer, wine, and liquor license on behalf of a corporation or limited liability company  unless the corporation or limited liability company is a Maryland entity in good standing or a foreign entity registered to do business in the State.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Commercial Fishing - Use of Haul Seines. Description: Establishing an exception to the prohibition against fishing with a haul seine; and providing that, if a haul seine is set on a Friday, a person may empty it during the period from 12:01 a.m. on the following Saturday until sunrise on the following Monday, if the person provides the Natural Resources Police with a certain notification, the location of the haul seine that will be emptied, and contact information for the tidal fish licensee who is responsible for the haul seine.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - School Facilities Surcharge - Foundation for Applied Construction Technology for Students PG 413-20. Description: Adding an exemption from the Prince George's County school facilities surcharge for single-family dwelling units to be built by the Foundation for Applied Construction Technology for Students.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Land Use – Comprehensive Plan – Middle Housing (Planning for Modest Homes Act of 2020). Description: Requiring a local jurisdiction to address middle housing as a component of the housing element of a certain plan; and requiring the housing element of a certain plan to state the number of additional housing units the local jurisdiction will need by a certain point in time based on certain forecasts.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prince George's County - Marriage License Fees - Distribution of Proceeds PG 411-20. Description: Requiring the Director of Finance for Prince George's County to distribute certain proceeds from a marriage license fee to the Community Crisis Services, Inc.; requiring certain proceeds from a marriage license fee to be used to fund battered spouse shelters and domestic violence programs if the Community Crisis Services, Inc., changes its name or objectives or ceases to exist.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Emergency Management Assistance Compact - City of Laurel PG 311-20. Description: Authorizing the City of Laurel to participate in the Maryland Emergency Management Assistance Compact.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class MT (Movie Theater) License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to grant up to five Class MT (movie theater) licenses to the same person; and increasing the fee for a Class MT license from $500 to $1,000.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Financial Assistance Policies and Bill Collections. Description: Increasing the family income threshold at which a hospital's financial assistance policy must provide free and reduced cost medically necessary care to patients; requiring that a certain financial assistance policy include a certain payment plan, available to uninsured patients with family income between 200% and 500% of the federal poverty level and a certain mechanism for a patient to request a reconsideration; requiring that a certain financial assistance policy provide presumptive eligibility for certain care; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public-Private Partnerships - Process and Oversight. Description: Establishing the Public-Private Partnership Oversight Review Board; requiring a certain reporting agency to include in presolicitation reports for certain public-private partnerships presolicitation reports of certain contracts and a certain environmental impact statement under certain circumstances; requiring certain presolicitation reports to be submitted to the Legislative Policy Committee; prohibiting the Board of Public Works, under certain circumstances, from designating a public-private partnership; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education – Public School Athletics – Basketball Schedule. Description: Establishing rules for public school athletic schedules for basketball; prohibiting a team, except under certain circumstances, from playing more than two games each week; providing that the basketball schedule consists of 20 regular season games for a team that elects to play in a tournament or showcase game and 22 regular season games for other teams; authorizing a team to play in up to four tournament games in a year; authorizing each county board to decide whether to authorize a team to play in showcase games; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Video Lottery Operator - Reconciliation of Proceeds - Uncollectible Debt. Description: Altering the definition of "proceeds" to allow a video lottery operator, under certain circumstances, to reduce the amount of proceeds received from video lottery terminals and table games by the amount of certain uncollectible negotiable instruments for up to 7 days following a certain determination; requiring the State Lottery and Gaming Control Commission to adopt certain regulations; requiring the video lottery operator to provide a quarterly report to certain committees regarding certain uncollectible or forgiven debts; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Retail License Holders - Alcohol Awareness Program. Description: Requiring that a certain individual who has completed training in an approved alcohol awareness program be present on a licensed premises at certain times; authorizing the trained individual to be absent from the licensed premises for up to 2 hours for certain reasons; requiring the local licensing board to require the license holder to keep a log book documenting certain details of the absence in a certain form; altering certain penalties related to alcohol awareness training; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Agriculture – Processing of Poultry Litter for Alternative Use. Description: Requiring the processing of poultry litter for a certain alternative use, or the resulting product, to meet certain requirements; requiring a certain product to be able to be procured and handled or applied in a certain manner for a certain purpose; authorizing the transportation of a certain alternative use product off the Delmarva Peninsula to certain markets and using a certain distribution apparatus; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Transit Administration - Disabled Reduced Fare Program - Opioid Treatment Program Patients. Description: Requiring the Maryland Transit Administration to make available to opioid treatment programs monthly transit passes that are for use by patients of opioid treatment programs who qualify for the administration's Disabled Reduced Fare Program and may be issued to patients on site at opioid treatment programs by staff; requiring the passes to be made available at a reduced price that reflects the price of a monthly pass issued under the Disabled Reduced Fare Program as of October 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment – Expanded Polystyrene Food Service Products – Definition. Description: Altering the definition of "expanded polystyrene food service product" to exclude certain egg cartons shipped into the State for packaging or cartons of eggs that have been packaged within the State for sale within the State.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Discrimination - Definition of Race - Hair Texture and Hairstyles. Description: Defining "race", for the purposes of certain laws prohibiting discrimination, to include certain traits associated with race, including hair texture and certain hairstyles; and defining "protective hairstyle" as a hairstyle including braids, twists, and locks.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Real Estate Commission - Continuing Education Requirements - Ethics and Professionalism. Description: Altering the subject matter of the continuing education ethics course required for the renewal of a license to provide real estate brokerage services by the State Real Estate Commission; and requiring the course to cover the subjects of the practice of flipping, fraudulent real estate practices, and professionalism as it relates to the Maryland Code of Ethics, including a discussion relating to conflict resolution and a licensee's duty to respect the public, peers, and property.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Information Technology - Study of a Common Information Technology Platform for Health Occupations Boards. Description: Requiring the Department of Information Technology to conduct a certain review of certain information technology platforms used by certain health occupations boards and make certain recommendations on the feasibility and cost of developing a certain common information technology platform; and requiring the Department to report certain findings and recommendations to the Senate Education, Health, and Environmental Affairs Committee and the House Health and Government Operations Committee on or before December 1, 2020.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of the Environment – Office of Recycling – Recycling Market Development. Description: Requiring the Office of Recycling in the Department of the Environment to promote the development of markets for recycled materials and recycled products in the State in a certain manner; requiring that the annual Maryland solid waste management and diversion report be submitted to the General Assembly by September 1, 2021, and each year thereafter, and include certain activities; requiring the Office to coordinate certain activities with certain entities; requiring certain departments to report certain information to the Office; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Howard County - Transfer Tax - Rate Increase Authorization Ho. Co. 26-20. Description: Exempting moderate income housing units from a certain tax; authorizing the governing body of Howard County to increase the rate of the transfer tax to support certain public purposes; requiring the Director of Finance of Howard County to collect and distribute in certain amounts transfer tax proceeds attributable to an increase in the tax rate to the county general fund to be used for certain purposes; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development - Makerspace Initiative Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Makerspace Initiative Pilot Program in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation to encourage the establishment and expansion of makerspaces throughout the State; authorizing the Corporation to award certain financial assistance to local governments, certain designees of local governments, and certain nonprofit entities for the establishment of makerspaces in the State; requiring the Corporation, after consulting with the Secretary of Commerce, to adopt certain standards; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Apprenticeship Start-Up Act of 2020. Description: Altering the definition of "eligible apprentice" for purposes of a certain credit against the State income tax for the employment of certain eligible apprentices; altering the amount of the credit to $1,000 for each eligible apprentice if the apprentice is employed through a youth apprenticeship program and $3,000 for certain other apprentices; altering the maximum amount of credits that the Maryland Department of Labor may approve in the aggregate each year to $15,000 per taxpayer; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Emergency Use Auto-Injectable Epinephrine Program - Revisions. Description: Altering the name of the Emergency Use Auto-Injectable Epinephrine Program at Institutions of Higher Education to be the Emergency Use Auto-Injectable Epinephrine Program; authorizing food service facilities to store and make available for administration auto-injectable epinephrine for individuals who are experiencing or are believed to be experiencing anaphylaxis when a physician or emergency medical services are not immediately available; altering the purpose of the Program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Personnel - Maryland Department of Health - Pay Rates and Staffing Requirements. Description: Requiring that the pay rate for certain employees at Clifton T. Perkins Hospital be at least two grades higher than the employee's pay rate effective June 30, 2020; requiring that the pay rate for certain employees in the Behavioral Health Administration or the Developmental Disabilities Administration be equal to the pay rate effective on July 1, 2020, for similarly trained, qualified, or licensed employees at Clifton T. Perkins Hospital under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County - Subdivision Plats - Stormwater Management Easements. Description: Requiring, in Calvert County, that certain subdivision plats be prepared and endorsed by certain individuals in a certain manner; requiring certain subdivision plats or deeds of dedication to include a certain signed and acknowledged statement; authorizing the filing, recording, and indexing of certain subdivision plats in a certain manner; establishing that recordation of a certain subdivision plat operates as a transfer of a certain easement to the Board of County Commissioners of Calvert County for certain purposes; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Zero-Emission Electric School Vehicles - Inspections. Description: Altering the length of time a zero-emission electric school vehicle may be operated from 12 years to 15 years, unless it fails to meet the applicable school bus and motor vehicle safety standards.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Worcester County - Special Event Zones - Prohibitions. Description: Prohibiting a person from engaging in exhibition driving within a special event zone in Worcester County; prohibiting a person from committing certain violations of the Maryland Vehicle Law within a special event zone in Worcester County; defining the term "exhibition driving" to include the operation of a vehicle in a manner that produces abrupt acceleration or deceleration, skidding, swerving, raucous engine noise, gear grinding, or wheels losing contact with the ground; establishing certain penalties for violations of the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: County Income Tax – Authority to Impose on an Income Bracket Basis. Description: Authorizing a county to impose the county income tax on an income bracket basis under certain circumstances; requiring a county that imposes the county income tax on an income bracket basis to set, by ordinance or resolution, certain income brackets; prohibiting the income brackets from differing from the income brackets to which the State income tax applies; prohibiting a county that imposes the county income tax on an income tax bracket basis from setting a minimum income tax rate less than 2.25%; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Special Taxing Districts - Eastern Shore Code Counties - Authorization. Description: Authorizing a code county in the Eastern Shore class to establish certain special taxing districts, impose certain ad valorem or special taxes, and issue certain bonds for the purpose of financing the cost of certain infrastructure improvements.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commercial Motor Vehicles - Inspections. Description: Altering the mileage at which the owner of a Class F (tractor) vehicle that has been in operation for not more than 5 years is required to have the vehicle inspected, maintained, and repaired to 35,000 miles; and altering the mileage at which the owner of certain Class E vehicles that have been in operation for not more than 5 years are required to have the vehicle inspected, maintained, and repaired to 50,000 miles, if the vehicles are zero-emission electric vehicles or fuel cell electric vehicles.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Rental Subsidy Under the Howard County "Live Where You Work" Program Ho. Co. 20-20. Description: Allowing a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for the value of a subsidy for rental expenses received by a resident of Howard County under the "Live Where You Work" program of the Downtown Columbia Plan; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Personnel and Pensions - Maryland Whistleblower Law - Department of Juvenile Services Employees. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Juvenile Services to take certain actions related to certain protections and remedies for certain employees; prohibiting a supervisor, appointing authority, or the head of a principal unit of State government from taking or refusing to take any personnel action or reprisal against an employee of the Department of Juvenile Services who discloses certain information to the Director of Juvenile Justice Monitoring or staff of the Juvenile Justice Monitoring Unit; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Marine Contractor License – Performance of Services – Licensing Requirements and Fees. Description: Authorizing an individual who is employed by the State or a county or municipality in the State to perform marine contractor services while in the performance of the duties of their employment without having to obtain a marine contractor license under certain circumstances; and exempting certain individuals who perform marine contractor services while in the performance of the duties of their employment from paying certain fees.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Department of Agriculture - Urban Agriculture Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Urban Agriculture Grant Program in the Department of Agriculture to increase the viability of urban farming and improve access to urban-grown foods; establishing an Urban Agriculture Grant Fund to provide grants to nonprofit organizations in Baltimore City to implement the Program; requiring the Secretary of Agriculture to administer the Fund; authorizing the distribution of up to $400,000 to the Fund for each of fiscal years 2022 and 2025; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Grant Applications and Reporting - Uniform Forms and Requirements. Description: Establishing the Maryland Efficient Grant Application Council to study and make recommendations to the Governor's Grants Office and the Department of Budget and Management regarding the entire life cycle of a grant and the creation of certain materials for use by certain grant-making agencies, grant applicants, and grant recipients; requiring the Council to solicit the input of certain stakeholders; requiring the Council to submit its findings and recommendations to the General Assembly on or before July 1, 2024; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Members of the Command Staff of the Police Department - Residency Requirements. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City, beginning on or after January 1, 2022,  to require certain members of the command staff of the Police Department of Baltimore City to reside in Baltimore City; requiring a certain local law, ordinance, or policy enacted or adopted by the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to include a certain waiver, exemption, or 120-day grace period to begin residence in Baltimore City under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County - Procurement - Contract Renewal. Description: Limiting the number of times certain contracts entered into by Calvert County that require the payment of funds from appropriations of more than one fiscal year may be renewed.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission - Discrimination - Prohibited PG/MC 103-20. Description: Prohibiting the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission from  discriminating against a person on the basis of genetic information or family responsibilities; and requiring that a certain nondiscrimination provision in contracts entered into by the Commission prohibit certain discrimination based on genetic information.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Emergency Evaluations - Duties of Peace Officers and Emergency Facilities. Description: Requiring a peace officer, to the extent practicable, to notify a certain emergency facility in advance that the peace officer is bringing an emergency evaluee to the emergency facility; altering the individuals who may request that a peace officer stay with a certain evaluee; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Changes in Status - Hospital Employee Retraining and Placement. Description: Providing that the assessment of a certain fee by the State Health Services Cost Review Commission for funding the Hospital Employees Retraining Fund is to be in the case of a hospital closure, merger, or full delicensure; altering the circumstances under which hospitals are required to pay a certain fee directly to the Maryland Department of Labor; requiring certain hospitals to pay an annual direct remittance to the Department by July 1; requiring certain money from the Fund be returned to certain hospitals under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland E-Nnovation Initiative Program - Extension and Alterations. Description: Extending and altering the Maryland E-Nnovation Initiative Program; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill certain appropriations to the Maryland E-Nnovation Initiative Fund for certain fiscal years; altering certain requirements for certain individuals in certain positions funded by endowment proceeds; altering the distribution of certain revenue from the State admissions and amusement tax in a certain manner; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Time Off for Employee Voting. Description: Requiring every employer in the State to allow any employee, rather than any employee who claims to be a registered voter, in the State a certain period of absence from work to vote in an election, rather than only on election day; requiring the employee to provide reasonable proof to the employer in a timely manner that the employee  voted or attempted to vote; prohibiting an employer from taking certain actions against an employee who exercises the right under certain provisions of law to be absent from work to vote; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Agricultural Land Transfer Tax - Application of Nonagricultural Use Reduction and Exemption. Description: Clarifying that certain provisions of law concerning the method of calculating a certain reduction in the State agricultural land transfer tax apply to a transfer under a contract of sale dated on or after July 1, 2019; clarifying that a certain exemption from the State agricultural land transfer tax applies to a transfer under a contract of sale dated on or after July 1, 2019; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Attorney General – Firearm Crime, Injuries, Fatalities, and Crime Firearms – Study. Description: Requiring the Office of the Attorney General to study and identify certain information relating to certain firearm crimes, injuries, fatalities, and crime firearms; requiring all State and local law enforcement agencies and other governmental units to provide the Office of the Attorney General with all information necessary to complete the study; requiring the Office of the Attorney General to report its findings to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 1, 2020, December 1, 2021, and December 1, 2022; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Superintendent of Schools - Qualifications and Senate Confirmation. Description: Requiring that the State Superintendent of Schools be appointed with the advice and consent of the Senate; and prohibiting the appointment of an individual as State Superintendent if the individual is, or during the immediately preceding year was, a member of the State Board of Education.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Off-Sale Licenses - Assessment Districts. Description: Defining the term "assessment district" in a provision relating to the issuance of certain off-sale alcoholic beverages licenses in Anne Arundel County as a tax assessment district established by the county through local law.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Evidence - Causing Unavailability of Witness. Description: Altering certain provisions relating to the admission in evidence, during certain criminal trials, of a statement offered against a party who caused the unavailability of the declarant of the statement under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Budget - Revenue Stabilization Account Transfers - Coronavirus. Description: Allowing the Governor to transfer by budget amendment up to $50,000,000 from the Revenue Stabilization Account to fund costs associated with the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19); requiring the Governor to provide the Legislative Policy Committee with at least 7 days for review before transferring funds; requiring, within 60 days of the release of funds, the Department of Budget and Management to submit a report to the Legislative Policy Committee and the General Assembly on the use of the funds per unit of State government; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government – State of Emergency and Catastrophic Health Emergency – Authority of Governor and Unemployment Insurance Benefits(COVID–19 Public Health Emergency Protection Act of 2020). Description: Authorizing the Governor to take certain actions as a result of the issuance by the Governor on March 5, 2020, of the proclamation declaring a state of emergency for the duration of a certain emergency; providing that a certain violation is subject to certain provisions of law under certain circumstances; providing that a certain alternative workweek may allow an employee to work certain hours or shifts; requiring that an employee authorized to work an alternative workweek is considered a full-time employee; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Expansion of Commercial Gaming - Sports and Event Wagering Referendum and Minority Business Enterprise Disparity Study. Description: Providing that the General Assembly may authorize, by law, the State Lottery and Gaming Control Commission to issue certain sports and event wagering licenses; requiring certain implementing legislation to include certain criteria; declaring the intent of the General Assembly that certain revenues be used to fund public education; requiring certain State entities to contract with an appropriate expert to review a certain disparity study for certain purposes; submitting the Act to a referendum of the qualified voters of the State; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Real Estate Commission - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Real Estate Commission in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2032, the termination provisions relating to certain statutory and regulatory authority of the Commission.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Green Building Council - Membership. Description: Altering the membership of the Maryland Green Building Council by removing the Secretary of Housing and Community Development, or the Secretary's designee, as a member and substituting the Secretary of Labor, or the Secretary's designee, as a member.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Subsequent Injury Fund and Uninsured Employers’ Fund – Assessment on Awards and Settlements – Amount. Description: Altering the percentage, from 6.5% to 5.5%, of a certain assessment imposed by the Workers' Compensation Commission payable to the Subsequent Injury Fund; altering the percentage, from 1% to 2%, of a certain assessment imposed by the Commission payable to the Uninsured Employers' Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture - Maryland Egg Law - Revisions. Description: Altering the scope of certain provisions of the Maryland Egg Law to include certain eggs produced from certain poultry; requiring shell eggs produced from poultry other than domesticated chickens to be sold by net quantity; authorizing the Secretary of Agriculture to conduct certain examinations, testing, and sampling for certain purposes; specifying that shell eggs are adulterated when the shell eggs are subjected to certain contamination or conditions; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: General Assembly – Special Election to Fill a Vacancy in Office. Description: Proposing an amendment to the Maryland Constitution to require an individual appointed by the Governor to fill a vacancy in the office of Delegate or Senator in the General Assembly to serve for the remainder of the term if the vacancy occurs after a certain date; requiring that a special election be held at the same time as a certain regular statewide election to fill a vacancy in the office of Delegate or Senator in the General Assembly if the vacancy occurs on or before a certain date; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Alcoholic Beverages - Board of License Commissioners - Qualifications. Description: Requiring that each member of the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore County be a resident and voter of Baltimore County.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Professional Engineers – Qualifications for Licensure – Experience Requirement. Description: Repealing a provision of law that required a certain applicant for a license to practice engineering to have at least 5 years of work experience in responsible charge of other engineers.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Chesapeake Bay Bridge – Reconstruction Advisory Group. Description: Establishing the Chesapeake Bay Bridge Reconstruction Advisory Group for the purpose of providing the Maryland Transportation Authority with an independent, citizen-informed perspective on the Authority's operations at the Chesapeake Bay Bridge; requiring the Advisory Group to assist the Authority in assessing potential concerns and educating the public about activity related to the bridge; requiring any entity that conducts a study related to the Chesapeake Bay Bridge to report its findings and recommendations to the Advisory Group; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - State Banks, Trust Companies, and Savings Banks - Incorporators. Description: Reducing the number and altering the qualifications of the incorporators required to form a commercial bank or a savings bank in the State; repealing certain provisions relating to additional and vacant directorships of certain commercial banks; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Commissioner of Financial Regulation - Banking Institution Powers. Description: Altering the process for and circumstances under which a banking institution may engage in any additional activity, service, or other practice that is authorized for national banking associations; requiring a written notice to the Commissioner of Financial Regulation at least 45 calendar days before engaging in any additional activity; the Commissioner may prohibit certain activity or service if it is determined the performance of a certain activity would adversely affect the safety and soundness of the financial institution; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Lead Poisoning Prevention Commission. Description: Altering the membership of the Lead Poisoning Prevention Commission to include one representative each from a nonprofit focused on lead poisoning prevention issues and the American Academy of Pediatrics, Maryland Chapter; repealing certain requirements for a window replacement program; altering the subjects that the Commission may appoint a subcommittee to study to include case management, lead paint abatement service provider education and training, and blood lead testing; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: General Provisions - Commemorative Days - Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day. Description: Requiring the Governor annually to proclaim the fourth Thursday in March as Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day; and requiring the proclamation to urge educational and cultural organizations to observe Tuskegee Airmen Commemoration Day through appropriate and informative programs and activities.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Business Regulation - Trademarks, Service Marks, and Trade Names - Registration. Description: Altering certain classes of goods and services for which a person may register a mark; prohibiting a person from registering a certain name or surname as a mark; requiring an applicant for registration or renewal of a mark to submit 3 different specimens or reproductions of the mark as used; prohibiting the specimens or reproductions from including business papers, including letterhead, business cards or envelopes; requiring the Secretary of State to include a full description of the mark on a certificate of registration; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Hunting and Fishing Licenses - Active Military, Former Prisoners of War, Recipients of the Purple Heart Award, and Disabled Veterans. Description: Repealing a requirement that the Department of Natural Resources submit a certain report to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 31, 2019; and repealing the termination provision for certain provisions of law relating to the issuance of complimentary or discounted hunting and fishing licenses to certain military personnel, former prisoners of war, recipients of the Purple Heart Award, and disabled veterans.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Partnership for Workforce Quality Program - Alterations. Description: Expanding the purpose of the Partnership for Workforce Quality Program and the eligible uses of grants under the Program to include training for new employees; increasing from 60% to 80% the minimum percentage of the money available to the Program that must be reserved for certain employers and, for those employers, increasing from 150 to 500 the maximum number of employees based in the State; and establishing that a maximum of $200,000 of the money available to the Program may be provided to a certain employer.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Policy on Student Concerns About Athletic Programs and Activities - Short Title. Description: Establishing the short title "Jordan McNair Act" for Title 11, Subtitle 16 of the Education Article.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Solid Waste Management - Prohibition on Releasing a Balloon Into the Atmosphere. Description: Prohibiting a person who is at least 13 years old, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a nonprofit entity, the State, or any unit or political subdivision of the State from knowingly and intentionally releasing or causing to be released, or organizing the release of, a balloon into the atmosphere, with certain exceptions;  requiring a certain unit, officer, or official of a local government with delegated enforcement authority to report certain violations; establishing a civil penalty of $250 for a violation of the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Workgroup on Criminal and Gross Negligence. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Criminal and Gross Negligence to study and make legislative recommendations for clarifying the terms "gross negligence" and "criminal negligence"; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Workgroup; and requiring the Workgroup to report its findings and recommendations to the General Assembly on or before January 5, 2021.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Board of Community College Trustees. Description: Requiring the members of the Board of Community College Trustees for Anne Arundel County to reside in Anne Arundel County; establishing a 4-year term for nonstudent members; limiting nonstudent members to three consecutive full terms; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Board of License Commissioners Membership Revisions. Description: Requiring the Governor to appoint five members, instead of three, to the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County; requiring that members be appointed from each legislative district in Anne Arundel County; limiting the number of terms that a member of the Board may serve to 4 consecutive terms; staggering the terms of members of the Board; altering certain requirements for political diversity among members of the Board; authorizing the Board, rather than the Governor, to designate a chair of the Board; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Voting by Absentee Ballot - Prepaid Postage for Return of Ballots. Description: Requiring that certain required envelopes used by certain voters voting by absentee ballot to return their ballots include prepaid postage; requiring the State Board of Elections to reimburse each local board of elections for 50% of the costs of prepaid postage included on ballot/return envelopes or return envelopes provided to a voter voting by absentee ballot; and requiring that absentee ballots be accompanied by instructions for the postage of certain absentee ballot envelopes.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Crimes – Penalties and Procedures (Violent Firearms Offender Act of 2020). Description: Requiring the Commissioner of Correction to provide a pre-release inmate with a reentry kit that includes clothing, an identification card, contact information on reentry services, information on Medicaid and the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange and public transportation; providing that a person who uses a firearm in a the commission of a crime of violence is guilty of a felony and establishes certain penalties; establishing that a person found guilty of the theft of a firearm is guilty of a felony; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B and Class H Licenses - Renewals. Description: Requiring a license holder, before each renewal of a Class B or Class H alcoholic beverages license in Anne Arundel County, to attest in a sworn statement that the gross receipts from food sales for the 12-month period immediately preceding the application for renewal were equal to at least 51% of the gross receipts from the sale of food and alcoholic beverages sold for on-premises consumption.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Campaign Finance Violations - Injunctive Relief. Description: Authorizing a candidate to seek an immediate injunction against any violation of § 13-309(a)(3) or (6) of the Election Law Article by the campaign finance entity supporting the candidacy of any candidate for the same office.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Vehicle Height Monitoring Systems. Description: Authorizing the use of certain vehicle height monitoring systems in Baltimore County to enforce certain State and local laws restricting the presence of certain vehicles during certain times; and applying to Baltimore County certain provisions of law relating to vehicle height monitoring systems; establishing, prior to the installation height monitoring systems, a workgroup to assist in the evaluation of existing truck routes, the identification of areas for vehicle height monitoring enforcement, and the evaluation of existing signage; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Services Cost Review Commission - Duties and Reports - Revisions. Description: Altering the information required to be included in a certain annual report required to be submitted to certain persons by the Health Services Cost Review Commission; altering a certain reporting date from October 1 to May 1 each year; repealing the requirement that the Commission annually publish certain acute care hospital charges; requiring that the Commission take certain actions consistent with a certain all-payer model contract; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Commission to Advance Next Generation 9-1-1 Across Maryland - Extension and Alteration. Description: Requiring the Commission to Advance Next Generation 9-1-1 Across Maryland to report certain findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 15, 2020, and on or before December 15, 2021; and extending the termination date for the Commission by 2 years to June 30, 2022.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Homeowners' and Renters' Property Tax Credits - Deadlines. Description: Extending from September 1 to October 1 the deadlines by which certain applicants may apply for the homeowners' and renters' property tax credits; requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation to make available certain homeowners' tax credit application forms by the February 15 preceding the taxable year in which the homeowners' property tax credit is sought; changing from May 1 to April 15 the deadline by which applicants must submit their homeowners' tax credit applications to be reflected on a county's tax bill; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Human Services - Food Supplement Program - Renaming. Description: Renaming the food supplement program in the Department of Human Services to be the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; providing that the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program is the successor of the food supplement program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Petitions and Ballot Questions - Plain Language Requirement. Description: Requiring that the signature page of a petition seeking to place a question on the ballot provide, under certain circumstances, certain information in plain language reasonably calculated to be understood by an individual who has attained no higher than a grade 6 level of reading comprehension; requiring that a certain statement about the purpose of a question on the ballot be in plain language reasonably calculated to be understood by an individual who has attained no higher than a grade 6 level of reading comprehension; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Petition of Support. Description: Repealing, in Anne Arundel County, the requirement that certain applicants for certain local alcoholic beverages licenses include a petition of support with the license application.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County – Illegal Dumping and Litter Control Law – Adoption of Local Ordinance. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Anne Arundel County to adopt a certain ordinance to prohibit littering and to impose certain criminal and civil penalties.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - 9-1-1 Fees - Audits. Description: Requiring telephone companies and commercial mobile radio service (CMRS) providers to keep records of 9-1-1 fees collected and remitted for at least 4 years after the fees are remitted; requiring the Comptroller, in consultation with the Emergency Number Systems Board, to adopt procedures for auditing surcharge collection and remittance by telephones companies and CMRS providers; providing the Comptroller is entitled to .5% of the fees to cover the expense of conducting audits; authorizing the Comptroller to adopt certain regulations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Property Tax Credit for Newly Constructed Dwellings - Reauthorization and Modification. Description: Reauthorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to grant, by law, a certain property tax credit against the property tax imposed on certain newly constructed dwellings in Baltimore City, subject to certain limitations; expanding the tax credit program to authorize the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to grant, by law, the property tax credit to certain owners of certain substantially rehabilitated dwellings; providing that the property tax credit may not be granted on or after July 1, 2025; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Pretrial Release – Pretrial Risk Scoring Instruments. Description: Requiring a jurisdiction that uses a pretrial risk scoring instrument to assist in determining the eligibility for pretrial release of an individual charged with a crime to have an independent validation study of the instrument conducted at least once every 5 years; making an independent validation study conducted in accordance with the Act for a certain instrument used in a certain pretrial services program eligible for funding from the Pretrial Services Program Grant Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages – Class A, A–2, and A–7 Licenses – Surveillance System. Description: Providing that an application for a certain license renewal is not complete without a certain affidavit; extending in Baltimore City the time during which the Board of License Commissioners may issue a Class A-7 license; altering the hours of operation for a holder of a Class A-7 license; requiring the holder of a Class A license, Class A-2 license, or Class A-7 license to install and operate a digital surveillance system on the licensed premises in accordance with regulations that the Board adopts; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Institutions - Correctional Education Council - Mandatory Education Program Requirements. Description: Increasing, from 120 to 240, the minimum number of calendar days that the Correctional Education Council must require certain inmates in correctional institutions to participate in a certain mandatory education program.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Pilots - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the State Board of Pilots in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2032, the termination provisions relating to certain statutory and regulatory authority of the Board.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Members of the Command Staff of the Police Department - Residency Requirements. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City, beginning on or after January 1, 2022, to require members of the command staff, at the rank of colonel or deputy commissioner, of the Police Department of Baltimore City to reside in Baltimore City; requiring a certain local law, ordinance, or policy enacted or adopted by the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to include a certain waiver, exemption, or 120-day grace period to begin residence in Baltimore City under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 45th District - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B-D-7 License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a Class B-D-7 license in the 5400 block of Harford Road in the 45th alcoholic beverages district if the applicant meets certain requirements.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Marine Contractors Licensing Board - Authority, Program Evaluation, and Termination. Description: Establishing that the Marine Contractors Licensing Board is subject to the Maryland Program Evaluation Act; establishing that the Board is a unit in the Department of the Environment; authorizing the Board, by regulation, to establish certain license categories; requiring the Board to include a license category on each license issued by the Board; providing for the termination of the Board and certain provisions of law relating to the Board after July 1, 2031; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Fishing and Hunting Rights. Description: Stating certain findings of the General Assembly related to the value of fishing and hunting to the cultural and social heritage and the economy of the State; and establishing that it is the intent of the General Assembly that residents of the State have a right to fish and to hunt subject to regulations and restrictions under laws that the General Assembly enacts.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Important Documents and Identification Cards – Inmates. Description: Requiring the Commissioner of Correction, on taking custody of an inmate and with the inmate's written consent, to begin the process of obtaining the inmate's birth certificate; requiring the Commissioner to return certain documents to the inmate on the inmate's release; requiring each local correctional facility to develop and implement a policy for assisting inmates to obtain identification cards issued by the Motor Vehicle Administration; requiring that a certain report be made to the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Gaming - Video Lottery Facilities and Licenses - Definitions. Description: Altering the definition of "video lottery facility" to include a casino for the purposes of the federal Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 and its related regulations; and altering the definitions of "video lottery facility" and "video lottery operation license" to include the operation of table games.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Intrastate Emergency Management Assistance Compact. Description: Renaming the Maryland Emergency Management Assistance Compact to be the Maryland Intrastate Emergency Management Assistance Compact; altering the purpose of the Compact to provide emergency management mutual assistance among jurisdictions and mutual cooperation in emergency management-related activities; requiring a certain official to designate more than one authorized representative for receiving requests for assistance; requiring written requests for assistance to include the functional areas for which assistance is needed; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Emergency Management - Continuity Planning. Description: Requiring certain principal departments of the Executive Branch to develop, annually update, and submit to the Maryland Emergency Management Agency (MEMA) continuity of operations plans to address the impact of a certain emergency or crisis; requiring certain continuity of operations plans to include certain information; requiring MEMA to develop certain guidelines and to serve as a coordinating agency; stating the intent of the General Assembly that MEMA implement certain provisions of law with existing personnel and resources; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Management of eMaryland Marketplace. Description: Providing that the Department of General Services has sole management responsibility for eMaryland Marketplace.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Delivery of Notices and Communications by Electronic Means - Authorized. Description: Authorizing a unit of State government to deliver certain notices and communications to an individual by electronic means, instead of by first-class mail, if the individual has consented to receive such notices or communications; providing that delivery of a certain notice or communication in a certain manner shall be considered equivalent to delivery by first-class mail; establishing certain requirements, procedures, and conditions for the delivery of a communication or notice by electronic means, instead of by first-class mail; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Funeral Establishments and Crematories - Unclaimed Cremains of Veterans - Notification, Disposition, and Reporting. Description: Specifying that the purpose for which licensed funeral establishments and holders of certain permits are authorized to transfer unclaimed cremains of a veteran or an eligible dependent to a veterans service organization under certain circumstances is for the appropriate disposition of the cremains; requiring a funeral establishment or crematory to transfer certain cremains to the Department of Veterans Affairs for the purpose of the appropriate disposition of the cremains; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Abandoned Property in Possession of a Museum. Description: Authorizing certain museums located in the State to claim title to  property that is on permanent loan or that was loaned for a certain term that has expired by giving notice that the museum is terminating the loan of the property; authorizing a museum to take possession of certain property if the lender fails to respond to a notice provided by certified mail within 60 days; authorizing a museum to acquire a certain lien for the costs of certain conservation measures taken on the property; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Veterans Service Animal Program - Definitions. Description: Defining the terms "service dog", "support dog", and "therapy horse" for the purposes of the provisions of law governing the Maryland Veterans Service Animal Program in the Department of Veterans Affairs.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Individuals Released From Correctional Facilities - Voter Registration. Description: Requiring a correctional facility to provide an inmate who has completed a sentence of imprisonment for a felony conviction with a voter registration form before releasing the inmate; requiring a correctional facility to inform the inmate that the inmate may have the right to vote after the inmate's release from the correctional facility if qualified to be a registered voter under certain provisions of law, and the inmate must register to vote after the inmate's release to exercise the right to vote; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Secretary of Agriculture - Weed Control Law. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into an agreement with a county or other subdivision of the State to conduct surveys and perform other work related to noxious weeds or other plant species within the county or subdivision; providing that the agreement between the Secretary and the county or subdivision of the State may be terminated by either party on 30 days' written notice; and defining "subdivision of the State" to include a soil conservation district.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Nonresident Insurance Producers - Cancellation. Description: Requiring the holder of a nonresident insurance producer license to maintain a current license as a resident insurance producer in good standing in the holder's home state; authorizing the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to cancel a nonresident producer license after receiving notification that the producer no longer has a home state license; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Registration – Exception for Golf Carts – Hoopers Island and Taylors Island. Description: Creating an exception from motor vehicle registration requirements under certain circumstances for golf carts on Upper or Middle Hoopers Island or Taylors Island in Dorchester County; providing that a person who operates a golf cart on a highway on Upper or Middle Hoopers Island or Taylors Island may operate the golf cart only on highways on which the maximum speed does not exceed 30 miles per hour between dawn and dusk and only if the golf cart is equipped with certain lighting devices; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Adjusters - Disbursement of Insurance Settlement Payments. Description: Obligating public adjusters to disburse insurance settlement payments received on behalf of the insured within 15 business days after the date of the payment from an insurer.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Third Party Administrators - Term and Reinstatement of Registration. Description: Altering the date on which a third party administrator's registration expires to 2 years from the date of issuance rather than every other June 30; providing that in order for a renewal of registration to be considered made in a timely manner it must be postmarked on or before the date the registration expires; increasing the period of time during which a third party administrator may reinstate an expired registration from 3 months to 1 year; increasing the amount of the reinstatement fee for an expired registration to $100; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Private Passenger Motor Vehicle Liability Insurance - Protests - Consumer Complaint Portal. Description: Authorizing insureds to protest certain proposed actions of insurers, with respect to a policy of private passenger motor vehicle liability insurance or a binder of private passenger motor vehicle liability insurance, by filing the protest electronically through the consumer complaint portal on the Maryland Insurance Administration's website within 30 days after the mailing date on the notice of proposed action; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Technical Correction and Required Conformity With Federal Law. Description: Requiring a certain carrier to provide an open enrollment period for eligible employees and dependents who gain access to new qualified health plans as a result of a permanent move and who had coverage for prenatal care or services or had medically needy coverage as described in certain federal regulations for 1 or more days during the 60 days before the date of the permanent move.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance Benefit Cards, Prescription Benefit Cards, and Other Technology - Identification of Regulatory Agency. Description: Clarifying that certain provisions of law and certain provisions of this Act apply to managed care organizations and certain pharmacy benefits managers; requiring certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, health maintenance organizations, and managed care organizations to indicate in a certain manner on a health insurance benefit card or prescription benefit card or other technology which State agency regulates the policy or contract offered by the entity; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Dorchester County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class C Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Dorchester County, rather than the Dorchester County Council, to issue a Class C beer, wine, and liquor license; altering the authorized holders of the license to include a nonprofit organization operating on certain premises known as Governors Hall at Sailwinds Park under certain circumstances rather than Sailwinds of Cambridge, Inc.; and requiring the Board, rather than the County Council, to remit the $1,000 license fee under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Court Dog and Child Witness Program - Established. Description: Establishing the Court Dog and Child Witness Program to provide a facility dog or therapy dog to a child witness in any circuit court proceeding or other related court process, meeting, or interview; providing participation in the Program by a circuit court is voluntary; requiring participating courts to adhere to the procedures adopted by the Administrative Office of the Courts; requiring the Administrative Office of the Courts to develop a plan to implement the Program and ensure the details are publicly available; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vital Records - Birth Certificates - Change of Name of Child. Description: Altering the circumstances under which the Maryland Department of Health has the authority to change the name on a birth certificate without a court order to allow the Department, if only one parent is named on the birth certificate of the child, to change the name on receipt of certain documents from the parent named on the birth certificate; and providing that only one affidavit signed by both parents named on the birth certificate is required under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Diagnostic Evaluation and Treatment of Patients - Disciplinary Actions (The Patient's Access to Integrative Healthcare Act of 2020). Description: Prohibiting health occupations boards and disciplinary panels from reprimanding a licensee or certificate holder, placing a licensee or certificate holder on probation, or suspending or revoking a license of a licensee or the certificate of a certificate holder solely on the basis of a licensee's or certificate holder's use of a diagnostic evaluation or treatment that is integrative, complementary, alternative, or nonconventional, including in the treatment of Lyme disease or tick-borne illnesses.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Wage Payment and Collection - Order to Pay Wages. Description: Increasing from $3,000 to $5,000 the maximum amount of wages included in a complaint for failure to pay wages that initiates a certain procedure for resolving wage complaints and for which the Commissioner of Labor and Industry is authorized to issue an order to pay wages.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax Exemption – Disabled Active Duty Service Members, Disabled Veterans, and Surviving Spouses – Refund. Description: Requiring the State, a county, or a municipal corporation to pay a certain refund to a disabled active duty service member, disabled veteran, or surviving spouse under certain circumstances; requiring the State, a county, or a municipal corporation to pay interest on the refund under certain circumstances; and applying the Act retroactively to be applied to and interpreted to affect all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2017.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Universal and Variable Life Insurance - Notice. Description: Requiring certain insurers to send a written notice to policyholders of universal or variable life insurance if the policy contains a provision that allows the policyholder to reduce the face amount of the policy; requiring that the notice state that the policy allows for a reduction of the face amount as an option to retain coverage and a certain amount to be paid; and requiring that the notice be sent to the policyholder's last known address at the beginning of a certain grace period and at least 30 days before the termination of coverage.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Health Information - Disclosures Between Carriers. Description: Requiring a carrier to disclose protected health information to another carrier for case management and care coordination activities under certain circumstances; requiring any request for or disclosure of protected health information to comply with certain federal laws and regulations; requiring a carrier to provide a certain individual access to the records being disclosed on request; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Nuisance Organisms - Pilot Projects and Northern Snakeheads. Description: Authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to adopt regulations to conduct pilot projects to demonstrate and evaluate new approaches for the management and control of nuisance organisms; and authorizing the holder of a commercial northern snakehead license to use hook and line gear.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Annual and Personal Property Reports - Submission. Description: Altering the reference to a certain report that certain entities are required to file each year with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation from a report on personal property to an annual report; altering the reference to a certain report the Department may require certain entities to file to the report on personal property; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Home Improvement Commission - Sunset Extension. Description: Continuing the Maryland Home Improvement Commission in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending to July 1, 2032, the termination provisions relating to certain statutory and regulatory authority of the Commission.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Estate Appraisers and Real Estate Appraiser Trainees - Licenses and Certificates - Experience, Renewal, and Reinstatement Requirements. Description: Altering, from 2,000 to 1,000, the number of hours of experience required of an applicant to qualify for a real estate appraisal license for residential or general real estate appraisal and from 2,000 to 1,500, the number of hours of experience required of an applicant to qualify for a certificate for residential or general real estate appraisal; increasing from 2 to 3 years the time period during which an individual may apply for reinstatement of a certain license or a certain certificate to provide certain services ;etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Land Use - Alcohol Production and Agricultural Alcohol Production. Description: Defining the terms "alcohol production" and "agricultural alcohol production"; authorizing a local jurisdiction to adopt the definitions of "alcohol production" and "agricultural alcohol production" by local ordinance, resolution, law, or rule; and providing for the application of the Act to charter counties.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax - Aircraft Parts and Equipment - Exemption. Description: Providing an exemption from the sales and use tax for materials, parts, and equipment used to repair, maintain, or upgrade aircraft or the avionics systems of aircraft if the materials, parts, or equipment are installed on the aircraft; requiring the Comptroller to report to the General Assembly by December 31 each year on the amount of sales and use tax revenue lost from the exemption and any change to the number of aviation technicians employed in the State as a result of the exemption; terminating the Act after June 30, 2025; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Health Benefit Exchange – Assessment Applicability and State–Based Individual Market Health Insurance Subsidies. Description: Clarifying the applicability of a certain assessment by the State to certain entities for certain products that were subject to § 9010 of the Affordable Care Act, as in effect on December 1,2019; and requiring the Maryland Health Benefit Exchange to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2020, on certain information related to establishing State-based individual market health insurance subsidies in Maryland.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Private Passenger Motor Vehicle Insurance - Prohibition on Cancellation Due to Towing or Emergency Roadside Coverage Claims. Description: Prohibiting an insurer from canceling, refusing to renew, or otherwise terminating coverage for a private passenger motor vehicle insurance policy based on claims made under the policy's towing or emergency roadside coverage; authorizing an insurer to remove towing or emergency roadside service coverage from a certain policy at renewal based on the number of claims pursuant to the towing coverage; and authorizing an insurer to increase a premium of a private passenger motor vehicle insurance policy as a result of certain claims.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Entertainment Facilities. Description: Specifying the manner in which the holder of an entertainment facility license in Anne Arundel County may sell beer, wine, and liquor; altering the scope of certain entertainment that may be performed in the licensed premises; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to authorize the sale of alcoholic beverages for a promotional event in certain areas adjacent to the entertainment facility; authorizing the Board to revoke a certain license after a finding that a certain activity has occurred; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Local Government – Animal Control Facilities – Adoption Fee Waiver for Veterans(Pets for Vets Act of 2020). Description: Requiring an animal control facility operated by a county or municipality to waive the adoption fee for a dog or cat for a veteran who presents a valid driver's license or identification card that includes a notation of veteran status; authorizing an animal control facility to limit the number of adoption fee waivers granted to an individual under the Act to one dog and one cat within a 6-month period; and applying the Act to all counties and municipalities.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Campaign Finance - Protection of Contributor Information. Description: Prohibiting a person from using contributor information from any report or statement required under provisions of law governing campaign finance for commercial solicitation purposes; and prohibiting a person from publishing contributor information from any report or statement required under provisions of law governing campaign finance in newspapers, magazines, books, or other similar media for the purpose of facilitating commercial solicitation.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages – License Requirements – Citizenship. Description: Requiring alcoholic beverages license holders to have lawful status in the United States.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Highways - Commercial Signs in Rights-of-Way - Penalties. Description: Increasing the maximum civil penalty applicable to a violation for affixing a commercial sign to a State highway sign, signal, or marker in the State highway right-of-way to $100 per commercial sign affixed; and clarifying certain language establishing a civil penalty for a violation of the prohibition against placing or maintaining commercial signs in a State highway right-of-way.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax - Assessment Reviews - Aids in Reviewing Property. Description: Requiring the State Department of Assessments and Taxation, whenever practicable, to seek to obtain certain material or information that the Department considers to be a reliable aid in determining real property value from other State agencies on request of the owner of the real property under review when conducting certain reviews of real property assessments.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection – Electronic Transactions – Sale and Lease of Vehicles. Description: Providing that only a dealer may contract for the sale and delivery of a vehicle by electronic means under certain circumstances; providing that a consumer shall be deemed not to have agreed to enter into a transaction for the sale or lease of a vehicle with a dealer by electronic means unless the dealer provides the consumer with certain documents and a reasonable opportunity to review the documents before providing an electronic signature; requiring that a vehicle be delivered at a certain location and within a certain time period; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - State's Attorney's Office and Child Support Administration - Transfer of Personnel. Description: Transferring the functions, powers, and duties of the Child Support Unit of the Office of the State's Attorney for Harford County to the Child Support Administration of the Department of Human Services;  providing for the determination of salary grade and seniority for transferred employees; requiring certain employer contributions and interest on behalf of certain transferred employees be transferred within the accumulation fund for the Employees' Pension System from the municipal pool to the State pool; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Service of Process - Detention Center Employees. Description: Expanding the authority of a certain individual who is designated to serve criminal process by the administrator of the local detention center in Harford County to serve process within the Circuit Court for Harford County and the District Court of Maryland for Harford County.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Correction in Issuance of Class C License. Description: Repealing a provision allowing the Baltimore City Board of License Commissioners to issue a Class C beer, wine, and liquor license in the 45th alcoholic beverages district.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of Legislative Audits - Audits of the Baltimore Police Department. Description: Requiring the Office of Legislative Audits to conduct a certain audit or audits of the Baltimore Police Department; specifying that the scope and objectives of a certain audit or audits shall be determined by the Legislative Auditor; requiring the Baltimore City government to make available to the Office of Legislative Audits all City employees, records, and information systems deemed necessary by the Legislative Auditor to conduct the required audit or audits; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Salaries of Inspectors. Description: Raising the salaries of part-time inspectors employed by the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County from $10,000 to $11,000 for one part-time chief inspector, from $8,000 to $9,000 for one part-time deputy chief inspector, and for other part-time inspectors from $6,000 to $7,000 annually.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Recreational License Donation Program and Healing Hunting and Fishing Fund - Revisions. Description: Requiring the Department of Natural Resources to establish a process for an individual purchasing certain licenses and stamps in a certain manner to make a voluntary monetary donation to the Healing Hunting and Fishing Fund; requiring the Department to collect donations and deposit them into the Fund; authorizing the Chesapeake Bay Trust to make grants to eligible sponsor organizations that provide opportunities to benefit veterans or members of the Armed Forces of the United States; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Application Subject to Creditor Claim. Description: Limiting the types of creditor claims for which the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County is required to adhere to certain guidelines before approving certain related license applications; and authorizing the Board to approve an application for the transfer or issuance of a license that is subject to a certain claim by a creditor if there is an amicable resolution of the claim or there is a judicial determination on the claim.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax Credit - Class F Vehicles - Extension. Description: Extending, from January 1, 2020, to January 1, 2023, the taxable years for which individuals or corporations may claim a State income tax credit for the expense of registering certain qualified vehicles in the State.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law – Absentee Voting – References in Public Communications and Prepaid Postage for Return of Ballots. Description: Requiring the State Board of Elections and each local board of elections to refer to absentee ballots as "mail-in ballots" and absentee voting as "mail-in voting" in all communications; requiring the State Board and each local board to include in public communications a statement that "mail-in voting" is referred to as absentee voting in the Maryland Constitution, the Annotated Code of Maryland, and the Code of Maryland Regulations; making provision for absentee ballots to include prepaid return postage; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Kratom – Prohibited Purchase, Distribution, or Sale. Description: Prohibiting a person from purchasing for, distributing, or selling kratom to an individual under the age of 18 years of age, except under certain circumstances; providing it is a defense in a prosecution under the Act that the defendant examined the purchaser's driver's license or other valid identification that positively identified the purchaser or recipient as at least 18 years of age; establishing that a violation of the Act is a civil penalty; providing for the issuance and prosecution of a civil citation issued under the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Orphans' Courts - Appeals - Procedures. Description: Requiring a certain appeal from a final judgment of an orphans' court to be made by filing a certain notice, rather than a certain order; extending from 30 days to 60 days the standard period of time within which the register of wills must transmit all pleadings and orders of the proceedings to the court to which the appeal is taken; applying the Act prospectively; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Estate Recoveries - Presentation of Claims Against Medicaid Recipients. Description: Altering the period of time within which the Maryland Department of Health must present a claim against the estate of a deceased Maryland Medical Assistance Program recipient before the claim is barred.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Closed Estates - Subsequent Discovery of Check. Description: Authorizing a court, following the discovery of a check to a decedent or the estate of a decedent payable for a sum not exceeding $1,000 after the estate is closed and the appointment of the personal representative is terminated, to enter an order authorizing a certain interested person to indorse and deposit the check into the interested person's bank account for the limited purpose of distributing the funds in a certain manner; providing that a hearing is not required before a court may enter a certain order; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Rule Against Perpetuities. Description: Limiting a statutory exception to the common-law rule against perpetuities that provides that the rule does not apply to an option of a tenant to purchase all or part of the premises leased by the tenant to an option that is exercisable only during the term of the lease; and providing for the prospective application of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Recordation of Deeds - Assignments of Rents and Assignments of Leases for Security Purposes. Description: Exempting a certain assignment of rents or assignment of leases for security purposes from certain requirements related to recordation; and authorizing a certain assignment of rents or assignment of leases for security purposes prepared by an attorney or one of the parties named in the instrument to be recorded without a certain certification.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Consumer Protection - Mobile Home Purchasers. Description: Requiring, except under certain circumstances, certain lenders to serve on the borrower at least 30 day before a lender repossesses a mobile home a written notice of the lender's intention to repossess a certain mobile home; providing that a mobile home retailer has a duty of good faith and fair dealing in providing financial information to a prospective consumer borrower; prohibiting a mobile home retailer from steering a prospective consumer borrower to certain financing products; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Handgun Qualification License - Training Requirement - Exemption. Description: Exempting an applicant for a handgun qualification license from the  requirement to complete a firearms safety training course if the applicant is a certain retired law enforcement officer or a certain active or retired correctional officer, sheriff, or deputy sheriff who has successfully completed an initial correctional officer, sheriff, or deputy sheriff firearms training course approved by the Secretary of State Police.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Lodging Establishments - Accessible Rooms for Individuals With Disabilities - Bed Height. Description: Requiring each room accessible for individuals with disabilities in a lodging establishment to be furnished with a bed of at least a certain height, beginning December 31, 2021; requiring 25% by December 31, 2021, 50% by December 31, 2022, 75% by December 31, 2023, and 100% beginning December 31, 2024 of accessible rooms in a lodging establishment to be furnished with a bed of a certain height; and defining the term "accessible room" as one that is in compliance with certain Americans with Disabilities Act guidelines; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City Community College - Procurement Authority. Description: Exempting Baltimore City Community College from certain provisions of the State procurement law; requiring the Board of Trustees of the College, subject to review and approval by the Board of Public Works and the Joint Committee on Administrative, Executive, and Legislative Review, to develop certain policies and procedures governing procurement; requiring the Board of Trustees to develop an information technology plan that meets certain requirements; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Bay Restoration Fund - Authorized Uses. Description: Altering the criteria for determining the use of funds in the Bay Restoration Fund for certain purposes in certain fiscal years to include climate resiliency and flood control; and specifying that certain grants to certain local governments may be used for stormwater management measures that include stormwater measures relating to climate resiliency or flood control.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Crimes - Hate Crimes - Use of an Item or a Symbol to Threaten or Intimidate. Description: Prohibiting a person from placing or inscribing an item or a symbol, including an actual or depicted noose or swastika, whether temporary or permanent, on any real or personal property, public or private, without the express permission of the owner, owner's agent, or lawful occupant of the property, with the intent to threaten or intimidate any person or group of persons; and establishing that a penalty of imprisonment not exceeding 3 years or a fine not exceeding $5,000 or both applies to a violation of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Board Meetings. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to publish a meeting agenda not less than 1 week before the meeting; requiring the Board to broadcast via live stream every open meeting online; altering the timing requirement for publication of meeting minutes to not later than 1 month after a meeting; and requiring the Board to archive and store recordings of each open meeting for not less than 3 years and records of minutes of each open meeting for not less than 7 years.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Home Builder Guaranty Fund - Award Limitations - Revisions. Description: Increasing the total amount of awards, from $300,000 to $500,000, the Consumer Protection Division of the Office of the Attorney General is authorized to pay to all claimants for acts or omissions of one registered home builder from the Home Builder Guaranty Fund.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Industry Automobile Insurance Association - Board of Directors. Description: Altering the nominating entity for four board members of the Industry Automobile Insurance Association to reflect the merger of the American Insurance Association and the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America into the American Property Casualty Insurance Association.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Drugs and Devices - Electronic Prescriptions - Controlled Dangerous Substances. Description: Authorizing certain controlled dangerous substance prescriptions to be dispensed on an electronic prescription; requiring, except under certain circumstances, a certain health practitioner to issue a prescription for a controlled dangerous substance using an electronic prescription; authorizing an authorized prescriber to issue a written or oral prescription for a controlled dangerous substance only under certain circumstances; authorizing the Secretary of Health to issue certain waivers; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Insurance - Credit for Reinsurance Model Law - Revisions. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to defer to, rather than use information provided by, the insurance regulatory agency of a state or the National Association of Insurance Commissioners committee process in the certification or rating of an assuming insurer under certain circumstances; requiring that certain credit be allowed when certain reinsurance is ceded to certain assuming insurers that have their head offices or are domiciled in and licensed in a reciprocal jurisdiction; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Violations of the Maryland Dentistry Act - Penalties and Cease and Desist Orders. Description: Authorizing the State Board of Dental Examiners to issue a cease and desist order for certain violations; increasing certain penalties for certain acts related to the unauthorized practice of dentistry or dental hygiene; altering from a misdemeanor to a felony penalties for violating certain provisions of law related to dental laboratory work or advertising a dental appliance by increasing the fine to up to $2,000 per day, instead of a one-time fine, or imprisonment of up to 2 years, rather than 6 months; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Ground Leases - Past Due Ground Rent. Description: Clarifying that a ground lease holder may not bring any suit, action, or proceeding against the current leasehold tenant or a former leasehold tenant to recover the ground rent that was due and owing before the date the current leasehold tenant acquired title to the leasehold interest if the ground lease was not registered in accordance with certain law prior to the date the current leasehold tenant acquired title, notwithstanding any other provision of law.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Carriers and For-Hire Driving Services - Nonprofit Organizations and Volunteer Drivers. Description: Providing that a motor carrier permit is not required for transportation services that a nonprofit organization provides through the use of a volunteer driver and the volunteer driver's personal vehicle; altering the definition of "transportation network services"; and providing that a nonprofit organization that provides transportation for remuneration to clients of certain services may not be required to obtain a motor carrier permit.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Driver’s Licenses Confiscated for Real ID Compliance – Issuance and Display of Recall Notice. Description: Authorizing certain individuals to satisfy the requirement to possess and display a driver's license while driving a motor vehicle by carrying and displaying a certain recall notice issued under the Act within the previous 10 days; requiring a law enforcement officer who confiscates an individual's driver's license for certain reasons to provide the holder of the license with a certain recall notice; and requiring the Motor Vehicle Administration to develop the form for the recall notice and provide the form to law enforcement agencies.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Dental Examiners - Practice of Dentistry - Revisions. Description: Requiring a dental practice to be owned by a licensed dentist or a dental professional corporation; establishing that only a certain individual licensed by the State Board of Dental Examiners may take certain actions; prohibiting any person who is not a licensed dentist to direct, control, or interfere with the independent professional judgement of a dentist or dental hygienist regarding the care of a certain patient; prohibiting a licensed dentist from sharing revenues or splitting fees except under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums - Responsibility for Property Insurance Deductibles. Description: Specifying that the council of unit owners' property insurance deductible is a common expense if the cause of any damage to the condominium originates from an event outside the condominium units and common elements; increasing, from $5,000 to $10,000, the maximum amount of the council of unit owners' property insurance deductible for which a unit owner is responsible; applying the Act to all policies of property and casualty insurance issued, delivered, or renewed in the State to a condominium council of unit owners; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Wicomico County - Landlord and Tenant - Repossession for Failure to Pay Rent - Procedures. Description: Authorizing a landlord in Wicomico County to repossess property for failure to pay rent in a certain manner if judgement is given in favor of the landlord; requiring the landlord to provide a written notice of an intended repossession to a certain tenant in a certain manner; establishing a certain rebuttable presumption; requiring a sheriff to notify the District Court if the sheriff reasonably believes notice of the intended repossession has not been provided; applying the Act prospectively; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Administration – Authority to Suspend Registration for Violations Recorded by Traffic Control Signal Monitoring Systems and Speed Monitoring Systems – Repeal. Description: Repealing the Motor Vehicle Administration's authority to suspend the registration of a motor vehicle if the owner or driver of the motor vehicle fails to pay the penalty assessed for certain violations recorded by a traffic control signal monitoring system or a speed monitoring system.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Manufacturers and Dealers – Prices Listed on Dealer Websites. Description: Providing that a manufacturer, distributor, or factory branch may not prohibit a dealer from listing on the dealer's website a vehicle for sale or lease at the purchase price or coerce or require a dealer to list a price different from the purchase price on the dealer's website or take an adverse action against a dealer for listing a vehicle at a particular price on the dealer's website; and defining "purchase price" as the full delivered price of a vehicle, excluding taxes, title fees, and certain other dealer charges.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Firearms - Right to Purchase, Possess, and Carry - Use of Medical Cannabis. Description: Providing that a person may not be denied the right to purchase, possess, or carry a firearm solely on the basis that the person is authorized to use medical cannabis.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Notice of License Application. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to fulfill a certain notice requirement by posting online a completed application for an alcoholic beverages license at least 10 days before the application hearing; and altering a certain notice provision to require the applicant for an alcoholic beverages license, rather than the Board, to post a suitable notice at the location described in the application for at least 10 days before the application hearing.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B-D-7 License. Description: Clarifying certain provisions on the hours of sale, in Baltimore City, for Class B-D-7 beer, wine, and liquor license holders to include that the hours of sale are 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. in the area bounded by Liberty Heights Avenue, Northern Parkway, Druid Park Drive, and Wabash Avenue; and making conforming changes.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Professional Counselors and Therapists - Sunset Extension and Program Evaluation. Description: Continuing the State Board of Professional Counselors and Therapists by extending to July 1, 2026, the termination provisions relating to statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; repealing the requirement that the Board submit a certain semiannual report to the Department of Legislative Services; requiring the Board to submit a  report on the progress made implementing certain recommendations to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before October 1, 2020, and every 6 months thereafter until October 1, 2025: etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax Exemption – Qualified Opportunity Zones in Baltimore County and Target Redevelopment Areas in Washington County. Description: Providing an exemption from the sales and use tax for certain construction material or warehousing equipment purchased solely for use in a qualified opportunity zone or target redevelopment area in Baltimore County or Washington County under certain circumstances; requiring a buyer claiming the exemption to provide a vendor evidence of eligibility issued by the Comptroller; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Corporation Act - Revisions. Description: Revising the Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Corporation Act; altering the persons to whom and circumstances under which the Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Corporation is required to provide certain coverage; providing that the Act does not provide coverage to persons who acquire the right to receive certain payments; altering the policies and contracts issued by member insurers that may not be provided coverage under the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners – Cease and Desist Orders and Civil Penalties. Description: Authorizing, on review and approval of the Secretary of Agriculture or the Secretary's designee, the State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners to issue a cease and desist order against a person who practices, attempts to practice, or offers to practice veterinary medicine in violation of certain laws or takes certain actions; specifying that a civil penalty imposed under the Act may not exceed $5,000 for a first offense or $10,000 for a second or subsequent offense; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Budget Bill (Fiscal Year 2021). Description: Making the proposed appropriations contained in the State Budget for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2021, in accordance with Article III, Section 52 of the Maryland Constitution; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Creation of a State Debt - Maryland Consolidated Capital Bond Loan of 2020, and the Maryland Consolidated Capital Bond Loans of 2013, 2014, 2016, 2017, and 2019. Description: Authorizing the creation of a State Debt in the amount of One Billion, One Hundred and Eight Million, One Hundred Fourteen Thousand Dollars ($1,108,114,000), the proceeds to be used for certain necessary building, construction, demolition, planning, renovation, conversion, replacement, and capital equipment purchases of the State, for acquiring certain real estate in connection therewith, and for grants to certain subdivisions and other organizations for certain development and improvement purposes; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Budget Reconciliation and Financing Act of 2020. Description: Authorizing, altering, or requiring the distribution and payment of certain revenue in certain fiscal years; altering to fiscal year 2026 the year by which the Maryland Agricultural and Resource-Based Industry Development Corporation is to become self-sufficient; requiring, for purposes of creating certain redistricting plans, the Department of Planning and the Department of Legislative Services to enter into a certain memorandum of understanding regarding incarcerated individuals; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Information Act - Denial of Part of a Public Record - Investigations by Inspectors General. Description: Authorizing a custodian to deny inspection of records of investigations conducted by or investigatory files compiled by an inspector general whose office is created by State law or the laws of a political subdivision of the State.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Liquor Licenses - Transfer of License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to allow an approved applicant to transfer an alcoholic beverages license to other premises within one-half mile of the premises for which the license was issued if the premises is substantially destroyed by fire, explosion, or catastrophe, taken by condemnation, taken by the exercise of the power of eminent domain, or no longer leased by the license holder due to the delay of a court case or other administrative process delay; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Automobile Insurance – Usage–Based Insurance. Description: Establishing that the application of a certain insurance program on vehicle operation during the current policy period is not a violation of certain restrictions on classification for private passenger motor vehicle insurance; requiring that a certain notice include information for a premium increase that is due to a program that measures the operation of an insured vehicle during the current policy period; prohibiting an insurer from requiring a policyholder to participate in a usage-based program to obtain motor vehicle insurance; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Overtaking and Passing Bicycles. Description: Authorizing the driver of a vehicle to drive on the left side of the roadway in a no-passing zone to overtake and pass at a safe distance a bicycle traveling in the same direction in accordance with a certain provision of law and in a certain manner.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Ethics - Executive Branch - Lobbying by Former Secretaries of Principal Departments (Shut the Revolving Door Act of 2020). Description: Prohibiting, subject to a certain exception, a former secretary of a principal department of the Executive Branch from assisting or representing another party for compensation, for 1 calendar year from the date the secretary leaves State office, in a matter that is the subject of legislative action.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Motion to Vacate Judgment - Human Trafficking (True Freedom Act of 2020). Description: Altering the eligibility for the filing of a certain motion to vacate judgment if the person's participation in the offense was a direct result of being a victim of human trafficking; requiring that a certain motion be served on a certain State's Attorney; requiring that a certain motion be mailed to a victim or victim's representative at a certain address if the qualifying offense occurred within 5 years before the filing of the motion; requiring the court to take certain factors into consideration when making a certain finding; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Unaccompanied Minors in Need of Shelter and Supportive Services. Description: Authorizing a certain unaccompanied minor in need of shelter to consent to shelter and supportive services under certain circumstances; authorizing an unaccompanied minor who is a parent to consent to shelter and supportive services for the minor's child; requiring a certain service provider to contact a parent, a guardian, or an adult relative of an unaccompanied minor within 72 hours; requiring a service provider to develop procedures to screen staff members who work with minors including a criminal history check; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Protective Orders - Relief Eligibility - Rape and Sexual Offenses. Description: Removing rape and certain sexual offenses from the list of offenses alleged to have been committed by a certain respondent against a certain victim for which a peace order petition may be filed under certain circumstances; and altering the definition of "person eligible for relief" for purposes of certain provisions of law relating to domestic violence protective orders to include an individual who alleges the commission, within 6 months of the filing of the petition, of certain acts against the individual by a certain respondent.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Assault in the First Degree – Strangulation. Description: Prohibiting a person from intentionally strangling another in the commission of an assault; and providing a penalty of imprisonment not exceeding 25 years for a violation of the Act.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victims and Witnesses - Restrictions on Release of Personal Information. Description: Altering the circumstances under which a certain person may withhold the address or telephone number of a certain victim, victim's representative, or witness before a certain trial or adjudicatory hearing to apply to felonies or domestically related crimes or delinquent acts instead of only felonies or crimes that would be a felony if committed by an adult.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Weinberg Center License. Description: Altering in Frederick County the area in which alcoholic beverages may be consumed in the Weinberg Center for the Arts to be anywhere on the licensed premises.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Alcoholic Beverages - Repeal of Quota for Class B Licenses. Description: Repealing in Frederick County a license quota for Class B (on-sale) beer licenses and Class B (on-sale) beer and wine licenses.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Wage History and Wage Range. Description: Requiring an employer, on request, to provide to an applicant for employment the wage range for the position for which the applicant applied; prohibiting an employer from taking negative actions against an applicant for employment because the applicant did not provide wage history or wage range; prohibiting an employer from relying on wage history, except when voluntarily provided, for the purpose of determining fair wage, and from seeking an applicant's wage history from former employers or their agents; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Boat Act - Abandoned or Sunken Vessels - Removal. Description: Altering the definition of an "abandoned or sunken vessel" to mean one that has remained at a location for more than 60 instead of 90 days without the consent of the property owner; requiring the Department of Natural Resources to take an abandoned vessel into custody without providing a certain notice if it determines that the vessel poses certain hazards; requiring, within 15 days after taking custody of an abandoned vessel, the Department to send a certain notice to the last known owner and each know secured party of the vessel; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Board of License Commissioners Staff and Compensation. Description: Requiring the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to employ a full-time executive director, a full-time administrator, and two full-time secretaries whose salaries are fixed by the Board within the general county classified salary schedule; and providing that the full-time executive director's salary shall be fixed within pay grade 17, the full-time administrator's salary shall be fixed within pay grade 16, and the two full-time secretaries' salaries shall be fixed within pay grade 13.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County Board of Education – Annual Meeting and Election of Officers. Description: Requiring the Anne Arundel County Board of Education to elect a president and vice president from among its elected members at its annual meeting; establishing a term of 1 year for the president and vice president; providing that an individual who fills a certain vacancy may be elected to serve as president or vice president; and altering the date on which the county board is required to hold its annual meeting from on or as near as possible to the second Tuesday in July to on or as near as possible to the first Wednesday in December.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Clean Energy Jobs - Workforce Development - Scope. Description: Altering the scope of apprenticeship and training programs that may receive certain support through the Clean Energy Workforce Account from the Maryland Strategic Energy Investment Fund for clean energy industry development; providing that $750,000 from the Fund be designated for the recruitment of individuals, including veterans and formerly incarcerated individuals, to the pre-apprenticeship jobs training programs and the registered apprenticeship jobs training programs beginning in fiscal year 2021; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Personnel - Employee Accommodations - Pregnancy and Childbirth. Description: Requiring all units in the Executive, Judicial, and Legislative branches of State government, including all units with independent personnel systems, to provide certain reasonable accommodations for an employee with certain limitations caused or contributed to by pregnancy or childbirth; prohibiting units of State government, under certain circumstances, from requiring an employee to take certain leave or requiring an employee to accept certain accommodations under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Peace Orders and Protective Orders – Extension. Description: Specifying that, if a petitioner or person eligible for relief files a certain motion to extend the term of a final peace order or  final protective order during the term of the order and a hearing on the motion is not held before the order's original expiration date, the order is automatically extended and its terms remain in full force and effect until the hearing on the motion.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sexual Solicitation of a Minor - Solicitation Through Parent, Guardian, or Custodian - Prohibition and Penalties. Description: Prohibiting a person from knowingly and with a certain intent soliciting the consent of a parent, guardian, or custodian of a minor, or a law enforcement officer posing as a parent, guardian, or custodian of a minor, to engage in certain prohibited sexual acts with the minor; and establishing and altering certain penalties.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Suspension of Driver's License or Registration - Unpaid Citations or Judgments. Description: Altering the requirements and procedures governing certain programs that authorize installment plan payments for certain motor vehicle traffic citations or judgment debts; repealing certain provisions of law governing the requirement that the Motor Vehicle Administration suspend the driver's license and vehicle registration of a certain debtor; clarifying that a person may satisfy certain traffic citations by entering into a certain installment payment plan; requiring the Department of Legislative Services to conduct a certain study; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Teachers' Retirement and Pension Systems - Obsolete Reemployment Provisions. Description: Updating and altering certain obsolete provisions relating to the reemployment of certain teachers and principals who are retirees of the Teachers' Retirement and Pension Systems.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Alcoholic Beverages - Hours and Days for Consumption and Sale. Description: Altering the hours and days for consumption and sale, in Carroll County, for certain alcoholic beverages licenses.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Small Yacht Club License. Description: Establishing a small yacht club alcoholic beverages license in Anne Arundel County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners to issue the license for use by a small yacht club that meets certain criteria; specifying that the license authorizes a license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor to members and their guests for on-premises consumption under certain circumstances; authorizing a license holder to purchase alcoholic beverages from a retail dealer; specifying an annual license fee of $525; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Allegany County Board of Education - Elected Members - Filling a Vacancy. Description: Requiring the Board of County Commissioners of Allegany County, rather than the Governor, to fill a vacancy in an elected member's position on the Allegany County Board of Education for the remainder of that term and until a successor is elected and qualifies.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Wild Waterfowl Policy - Repeal. Description: Repealing provisions of law authorizing the Department of Natural Resources to issue a license to feed waterfowl; repealing certain license application requirements; repealing provisions of law concerning the establishment, approval, and use of certain feeding zones; repealing a requirement that certain licensed areas be open to inspection by certain persons; repealing provisions of law authorizing the Secretary of Natural Resources to revoke a license to feed waterfowl under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Agricultural Land Preservation Foundation - Valuation of Easement. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Agricultural Land Preservation Foundation to use a fair market value determined in accordance with certain provisions of law for up to 2 years after the date on which the Foundation was first requested in writing to purchase the easement.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Social Workers - Scope of Practice, Supervision, and Application Decision Appeal Process. Description: Altering the definition of "practice social work" to include counseling for alcohol and drug use and addictive behaviors and to clarify that it includes, for certain individuals, the treatment of biopsychosocial conditions under the supervision of a licensed social worker-clinical; requiring the State Board of Social Work Examiners, under certain circumstances, to approve licensees approved to engage in independent practice to provide supervision; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Cell Site Simulator. Description: Authorizing a court to issue an order authorizing or directing a law enforcement officer to use a cell site simulator after making a certain determination; limiting to 30 days or less the time period during which a cell site simulator may be used or location information may be obtained under the authority of a certain order; requiring cell site simulator use by law enforcement to begin 10 days after issuance of an order; providing that evidence obtained in violation of the Act is subject to the exclusionary rule, as judicially determined; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Nuisance Actions - Community Association Standing. Description: Altering the definitions of "community association" and "local code violation" for purposes of certain provisions of law authorizing community associations to seek judicial relief for nuisance abatement in Baltimore County; repealing a provision of law requiring a certain court to determine in what amount and under what conditions a bond must be filed by a community association in a certain nuisance action; including in the definition of "community association" an association that represents two or more individual community associations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Documentary Evidence - Protective Order. Description: Authorizing a defendant in a malpractice claim against a licensed professional to move for a protective order to limit the disclosure of certain documentary evidence to protect the defendant from annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, or undue burden or expense; requiring a court, on a certain motion by the defendant, to review the claimant's request for documentary evidence and authorizing the court to issue a certain protective order for good cause shown; providing for the prospective application of the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Special Elections - Calendar Revisions. Description: Altering the deadline by which a certificate of candidacy for an office to be filled by a special election is required to be filed; establishing the filing deadline for a certificate of candidacy for a special election of a write-in candidate; providing that a certain individual may not file a certificate of candidacy if there are 64 days or fewer before the date of the election; establishing a filing deadline for a certificate of nomination; providing that a certain judicial review be sought by a certain date; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: On-Site Sewage Disposal Systems - Inspection - Licensing. Description: Prohibiting an individual from engaging in the business of inspecting an on-site sewage disposal system unless the person holds a certain inspection license issued by the Department of the Environment on or after July 1, 2021; requiring the Department to adopt regulations establishing eligibility criteria, training requirements, renewal procedures, and fees for such inspection licenses by January 1, 2021; providing a civil penalty of up to $10,000 for a violation of the Act to be paid to an account in the Bay Restoration Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Circuit Court Real Property Records Improvement Fund - Report. Description: Requiring the oversight committee of the Circuit Court Real Property Records Improvement Fund, in consultation with the Comptroller and the State Court Administrator, to report to certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2020, on the fiscal viability of bifurcating the Circuit Court Real Property Records Improvement Fund to provide funding for certain purposes; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Fishing Gear - Lost and Abandoned Crab Pots - Study. Description: Requiring the Tidal Fisheries Advisory Commission to study adverse impacts to fish species and aquatic habitat caused by lost and abandoned crab pots, identify and assess practices and measures that could be implemented or adopted to mitigate the problems associated with lost and abandoned crab pots, and make recommendations for addressing problems associated with lost and abandoned crab pots in the State; requiring the Commission to report to the Secretary of Natural Resources on or before December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public and Nonpublic Schools – Electric Retractable Room Partitions – Operation Requirements. Description: Prohibiting public and nonpublic school employees from operating an electric retractable room partition in a school except under certain circumstances; requiring any annual safety review, evaluation, or exercise for school employees in a certain school building to include certain information and demonstrations; requiring the State Department of Education to develop and disseminate model safety guidelines on the safe operation of electric retractable room partitions; requiring the Department to publish model safety guidelines on its website; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Occupational and Professional Licensing - Service Members, Veterans, and Military Spouses - Revisions to Reciprocity Requirements. Description: Altering the application requirements for a service member, veteran, or military spouse to apply for an occupational or professional license from a unit in the Maryland Department of Labor to require submission of proof that the applicant has held a certain license from another state for at least 1 year; authorizing the issuance of a temporary license to certain individuals who have held a valid license from another state for less than 1 year provided that the license is in good standing; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Renewable Energy Development and Siting (REDS) – Evaluations and Tax and Fee Exemptions. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to waive certain application fees for applicants intending to use certain contaminated properties for clean or renewable electrical generation sites under certain circumstances; requiring the Department to adopt certain regulations; requiring that the owner of a certain eligible property that wants to change the use of the eligible property be liable for certain fees waived under the Act under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland National Guard - Tuition Assistance Program - Modifications. Description: Increasing, from 50% to 100%, the percentage of tuition that may be reimbursed of the cost of in-State tuition for certain courses for any active National Guard member attending certain institutions; and expanding the definition of "member" as it relates to who can receive tuition reimbursement to include any individual who holds a commission in the National Guard.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Highway Administration - Highway Work Permits - Pedestrian Access (Pedestrian Access Act of 2020). Description: Requiring a person that obtains a highway work permit from the State Highway Administration to maintain a safe alternative pedestrian path at work sites that are within 1 mile of Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority or Maryland Transit Administration rail or bus rapid transit stations, including Maryland Area Regional Commuter (MARC) stations; requiring the Administration to compile, publish, and make available information on best practices for the maintenance of pedestrian access in certain areas; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Arts Capital Grant Program. Description: Establishing the Maryland Arts Capital Grant Program to provide grants for the expansion of, the renovation of, or major repairs to a facility operated by a certain eligible organization; requiring the Governor, for fiscal years 2022 through 2027, to include $3,000,000 for the Program in the State budget; requiring the establishment of a competitive application process and a quantitative system to evaluate each application; prohibiting an organization from receiving a grant for a single project that exceeds $1,000,000 in any fiscal year; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: City of Annapolis - Housing Authority - Prohibitions Against Exceptions to Local Laws. Description: Prohibiting a State public body from making an exception for the Housing Authority of the City of Annapolis to a law, rule, regulation, or ordinance that operates in Annapolis and relates to licensure or the inspection of real property, subject to certain exceptions; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Allegany County - Transfer of Property on Assessment Books. Description: Prohibiting the transfer of property in Allegany County on the assessment books or records until certain charges due a municipal corporation have been paid as required by law, subject to certain exceptions; and requiring the certificate of a certain collecting agent and municipal corporation to be endorsed on the deed and providing that the endorsement is sufficient authority for transfer on the assessment books.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Recording Costs - Exemption. Description: Adding units of State government to the list of entities that are exempt from paying certain recording costs and other fees.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tri-County Council for Western Maryland - Membership. Description: Providing that two mayors from each member county or their representatives are to be appointed to the Tri-County Council for Western Maryland by the commissioners from their respective member county rather than by certain chapters of the Maryland Municipal League.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominiums and Homeowners Associations - Amendments to Declarations and Governing Documents. Description: Establishing that a provision in the declaration of a condominium or in a governing document of a homeowners association that requires any action on the part of a holder of a mortgage or deed of trust on a unit or a lot in order to make certain amendments shall be deemed satisfied if certain procedures are satisfied under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Annual Revenues of For-Profit Institutions - Limitation on Enrollment (Veterans' Education Protection Act). Description: Prohibiting certain for-profit institutions of higher education and private career schools from enrolling new Maryland residents if, beginning in fiscal year 2023, federal funds exceed 10% of annual revenues; requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to adopt certain regulations by December 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Law – Preventing or Interfering With Report of Suspected Sexual Abuse of a Child – Statute of Limitations. Description: Altering the statute of limitations for a violation of the prohibition on preventing or interfering with the making of a certain report of suspected sexual abuse of a child; providing that a person who violates the prohibition on preventing or interfering with the making of a certain report of suspected sexual abuse of a child may reserve a point or question for in banc review; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Local Public Campaign Financing - Boards of Education. Description: Authorizing the governing body of a county to establish a system of public campaign financing for an elected member of the county board of education; prohibiting a certain system of public campaign financing from financing the election of a student member of a county board of education; requiring the governing body of a county that establishes a system of public campaign financing to finance certain elective offices for one full election cycle before implementing financing for elected members of the county board of education; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government – Office of Legislative Audits – Costs of Audits. Description: Repealing the requirement that the cost of the fiscal portion of 
postaudit examinations of the Environmental Trust Fund be an operating cost of the Environmental Trust Fund; repealing the requirement that the cost of the fiscal portion of the audits of the 9-1-1 Trust Fund be paid from the 9-1-1 Trust Fund as an administrative cost; repealing the requirement that the cost of the fiscal portion of the postaudit examinations of the Universal Service Trust Fund be paid from the Universal Service Trust Fund as an administrative costs; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax Credit – Public Safety Officer – Definition and Limitation on Credit Amount. Description: Repealing the definition of "public safety officer" for purposes of a certain credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on a dwelling owned by a public safety officer; repealing a certain limitation on the amount of the credit; requiring the governing body of a county or municipal corporation that authorizes the credit to establish, by law, the definition of "public safety officer" for purposes of eligibility for the credit; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after June 30, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natalie M. LaPrade Medical Cannabis Commission - Certifying Providers. Description: Altering the definition of "certifying provider" to include physician assistants who have an active unrestricted license to practice, have an active delegation agreement with a primary supervising physician who is a certifying provider, and are in good standing with the State Board of Physicians; and altering the membership of the Natalie M. LaPrade Medical Cannabis Commission.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Crisis Intervention Team Center of Excellence. Description: Establishing the Crisis Intervention Team Center of Excellence in the Governor's Office of Crime Control and Prevention to provide technical support to local governments, law enforcement, public safety agencies, behavioral health agencies, and crisis service providers and to develop and implement a crisis intervention model program; requiring the Office to appoint certain coordinators to the Center; requiring the Center to take certain actions; requiring a certain annual report; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Dental Examiners – Sunset Extension and Report. Description: Continuing the State Board of Dental Examiners in accordance with the provisions of the Maryland Program Evaluation Act (sunset law) by extending until July 1, 2031, the termination provisions relating to the statutory and regulatory authority of the Board; and requiring the Board to submit a report by December 1, 2020 to certain committees of the General Assembly on the status of staff vacancies, the strategy used to fill the vacancies, and the Board's complaint and enforcement process for the past 5 years.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship - Revisions. Description: Altering the eligibility requirements for a Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship to repeal a provision of law requiring a certain applicant to apply within 2 years after graduating from high school; establishing certain eligibility requirements; requiring the Maryland Higher Education Commission to perform certain outreach activities to public high schools in the State regarding the availability, eligibility and deadlines for the Maryland Community College Promise Scholarship and to post relevant information on its website; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Drugged Driving - Oral Fluid Tests - Pilot Program. Description: Establishing a pilot program to examine the testing of oral fluid samples by certain police officers to assist in determining whether an individual is operating a motor vehicle while impaired by a controlled dangerous substance; authorizing a police officer in a participating jurisdiction who has reasonable grounds to believe that an individual is or has been driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle while impaired by a controlled dangerous substance to request the individual to provide an oral fluid sample; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City – 2020 General Election – Early Voting Centers. Description: Requiring Baltimore City, for the 2020 general election, to have eight early voting centers; and requiring one of the early voting centers in Baltimore City to be at Frederick Douglass High School, to the extent practicable, or within a one-quarter mile radius of Mondawmin Metro Station if Frederick Douglass High School is not available.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Frederick County Board of Education – Vacancies. Description: Altering the method for filling a vacancy on the Frederick County Board of Education; specifying that an individual appointed to fill a vacancy serves for the remainder of a certain term and until a successor is appointed and qualifies except that under certain circumstances the individual serves only until a successor is elected at the next general election; specifying how certain positions are to be filled at a general election; establishing the manner for nominating candidates for vacated offices; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Frederick County - Career Exploration and Development Activities - Coffee. Description: Authorizing an Executive Branch agency to ban or regulate the sale of coffee in conjunction with a career exploration and development activity in a public high school in Frederick County; and providing an exception for a career exploration and development activity in a public high school in Frederick County that sold coffee on or before June 30, 2018.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public High Schools – Health Education – Gambling Dangers and Addiction. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, by July 1, 2020, to develop a certain program of education on the dangers of gambling and gambling addiction to be provided in public high schools; requiring the program to be coordinated with other State agencies responsible for gambling addiction education; authorizing a county board of education, beginning in the 2021-2022 school year, to require each public high school in the county to include instruction on the dangers of gambling one time for students in grades 9 through 12; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Environment – Supplemental Environmental Projects and Study on Discharge Permit Fees. Description: Requiring the Department of the Environment to consider and, as appropriate and to the extent consistent with State and federal law, use certain supplemental environmental projects as part of a settlement or enforcement action concerning an alleged violation of certain water pollution, sediment control, or water appropriation laws; requiring the Department to conduct a study to determine the level at which certain fees would need to be set and to report to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Veterans - Behavioral Health Services - Mental Health First Aid. Description: Requiring that the behavioral health services for which the Maryland Department of Health provides service coordination for veterans under certain provisions of law include mental health first aid; requiring that mental health first aid consist of training for veterans and the immediate family members of veterans on how to identify and respond to signs of mental illness and substance use disorders; requiring entities teaching a mental health first aid course to report certain information to the Department; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional Amendment - Gaming - Expansion. Description: Proposing an amendment to the Maryland Constitution to repeal a certain prohibition on the authority of the General Assembly to authorize additional forms or the expansion of commercial gaming; repealing the authority of the General Assembly to authorize, through the use of a certain referendum, additional forms or the expansion of commercial gaming; conforming certain provisions of the Maryland Constitution to changes made by a certain referendum; and submitting the amendment to the qualified voters of the State.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Libraries - Library for the Blind and Physically Handicapped and State Library Board - Alterations. Description: Renaming the Maryland Library for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to be the Maryland Library for the Blind and Print Disabled; and altering the appointed membership of the Maryland State Library Board to include a blind patron of the Maryland Library for the Blind and Print Disabled.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - State Law Enforcement Officers. Description: Altering a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for the first $5,000 of income earned by law enforcement officers to include a law enforcement officer who is a member of the Maryland Transportation Authority Police or any other State law enforcement unit and who resides in a political subdivision in which the crime rate exceeds the State's crime rate; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - 45th District - Alcoholic Beverages - Exchange of Class B Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Authorizing a Class B beer, wine, and liquor license holder in the 45th legislative district to exchange the license for a Class B-D-7 beer, wine, and liquor license if the licensed premises is in a certain area and an applicant executes a memorandum of understanding with the Mount Vernon-Belvedere Improvement Association; providing that a certain license holder is authorized to provide outdoor table service; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Institutions of Higher Education – Outbreak Response Plan(Olivia’s Law). Description: Requiring a public institution of higher education to submit an outbreak response plan to the Maryland Department of Health on or before August 1 each year, beginning in 2021; requiring a public institution of higher education to implement the outbreak response plan under certain circumstances; requiring the outbreak response plan to include certain processes and the provision of certain staff; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance – Mental Health Benefits and Substance Use Disorder Benefits – Reports on Nonquantitative Treatment Limitations and Data. Description: Requiring certain carriers, on or before March 1, 2022 and March 1, 2024 to submit a report to the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to demonstrate the carrier's compliance with the federal Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act; requiring certain carriers to identify five health benefit plans with the highest enrollment for each product offered in certain markets and conduct a certain analysis; authorizing certain carriers to submit a request to the Commissioner that disclosure of certain information be denied; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Splash Pads - Lifeguards. Description: Prohibiting the State, the governing body of a county, or a municipality from requiring a lifeguard to be present at a splash pad when the splash pad is in use.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Allegany County - Video Lottery Terminals - Distribution of Proceeds. Description: Altering the distribution of proceeds from video lottery terminals at a facility in Allegany County after 10 years of operations at the facility.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Employee and Retiree Health and Welfare Benefits Program - Participation. Description: Requiring certain employment with Anne Arundel Community College to be included in the calculation of State service to determine eligibility to participate as a retiree in the State Employee and Retiree Health and Welfare Benefits Program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Veterans Affairs - Homes for Veterans - Veterans of Uniformed Service. Description: Altering the eligibility for a certain veteran to reside at a home for veterans that is supervised by the Department of Veterans Affairs to include a veteran who has an honorable discharge from active service with a uniformed service of the United States.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Calvert County - Public Facilities Bond. Description: Authorizing and empowering the County Commissioners of Calvert County, from time to time, to borrow not more than $36,881,848 to finance the construction, improvement, or development of certain public buildings, roads, and facilities in Calvert County, as herein defined, and to effect such borrowing by the issuance and sale at public or private sale of its general obligation bonds in like par amount; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: University System of Maryland - Academic Facilities Bonding Authority. Description: Approving certain projects for the acquisition, development, and improvement of certain academic facilities for the University System of Maryland; approving the issuance of bonds by the University System of Maryland in a total principal amount of $20,000,000 for financing the projects; providing that the bonds issued under the authority of the Act are not a debt or obligation of the State or any of its subdivisions; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Certification of Police Officers. Description: Providing that employment by a business licensed as a certain cannabis dispensary, grower, or processor does not constitute involvement in the illegal distribution, production, cultivation, transportation, or sale of a controlled dangerous substance for police officer certification or recertification if the individual's employment was not terminated for illegal or improper conduct.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Property Tax Exemption - Disabled Veterans. Description: Expanding eligibility for a property tax exemption for the dwelling house of a disabled veteran to include veterans with a service connected disability of at least 80%; and applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2020.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Real Estate Commission – Continuing Education Requirements – Ethics and Professionalism. Description: Altering the subject matter of the continuing education ethics course required for the renewal of a license to provide real estate brokerage services by the State Real Estate Commission; and requiring the course to cover the subjects of the practice of flipping, fraudulent real estate practices, and professionalism as it relates to the Maryland Code of Ethics, including a discussion relating to conflict resolution and a licensee's duty to respect the public, peers, and property.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Somerset County – Property Tax Exemption for Manufacturing Property – Eastern Shore Forest Products, Inc.. Description: Providing that certain limitations on the duration of certain tax exemptions for certain manufacturing property in Somerset County do not apply to an exemption granted to Eastern Shore Forest Products, Inc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Black Bear Damage Reimbursement Fund - Pets. Description: Adding pets to the list of items damaged for which a person may be reimbursed from the Black Bear Damage Reimbursement Fund.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County - Overdue Property Tax - Interest Rate. Description: Increasing, from 1% to 1.5%, the rate of interest for overdue property tax in Garrett County; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class MT (Movie Theater) License. Description: Establishing a Class MT (movie theater) beer and wine license in Anne Arundel County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to issue the license to the owner of a movie theater who holds a certain certification; authorizing a license holder to sell beer and wine to certain patrons at retail at the place described in the license for on-premises consumption; specifying that the license holder is subject to certain alcohol awareness requirements; providing an annual license fee of $1,200; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Barbershop and Beauty Salon License. Description: Establishing a barbershop and beauty salon beer and wine license in Anne Arundel County; specifying that the license may be issued to the holder of a certain barbershop permit or a certain beauty salon permit; authorizing the holder of a license to serve not more than 12 ounces of beer or 5 ounces of wine to a customer for on-premises consumption; specifying the hours during which a license holder is authorized to serve beer and wine; stating that a license holder need not obtain a certain Sunday license; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government - Open Meetings - Requirements and Application of Open Meetings Act (Maryland State Agency Transparency Act). Description: Requiring certain State agencies to make available on their websites open meeting agendas 48 hours in advance of each meeting; requiring certain State agencies to post on their websites meeting minutes not more than 2 business days after the minutes are approved; requiring certain state agencies to maintain on their websites meeting minutes for 5 years and recordings for 1 year after the meeting; requiring the Department of Information Technology to provide certain staff, support, and equipment to the Maryland Transportation Authority; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Education - Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps Instructors. Description: Altering the definition of "public school employee" for the purposes of provisions of law governing collective bargaining for certificated employees in Carroll County to include Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps (JROTC) instructors.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Assisted Living Program License. Description: Establishing a Class ALP (assisted living program) beer, wine, and liquor license in Harford County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the license to a manager of a certain assisted living program, but not more than five Class ALP licenses to a person; authorizing the license holder to provide beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption by a resident or guest from Monday through Sunday from 4 p.m. to 9 p.m.; establishing an annual license fee of $5,000; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Operator License Holder - Establishment Operations. Description: Altering certain provisions relating to resident applicants of certain licensed alcoholic beverages establishments in Harford County; requiring a license holder who is an operator of a certain licensed establishment to have certain ownership interests in certain entities; and requiring the operator license holder to serve as a manager or supervisor of the establishment and to be physically present on the premises for a certain time.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Hotel Lobby License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue a hotel lobby license; authorizing a license holder to sell beer, wine, and liquor for on-premises consumption in accordance with certain requirements; establishing that a license holder may sell beer, wine, and liquor on Monday through Saturday from noon to 10 p.m. and on Sunday from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m.; prohibiting a license holder from selling beer, wine, and liquor through a vending machine; establishing an annual license fee of $1,250; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class GCR (Golf Course Restaurant) Beer, Wine, and Liquor License. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue a Class GCR (golf course restaurant) beer, wine, and liquor license to the owner or operator of a golf course that is open to the public, is operated for profit, has a minimum of 18 holes, and has a certain kitchen facility; limiting the license to on-premises sales only; providing for the days and hours of sale for the license; and establishing an annual license fee of $3,500.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County – Alcoholic Beverages – Place of Worship Restrictions – Exemptions and Waivers. Description: Providing that certain place of worship distance restrictions for an alcoholic beverages license in Harford County do not apply to breweries and distilleries; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue a waiver from a restriction barring the issuance of licenses to establishments within 300 feet of a place of worship; requiring public hearings to be held if the Board has received support for the waiver; requiring the Board to consider certain comments made during a public hearing; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Barbershop and Beauty Salon License. Description: Establishing a barbershop and beauty salon beer and wine license in Harford County; authorizing the Harford County Liquor Control Board to issue the license to the holder of certain business permits; authorizing the holder of the license to serve certain amounts of beer and wine for on-premises consumption to an individual in a single day under certain circumstances; prohibiting the license from being transferred to another location; providing an annual license fee of $400; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - Class C-3 License. Description: Altering, in Harford County, the membership qualifications for a social organization that may be issued a certain 6-day or 7-day Class C-3 beer, wine, and liquor license by the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to include first responders.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County – Alcoholic Beverages – Bowling Alley License. Description: Establishing a Class BA (bowling alley) license in Harford County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County to issue the license to an owner of a bowling alley; specifying that the license entitles the holder to sell beer and wine for on- and off- premises consumption and liquor for on-premises consumption; authorizing the license holder to offer daily on-premises wine tasting and allow customers to carry and consume alcoholic beverages within any place in the bowling alley; establishing a certain fee; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - License Holder Requirements. Description: Repealing certain residency and other requirements for an applicant for an alcoholic beverages license in Harford County; requiring that an applicant operate and serve as the manager or supervisor of the business conducted on the licensed premises, be responsible for the operation of the license, and be physically present on the licensed premises daily for a substantial amount of time; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Election Law - Candidate Defeated in Primary Election - Write-In Candidacy in General Election Prohibited. Description: Prohibiting a candidate who is defeated for the nomination for a public office from filing a certificate of candidacy as a write-in candidate at the next succeeding general election as a candidate for any office.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Primary and Secondary Schools - Dependent Children of Service Members - Enrollment and Documentation Requirements. Description: Requiring a county superintendent of schools to allow a dependent child of a service member relocating to the State on military orders to enroll in a school in the county in accordance with certain provisions of law; requiring a county superintendent to allow a dependent child of a certain service member to apply for enrollment in a certain public school in the same manner and at the same time as individuals domiciled in the county; requiring the service member to provide certain documentation to the school by a certain time; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Court of Appeals and Court of Special Appeals - Renaming. Description: Proposing an amendment to the Maryland Constitution to change the name of the Court of Appeals to be the Supreme Court of Maryland, to change the name of the Court of Special Appeals to be the Appellate Court of Maryland, to change the name of a Judge of the Court of Appeals to be a Justice of the Supreme Court of Maryland, and to change the name of the Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals to be the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Maryland; submitting the amendment to the qualified voters of the State for their adoption or rejection; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians and Allied Health Advisory Committees - Sunset Extension and Program Evaluation. Description: Continuing the State Board of Physicians and the related allied health advisory committees by extending to July 1, 2030, the termination provisions relating to statutory and regulatory authority of the State Board of Physicians and the committees; altering the reasons for which a disciplinary panel of the Board is authorized to deny a certain license or refuse to renew or reinstate an applicant's license under certain circumstances; altering the content of a certain annual report by the Board; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax and Personal Property Tax - Exemptions - Data Centers. Description: Providing an exemption from the sales and use tax for certain sales of certain qualified data center personal property for use at certain qualified data centers under certain circumstances; requiring an individual or a corporation to apply to the Department of Commerce for an exemption certificate for the exemption; authorizing the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to reduce or eliminate the assessment of certain personal property used in certain qualified data centers; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Care Practitioners – Telehealth and Shortage. Description: Authorizing certain health care practitioners to establish a 
practitioner-patient relationship through certain telehealth interactions under certain circumstances; requiring a health care practitioner providing telehealth services to be held to the same standards of practice that are applicable to in-person settings and, if clinically appropriate, provide or refer a patient for in-patient services or another type of telehealth service; requiring a health care practitioner to perform a certain evaluation; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Labor and Employment – Maryland Wage and Hour Law – Agricultural Stands, Retail Farms, and Farmers’ Markets. Description: Establishing an exemption from the Maryland Wage and Hour Law for an individual employed at an agricultural stand, a retail farm, or a farmers' market that primarily sells agricultural products that the employer has produced.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Sexual Assault Evidence Kits - Privacy, Reimbursement, and Notification. Description: Requiring a physician, qualified health care provider, or hospital to provide a certain notice to the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board regarding that services were rendered to a victim of an alleged rape or sexual offense or a victim of alleged child sexual abuse; prohibiting a physician, qualified health care provider, or hospital from including certain information in a request to the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board to obtain payment for services related to certain sexually related crimes under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Commissioner of Financial Regulation - Nondepository Special Fund. Description: Including in the Nondepository Special Fund certain fees, assessments, or revenue received by the Commissioner of Financial Regulation associated with the Commissioner's authority to investigate complaints of violations by credit card processors; requiring the Commissioner to pay into the General Fund of the State certain fines and penalties collected by the Commissioner from credit card processors; altering the purpose of the Nondepository Special Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Law Enforcement - Veterinary Care of Retired Law Enforcement K-9s Act. Description: Requiring certain State and local law enforcement agencies to reimburse individuals who take possession of dogs formerly used in law enforcement work under certain circumstances for reasonable and necessary veterinary treatment; specifying that the reimbursement may be only for certain veterinary treatment and may not exceed $2,500 during a calendar year and $10,000 over the life of the dog; authorizing certain State law enforcement agencies to accept public donations for the payment of certain veterinary expenses; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Credit for Disabled Veterans. Description: Authorizing the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to grant a property tax credit against the county or municipal corporation property tax imposed on the dwelling house of disabled veterans with a service-connected disability rating of at least 50%; providing for the amount of the property tax credit; requiring certain disabled veterans to provide certain documentation; authorizing certain governing bodies to provide the credit to a certain surviving spouse; applying the Act to tax years after June 30, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment – Use of Fire–Fighting Foam and PFAS Chemicals. Description: Prohibiting, on or after October 1, 2021 the use of Class B fire- fighting foam that contains intentionally added PFAS chemicals for certain testing or training purposes; providing that this Act does not restrict the manufacture, sale, or distribution of certain fire-fighting foam or the discharge or other use of certain fire-fighting foam in certain operations; requiring the use of nonfluorinated foam for fire-fighting training; establishing certain penalties; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on the Canal Place Preservation and Development Authority - Reestablishment. Description: Reestablishing the Task Force on the Canal Place Preservation and Development Authority, which was originally established by Chapter 789 of the Acts of the General Assembly of 2018; providing for the composition, chair, staffing, and purpose of the Task Force; prohibiting a member of the Task Force from receiving certain compensation, but authorizing the reimbursement of certain expenses; requiring the Task Force to consult with certain entities and study and make recommendations on certain matters; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Debt Collection - Exemptions From Attachment and Execution. Description: Altering the amount of wages of a judgment debtor that are exempt from attachment to be the greater of 75% of the disposable wages due or 30 times the State minimum hourly wage in effect at the time the wages are due, multiplied by the number of weeks during which the wages due were earned; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore County - Hunting - Deer Management Permits. Description: Authorizing an individual who hunts under a Deer Management Permit in Baltimore County to use a shotgun or a breech loading center fired rifle to hunt deer throughout the year, including all deer hunting seasons, in the locations and under the conditions set forth in the permit; and authorizing an individual who hunts under a Deer Management Permit in Baltimore County to hunt deer on certain lands under certain conditions.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Southern Maryland - Homeowners Association Commission - Alternative Dispute Resolution Authority. Description: Expanding the authority of certain homeowners association commissions in the code home rule counties of the Southern Maryland class to hear and resolve through alternative dispute resolution certain issues between a homeowners association and a homeowner regarding certain governing documents, including declarations, bylaws, deeds, and recorded covenants and restrictions.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County - Illegal Disposal of Bulky Items - Penalties. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Charles County to adopt an ordinance to prohibit the disposal of a bulky item on a highway or on public or private property except under certain circumstances; and authorizing Charles County to impose certain penalties of imprisonment not exceeding 30 days or a fine not exceeding $5,000 or both for certain violations.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Southern Maryland Code Counties - Collective Bargaining. Description: Authorizing a Southern Maryland code county to enact a local law that provides certain employees with certain collective bargaining rights; requiring a certain local law to provide definitions of and remedies for unfair labor practices and prohibit certain strikes or work stoppages by certain employees; providing that "regular employee" does not include an appointed or elected official, or a supervisory, managerial, or confidential employee; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Charles County - Tax Increment Financing and Special Taxing Districts. Description: Authorizing Charles County to use the proceeds from the issuance of certain tax increment financing bonds for convention centers, conference centers, or visitor's centers, to maintain infrastructure improvements at the centers, and to market development districts facilities and other improvements in the Waldorf Urban Redevelopment Corridor; making certain financing, refinancing, and reimbursement contingent on review and approval of the Board of County Commissioners of Charles County; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Charles County - Public Safety - Buildings Used for Agritourism. Description: Adding Charles County to the list of counties where an existing agricultural building used for agritourism is not considered a change of occupancy that requires a building permit under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Morticians and Funeral Directors - Apprenticeships. Description: Increasing the cap, from 2 to 4 years, that an applicant for a mortician or funeral director license may spend as an apprentice except under certain circumstances; requiring certain applicants and licensed apprentices to submit to the Maryland State Board of Morticians and Funeral Directors a certain letter from the Director of the Mortuary Science program in which the applicant is enrolled; requiring the practical experience for an apprentice to include at least 1,000 hours in a funeral establishment under supervision; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacists - Aids for the Cessation of Tobacco Product Use. Description: Authorizing a pharmacist who meets the requirements of certain regulations to prescribe and dispense aids for the cessation of the use of tobacco products; requiring the State Board of Pharmacy, by September 1, 2021, to adopt regulations establishing certain procedures and conditions relating to the prescribing and dispensing of certain aids for the cessation of the use of tobacco products; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Mental Health – Confidentiality of Medical Records and Emergency Facilities List. Description: Altering the definition of "health care provider" for the purposes of provisions of law governing the confidentiality of medical records to include comprehensive crisis response centers, crisis stabilization centers, and crisis treatment centers; providing that the list of emergency facilities the Maryland Department of Health is required to publish may include comprehensive crisis response centers, crisis stabilization centers, crisis treatment centers, and outpatient mental health clinics; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Minority Business Enterprise Program – Public–Private Partnerships, Offshore Wind Projects, and Video Lottery Terminals. Description: Providing, under certain circumstances, that the provisions of the Minority Business Enterprise Program apply to public-private partnerships; altering, from July 1, 2020, to July 1, 2023, the date by which certain provisions of law relating to minority business participation goals are of no effect and may not be enforced; incorporating certain findings and evidence associated with the Program; requiring certain applicants for certain wind projects to comply with the Program to a certain extent; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Examiners of Nursing Home Administrators – Board Membership. Description: Repealing the requirement that the Secretary of Health make certain recommendations for the appointment of certain members of the State Board of Examiners of Nursing Home Administrators after consulting with certain associations and societies; and requiring the Secretary to recommend to the Governor professionals who have certain qualifications for certain appointments to the Board.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Institutions of Postsecondary Education – Disorderly School Closures. Description: Authorizing the Secretary of Higher Education to require certain institutions of postsecondary education to refund all tuition and fees to certain Maryland students under certain circumstances; establishing that an institution that closes programs in a manner that is a disorderly closure is in violation of the enrollment agreement or other contract with an enrolled student; authorizing the Commission to approve a certain plan for the of filing certain records of former students with a certain successor institution; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Products Containing a Flame-Retardant Chemical. Description: Prohibiting a person from importing, selling, or offering for sale any juvenile product, mattress, upholstered furniture, or reupholstered furniture that contains more than 0.1% of flame-retardant chemicals by mass; repealing certain provisions of law regarding the importing, sale, or offering for sale of any child care product containing certain chemicals; establishing certain civil penalties; requiring the Secretary of Health to consider certain factors in determining the amount of a certain penalty; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax - Vendor Collection Credit - Job Training. Description: Authorizing certain vendors who are qualified job training organizations to claim a credit for the expense of collecting and paying the sales and use tax; prohibiting, for any calendar year, the total amount of credits a vendor may claim from exceeding $250,000; requiring a vendor to be certified as a qualified job training organization before claiming a certain credit; authorizing a vendor to submit an application to the Secretary of Labor to be certified as a qualified job training organization; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Direct Care Workforce Innovation Program. Description: Establishing the Direct Care Workforce Innovation Program in the Division of Workforce Development and Adult Learning within the Maryland Department of Labor; requiring the Division to provide certain matching grants to certain entities to create and expand on successful recruitment and retention strategies that address certain barriers to increasing the population of direct care workers; requiring the Division to issue a request for certain applications from certain entities for certain matching grants each year; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health – Biosafety Level 3 Laboratories in Frederick County. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to make available a certain form; requiring certain biosafety level 3 (BSL-3) laboratories in Frederick County to report certain information to the Department on or before October 30 each year; requiring the Department to report certain information related to BSL-3 laboratories to the Maryland Emergency Management Agency and officials in Frederick County and the total number of laboratories to the Governor and General Assembly on or before December 31 each year; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health – Children With Mental Disorders – List of Available Services. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health to maintain an updated list of the specific service categories in psychiatric rehabilitation, therapeutic, care coordination, and home health aide services available to a child in the State who has a mental disorder; requiring that the list include services available to any child in the State who has a mental disorder and who is enrolled in the Maryland Medical Assistance Program or has health insurance coverage; requiring the Department to establish a method to make the list available; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health - Maryland Children's Service Animal Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Children's Service Animal Program in the Maryland Department of Health to serve the needs of children with a history of trauma, post-traumatic stress disorder, or who have been diagnosed with a certain disability and special health care need by teaching them to partner with a service or support dog or to interact with therapy horses; requiring the Department to select at least one nonprofit entity to select Program participants, service or support dogs, or therapy horses, and facilitate training or therapy; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Local Governments - Resilience Authorities - Authorization. Description: Authorizing a local government to create a Resilience Authority by local law; specifying certain requirements for the adoption of a local law establishing an Authority; specifying the powers that a local government may grant an Authority; authorizing an Authority to issue certain bonds for certain purposes; authorizing the local governing body to dedicate certain revenues of the local government to the repayment of bonds and to support operations or resilience infrastructure projects of an Authority; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Higher Education - Nonresident Tuition Exemption for Military Personnel, Spouses, and Dependents - Alterations. Description: Exempting spouses and financially dependent children of active duty members of the United States armed forces from paying nonresident tuition at a public institution of higher education in the State if certain requirements are met at the time of acceptance to attend the institution; and requiring the exemption to continue if the qualifying individual enrolls and remains continuously enrolled at the institution, and remains domiciled in the State, regardless of changes in the station, residency, or domicile of the active duty member.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Government – Environmental and Natural Resources Ombudsman – Establishment (Environmental Accountability and Transparency Act). Description: Establishing the Environmental and Natural Resources Ombudsman; requiring the Ombudsman to have the ability to analyze environmental and natural resource-related data and communicate effectively with State agencies and the public; providing for the appointment, qualifications, and salary of the Ombudsman; requiring the Ombudsman to receive and process complaints involving suspected environmental and natural resources violations in a certain manner; requiring the development and maintenance of a certain website; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Carroll County - Public Facilities Bond. Description: Authorizing and empowering the County Commissioners of Carroll County, from time to time, to borrow not more than $38,250,000 in order to finance the construction, improvement, or development of certain public facilities in Carroll County, including water and sewer projects, to finance loans for fire or emergency-related equipment, buildings, and other facilities of volunteer fire departments in the County, and to effect such borrowing by the issuance and sale at public or private sale of its general obligation bonds; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System – Death Benefits for Children. Description: Altering certain provisions of law related to the time until which certain survivor benefits for surviving children of certain members of the State Retirement and Pension System are available; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement Agency - Monitoring and Recording of Automated Outgoing Telephone Calls - Authorization. Description: Altering the authority of the Board of Trustees of the State Retirement and Pension System to adopt regulations to manage, for certain purposes, the monitoring and recording of incoming telephone conversations to the Member Services division of the State Retirement Agency to include outgoing telephone conversations initiated by the automated virtual hold callback feature of the system; requiring the Board to adopt rules regarding the retention of recordings; and prohibiting the retention of recordings for longer than 10 years.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Libraries - State Library Resource Center - Funding. Description: Providing the funding allocation for the State Library Resource Center to be calculated as $1.89 per State resident in fiscal year 2022, $1.93 per State resident in fiscal year 2023, and $1.97 per State resident in each fiscal year thereafter.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Advisory Board for Juvenile Services - Membership. Description: Expanding the membership of the State Advisory Board for Juvenile Services to include two additional members from the Department of Juvenile Services.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Corporations and Real Estate Investment Trusts - Miscellaneous. Description: Providing an October 1, 2020, effective date of certain articles of incorporation filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation for record; authorizing the articles to contain a delayed effective date, not later than 30 days after the Department accepts the articles for record; authorizing indemnification of a board of directors by a certain vote of certain directors or by a certain vote of a committee of the board; providing that certain stockholders' rights of inspection do not apply to certain corporations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle and Homeowner's Insurance - Use of Claim History in Rating Policies. Description: Prohibiting an insurer, with respect to private passenger motor vehicle insurance, from increasing the premium for an insured based on a homeowner's insurance claim under certain circumstances; prohibiting an insurer, with respect to homeowner's insurance, from increasing the premium for an insured based on a private passenger motor vehicle insurance claim under certain circumstances; and authorizing certain insurers to consider certain claim information when rating certain insurance policies under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health Care Facilities – Dialysis Treatment Services – Training (David Selby Dialysis Parity Act). Description: Prohibiting a health care facility from providing peritoneal dialysis or hemodialysis treatment services unless the individual performing the dialysis procedure has been trained in the peritoneal dialysis or hemodialysis technique being performed; establishing civil penalties not exceeding $5,000 for each violation of the Act; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to adopt certain regulations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Condominium Associations and Homeowners Associations – Adopted Annual Budget – Submission to Unit Owners and Lot Owners. Description: Requiring the council of unit owners or other governing body of a condominium association to submit the adopted annual budget to the unit owners not more than 30 days after the meeting at which the budget was adopted; authorizing the adopted annual budget to be submitted to each unit owner by electronic transmission, by posting on the condominium association's home page, or by inclusion in the homeowners association's newsletter; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders - Coverage. Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program, beginning January 1, 2021, to provide services for pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infections and pediatric acute onset neuropsychiatric syndrome under certain circumstances and subject to a certain provision of the Act; requiring carriers to provide coverage for diagnosis, evaluation, and treatment of pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders; providing that the Act provides coverage for Rituximab only under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Emergency Use Auto-Injectable Epinephrine Program - Revisions. Description: Altering the name of the Emergency Use Auto-Injectable Epinephrine Program at Institutions of Higher Education to be the Emergency Use Auto-Injectable Epinephrine Program; authorizing food service facilities under the Program to store and make available for administration auto-injectable epinephrine for individuals who are experiencing or are believed to be experiencing anaphylaxis when a physician or emergency medical services are not immediately available; altering the purpose of the Program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Commission on Criminal Sentencing Policy – Annual Report – Crimes of Violence. Description: Requiring the State Commission on Criminal Sentencing Policy to report by December 1, 2021 and each December 1 thereafter, to the Governor, the House Judiciary Committee, and the Senate Judicial Proceedings Committee, certain information for the preceding calendar year for cases involving a crime of violence; requiring the Governor's Office of Crime Control and Prevention, in consultation with the Commission, to analyze the use of American Bar Association pleas in calendar year 2019 and submit a certain report; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of State Police - Alternative Workdays. Description: Altering a certain authorization for certain Department of State Police police employees to work an alternative workday or a 40-hour civilian employee to work an alternative workday of not more than 12 hours instead of an 8-hour workday.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Military and Public Safety Retirement Income. Description: Increasing the amount of a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax to $20,000 for certain military retirement income for individuals who are at least 55 years old; increasing the amount of a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax to $10,000 for certain retirement income attributable to an individual's employment as a correctional officer, a law enforcement officer, or a fire, rescue, or emergency services worker if the individual is at least 55 years old; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Employees’ and Teachers’ Retirement and Pension Systems – Reemployment – Clarification. Description: Clarifying that a reemployed retiree of the Employees' and Teachers' Retirement System or the Employees' and Teachers' Pension System is subject to a certain reduction in their retirement allowance if the retiree's compensation is derived from certain State funds; requiring the funding for a reemployed retiree's position to be funded from a non-State source that specifically requires the use of the grant funds to pay the full amount of the compensation of the position to qualify for a certain exemption; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Human Services - Youth Services Bureaus - Funding. Description: Repealing a requirement that the Department of Human Services identify eligible youth services bureaus and estimate the amount of State funds to allocate to each youth services bureau; requiring the Governor to include at least $1,800,000 in the annual budget bill for youth services bureaus, beginning in fiscal year 2022; providing an allocation of at least $100,000 to each youth services bureau for each local jurisdiction served under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Bay Restoration Fund - Use of Funds - Municipal Wastewater Facilities. Description: Expanding the authorized uses of the Bay Restoration Fund to include certain costs associated with the connection of a property using an on-site sewage disposal system to an existing municipal wastewater facility that has signed a funding agreement with the Department of the Environment and is under construction to achieve enhanced nutrient removal or biological nutrient removal level treatment; specifying that these costs may be provided only if certain conditions are met; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Harford County - Alcoholic Beverages - On-Sale License Record Keeping and Enforcement. Description: Requiring a holder of a license with an on-sale privilege in Harford County to keep certain records at the location designated in the license or another location in the county; requiring a certain license holder, on 5 days' notice, to make certain records available for inspection by the Board of License Commissioners for Harford County or a designee of the Board; requiring the Board to impose a certain fine under certain circumstances; and authorizing the Board to suspend a certain license under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Drugged Driving - Controlled Dangerous Substance Testing - Authorized Police Officers. Description: Authorizing a police officer who has successfully completed a program of training in advanced roadside impaired driving enforcement to request, require, or direct that a person take a test for drug or controlled dangerous substance content under certain circumstances; repealing the authorization for a police officer who is a trainee, or is in a program of training, for certification as a drug recognition expert to request, require, or direct that a person take a test for drug or controlled dangerous substance content; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Drunk and Drugged Driving - Testing - Warrants. Description: Establishing an exception to the prohibition on compelling a person to undergo a certain test of the person's breath or blood for a test that is required by a valid warrant.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development Programs - Data Collection and Tracking - Minority Business Enterprises. Description: Requiring the Department of Commerce in a certain annual report on economic development programs to include information for minority business enterprises on the number of enterprises that received assistance from each economic development program and the percentage of assistance distributed to each minority business enterprise from each economic development program compared to the total assistance distributed from each economic development program.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Loan Assistance Repayment Program for Physicians and Physician Assistants - Administration and Funding. Description: Transferring oversight of the Maryland Loan Assistance Repayment Program for Physicians and Physician Assistants from the Maryland Higher Education Commission to the Maryland Department of Health; requiring the Department to submit a certain annual report to the General Assembly; requiring the Comptroller to distribute $1,000,000 from the Board of Physicians Fund to the Program if the Governor does not include at least $1,000,000 in the State budget in fiscal year 2022 for the Program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Telehealth – Mental Health and Chronic Condition Management Services – Coverage and Pilot Program. Description: Requiring the Maryland Medical Assistance Program to provide, subject to a certain limitation, mental health services appropriately delivered through telehealth to a patient in the patient's home setting; altering the definition of telehealth as it applies to certain entities; requiring the Maryland Department of Health to apply to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for an amendment to certain waivers to implement a pilot program to provide telehealth services under the Maryland Medical Assistance Program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: City of Annapolis - Alcoholic Beverages Licenses - Club Public Event Permit. Description: Establishing a club public event permit in the City of Annapolis; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners to issue the permit to a holder of a Class C license; specifying that the permit authorizes a club to sell certain alcoholic beverages to a certain individual for on-premises consumption during a certain public event; requiring a permit holder to apply to the Board at least 45 days before an event; authorizing the Board to approve up to 12 public events per permit holder in a calendar year; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Office of the Attorney General - Special Education Ombudsman. Description: Establishing the Special Education Ombudsman in the Office of the Attorney General to serve as a resource for information and support to parents, students, and educators regarding special education rights and services; requiring the Ombudsman to submit a report concerning the State's special education services by July 1, 2022, and each July 1 thereafter; requiring certain school personnel to provide the parents of a child with a disability written information about the Ombudsman and the toll-free telephone number; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Crimes Against Animals – Interference With Equines. Description: Altering a certain prohibition against interfering with, injuring, tampering with, or destroying a horse used for a certain purpose to prohibit a person from interfering with, injuring, tampering with, or destroying an equine used for a certain purpose or for any other lawful activity; changing the crime from a felony to a misdemeanor carrying a fine not to exceed $1,000 or imprisonment not to exceed 1 year or both; providing the Act does not apply to the equine's owner  or a person acting at the direction of or on behalf of the owner.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Firearms - Handgun Permit - Preliminary Approval. Description: Authorizing a person to apply for preliminary approval of a handgun permit to wear, carry, or transport a handgun without completing a certified firearms training course; requiring the Secretary of State Police to investigate an application for a handgun permit; requiring the Secretary to issue preliminary approval if the applicant meets certain requirements except the certified firearms training course; requiring an applicant to satisfy the firearms training requirement within 120 days after receipt of preliminary approval; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Savings Accounts – Establishment and Application of Trust Law. Description: Authorizing the establishment of a certain health savings account; providing that certain provisions of law do not apply to certain health savings accounts; providing that a health savings account is established on the first day that an individual becomes covered under a high deductible health plan; requiring a health savings account to be opened with a trustee or custodian within a certain time period; and clarifying that a health savings account is established regardless of certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Commercial Fishing - Use of Haul Seines. Description: Establishing an exception to the prohibition against fishing with a haul seine by authorizing a person to empty a haul seine, if it is set on a Friday, during the period from 12:01 a.m. on the following Saturday until sunrise on the following Monday if the person provides the Natural Resources Police with a certain notification, the location of the haul seine that will be emptied, and contact information for the tidal fish licensee who is responsible for the haul seine.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force on Oral Health in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Oral Health in Maryland to study access to dental services for all State residents, identify areas lacking in dental services for a significant number of people, identify barriers to receiving services, analyze the impact of barriers, assess options to eliminate barriers, and make recommendations on methods to increase access to dental services; requiring the Task Force to submit an interim report by May 1, 2021, and a final report by December 1, 2021, to certain committees of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Crimes – Indecent Exposure – Definition. Description: Defining the term "indecent exposure" to establish that the offense of indecent exposure prohibits a person from, in public, engaging in a certain act of masturbation; and providing that a person convicted of a violation of the Act is guilty of a misdemeanor and is subject to imprisonment of up to 3 years or a fine not to exceed $1,000 or both.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Health – Behavioral Health Programs and Health Care Facilities – Safety and Community Relations Plans. Description: Requiring that the regulations adopted by the Behavioral Health Administration under certain provisions of law governing requirements for the licensure of behavioral health programs include a requirement that a behavioral health program establish and implement a safety plan for the safety of the individuals served by behavioral health program before being issued a license; requiring a behavioral health program to establish and implement a community relations plan under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Income Tax – Pass–Through Entities and Corporations. Description: Altering the tax imposed on certain pass-through entities; requiring each pass-through entity to pay the tax imposed with respect to certain shares of certain nonresident and nonresident entity members of the pass-through entity; authorizing a pass-through entity to elect to pay the tax imposed with respect to certain shares of all resident members of the pass-through entity; providing for the calculation of the tax; prohibiting the tax required to be paid for any taxable year from exceeding a certain amount; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Anne Arundel County - Alcoholic Beverages - Gift Basket Permit. Description: Establishing, in Anne Arundel County, a gift basket permit; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Anne Arundel County to issue the permit to a person whose business includes the sale and delivery of gift baskets; prohibiting the Board from issuing the permit for use in conjunction with or on the premises of a chain store, supermarket, or discount house; limiting the total annual sales from alcoholic beverages to 10% of the annual gross sales of the permit holder; establishing a permit fee of $100; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Health - Disposition of Remains - Authorizing Agent. Description: Clarifying that a certain document through the execution of which a certain individual may decide the disposition of the individual's own body without certain consent includes a document designating a person to act as an authorizing agent; providing that an authorizing agent is bound by certain documents in making certain decisions; and clarifying the order of priority of persons that have the right to serve as the authorizing agent for a decedent.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Housing Opportunities Made Equal Act. Description: Expanding the housing policy of the State to include providing for fair housing to all citizens regardless of source of income; stating the Act seeks to deconcentrate poverty by providing additional opportunities for tenants utilizing public subsidies to live in certain neighborhoods; prohibiting a person from refusing to sell or rent a dwelling to any person because of source of income; establishing qualifications and limitations on the prohibition against discrimination in housing based on source of income; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Discrimination – Definition of Race – Hair Texture and Hairstyles. Description: Defining "race", for the purposes of certain laws prohibiting discrimination, to include certain traits associated with race, including hair texture and certain hairstyles; and defining "protective hairstyle" as a hairstyle including braids, twists, and locks.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force to Study the Veteran–Owned Small Business Enterprise Program. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study the Veteran-Owned Small Business Enterprise Program; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; requiring the Task Force to study and make recommendations regarding opportunities for veteran-owned small business enterprises to participate in State procurement contracts and the improvement of the veteran-owned small business enterprise program; requiring the Task Force to report its findings to the Governor and General Assembly by December 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Teacher Certification - Montessori Schools. Description: Making an individual eligible for a certificate to teach students in a Montessori school if the individual holds a Montessori-related credential from a certain organization and a bachelor's degree; authorizing the State Board of Education to require an individual to successfully pass an examination to be certified under the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Courts - Discovery - In-Custody Witness Testimony. Description: Requiring a State's Attorney to record certain information if a State's Attorney obtains certain testimony from an in-custody witness and to report certain information to the Governor's Office of Crime Control and Prevention; requiring the Office to securely store and maintain certain information; providing that the Office may only disclose certain information to certain persons; requiring a State's Attorney to comply with certain discovery requirements; applying the Act prospectively; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Information Act - Denial of Part of a Public Record - Victims and Witnesses. Description: Defining "contrary to the public interest" for the purposes of a certain provision of law authorizing a custodian to deny inspection of a part of a public record because the custodian believes the inspection would reveal the identity of a victim or a witness; defining the term "witness" for the purposes of certain provisions of the Act relating to inspections of part of a 9-1-1 communications record; and requiring a custodian to take certain actions before granting inspection of the part of a 9-1-1 communications record; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: General Assembly - Legislative Newsletters - Publication Expenses and Links to Social Media Accounts. Description: Providing that publication expenses related to unofficial legislative newsletters may be paid by an authorized candidate campaign committee, rather than a campaign account of a campaign finance entity, of an incumbent under certain circumstances; providing that an official electronic legislative newsletter may include a link to a social media account only under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Video Lottery Operation License - Renewal. Description: Providing for a 10-year term for the renewal of a video lottery operation license; requiring a licensee to provide notice of intent to apply for renewal of the license 2 years before the expiration of a license; requiring the State Lottery and Gaming Control Commission to renew a certain license unless the Commission finds that the licensee is no longer qualified; requiring the Commission, before denying an application, to provide a licensee an opportunity for a hearing; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Universities at Shady Grove Regional Higher Education Center. Description: Establishing the Universities at Shady Grove Regional Higher Education Center to provide students access to established, cutting edge, and high-demand academic programs of degree-granting institutions; requiring the academic programs at the Center to be upper division undergraduate and graduate level programs and programs for advanced postgraduate certificates and credentials; and providing that funding for the Center shall be as provided in the State budget.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Insurance - Product and Service Offerings. Description: Providing that certain provisions of law do not prohibit insurers, nonprofit health service plans, or health maintenance organizations from offering products or services at no charge or at a discounted price for certain purposes; prohibiting an insurer, a nonprofit health service plan, or a health maintenance organization from discontinuing a certain service or product during the term of the policy or contract except under certain circumstances; authorizing the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to make certain determinations by regulation; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of General Services - Jurisdiction and Maryland Capitol Police. Description: Altering the jurisdiction of the Department of General Services to include State-owned or State-leased buildings and grounds and extending to the surrounding area 1,000 feet in any direction from the  boundary of those buildings and grounds; providing that, regarding the State legislative buildings in the City of Annapolis, the presiding officers of the General Assembly have final authority over the use of and access to the buildings by members of the General Assembly, their staff, and Department of Legislative Services personnel; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - High School Graduation Requirements - Students in Foster Care or Homeless Youth. Description: Requiring a county board of education to waive certain high school graduation requirements that are in addition to high school graduation requirements established by the State Board of Education for a student in foster care or who is a homeless youth if while in grade 11 or 12 the student transfers into the local school system from a different system in the State; prohibiting a county board from waiving certain requirements if it makes a finding that the student is reasonably capable of completing certain graduation requirements; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Workgroup on Funding for a Low- or No-Interest Mortgage Program. Description: Establishing the Workgroup on Funding for a Low- or No-Interest Mortgage Program within the Joint Committee on Ending Homelessness; providing for the composition of the Workgroup; requiring the Workgroup to explore options for providing State funding to provide low- or no-interest mortgages for families that spend not less than 30% of income on housing and that do not make more than a set amount of income, and to explore similar low- or no-interest mortgage programs in other jurisdictions; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Notice of Easements, Covenants, Restrictions, and Conditions - Recordation. Description: Authorizing notice of certain easements, covenants, restrictions, and conditions to be recorded in the land records of the county in which the property interest is located; specifying the information required to be provided in the notice; requiring that the notice be indexed for recording; providing that failure to record a notice in accordance with the Act does not impair the rights or interests of the holder of a certain easement, covenant, restriction, or condition or waive, release, or otherwise affect certain obligations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Licenses - Hours of Sale. Description: Specifying 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. as the hours of sale for a holder of a Class B-D-7 beer, wine, and liquor license in a certain area of Baltimore City; prohibiting the hours of sale for a license holder in a certain area from beginning before or ending after certain times; and prohibiting the hours of sale from being extended under certain conditions.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Peer–to–Peer Car Sharing – Sales Tax Sunset Extension and Study. Description: Extending the termination provisions of law making sales and charges related to peer-to-peer car sharing subject to a certain sales and use tax rate; requiring the Department of Legislative Services to report to the General Assembly by December 31, 2020, on comparisons of certain taxes and fees in the State and in other states as they relate to short-term vehicle rental companies and peer-to-peer car sharing and any other information which may assist the General Assembly in determining equitable State taxation on certain services; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City – District Court – Jobs Court Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Jobs Court Pilot Program in the District Court sitting in Baltimore City to reduce recidivism by offering defendants an opportunity to participate in full-time job training and job placement programs as a condition of probation, as an alternative to incarceration, or a condition of pretrial release; requiring the Administrative Office of the Courts, in consultation with the Baltimore Workforce Development Board, to make a certain report to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before June 30, 2025; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Nurse Practitioners - Certifications of Competency and Incapacity. Description: Altering a requirement that a petition for guardianship of a disabled person include signed and verified certificates of competency by providing that the certificates may be signed and verified by a nurse practitioner and certain other health care practitioners; altering the requirements for the certification of a patient's incapacity to make an informed decision regarding treatment or of a patient's terminal or end-stage condition to allow the second individual making the certification to be a nurse practitioner; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Support - Shared Physical Custody. Description: Establishing a certain formula for the calculation of a certain child support obligation under the child support guidelines when a parent with shared physical custody keeps the child or children overnight for more than 25%, at least 92 overnights, but less than 30%, not more than 109 overnights, of the year; applying the Act only to cases filed on or after October 1, 2020;  etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Small Business Innovation Research Technical Assistance Program - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Maryland Small Business Innovation Research Technical Assistance Program in the Maryland Technology Development Corporation; to provide technical assistance to small businesses in the State seeking grants under certain federal programs; requiring small businesses to meet certain qualifications for participation in the Program; authorizing the Corporation, in accordance with certain provisions of law, to procure a nonprofit organization located in the State to provide services under the Program; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health and Human Services Referral System - Modifications. Description: Repealing the limit on the number of call centers that may be approved by 2-1-1 Maryland to provide certain services; repealing certain provisions of law establishing and governing the Health and Human Services Referral Board in the Maryland Department of Health; requiring the Department to conduct a cost analysis that includes a determination regarding the amount of funding needed to support certain 2-1-1 services and to report the findings to the Governor and the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Foster Parents, Preadoptive Parents, and Caregivers – Request to Intervene. Description: Requiring the circuit court to provide notice to a child's foster parent, preadoptive parent, or caregiver of the right to request to be designated as a party in a certain proceeding except under certain circumstances; authorizing a court, in its discretion, to grant certain status to certain parties in certain proceedings; requiring a court to grant certain status to certain parties in certain proceedings; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Police Retirement System and Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System - Member Contributions. Description: Providing that members of the State Police Retirement System no longer make member contributions after 28 years of service credit is earned; and providing that certain members of the Law Enforcement Officers' Pension System no longer make member contributions after 32 years and 6 months of service credit is earned.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Partial Expungement and Maryland Judiciary Case Search. Description: Prohibiting the Maryland Judiciary Case Search on or before October 1, 2020, from in any way referring to the existence of records of certain charges in cases with electronic records; establishing the Partial Expungement Workgroup to study and develop a plan and legislative recommendations for enabling the expungement of certain criminal charges; requiring the Workgroup to report its plan and legislative recommendations to the General Assembly by January 5, 2021; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Agriculture - Cost-Sharing Program - Fixed Natural Filter Practices. Description: Prohibiting the use of certain cost-sharing funds to fund a conservation practice that does not meet certain requirements; authorizing certain cost-sharing funds to be made available for certain fixed natural filter practices; prohibiting basing a reduction in certain cost-sharing rates on tons of soil saved or an amortization formula; requiring that cost-sharing rates for the planting of multiple species of cover crops equal or exceed the rates paid for the planting a single species of cover crop; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Organized Retail Theft. Description: Providing that multiple thefts committed by the same person in multiple counties under one scheme or continuing course of conduct may be aggregated and prosecuted in a certain county; applying certain penalties; altering a certain reference to the maximum value of certain property or services applicable to misdemeanor theft; requiring a court to make finding as to whether a certain crime is organized retail theft; providing that the State has the burden of proving that a certain crime is organized retail theft; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sheriff of Harford County - Salary. Description: Altering the annual salary of the Sheriff of Harford County to be equal to the salary of the Department of State Police lieutenant colonel, at the highest available step for a lieutenant colonel under the Department of State Police pay plan in effect on the day prior to the day that the Sheriff begins a term of office; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission - Electricity and Gas Suppliers - Training and Educational Program. Description: Requiring the Public Service Commission to develop a training and educational program for certain licensed energy suppliers; requiring the Commission to develop the program in consultation with interested stakeholders, including electricity suppliers and gas suppliers; requiring designated representatives to demonstrate a thorough understanding of certain Commission regulations; requiring the Commission to conduct an examination at the conclusion of training and provide certification on a satisfactory score; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public and Nonpublic Schools – Medical Cannabis – Policy for Administration During School Hours and Events (Connor and Raina’s Law). Description: Authorizing a parent or legal guardian of a medical cannabis patient under the age of 18 years to designate not more than two additional adults to be a caregiver, in addition to the parent or legal guardian; specifying that the definition of "caregiver" does not include designated school personnel; authorizing a qualified patient under the age of 18 years to obtain medical cannabis from certain designated school personnel; exempting certain caregivers and school personnel from certain penalties related to the administration of cannabis; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Hate Crimes - Basis (2nd Lieutenant Richard Collins, III's Law). Description: Altering the basis on which a person is prohibited from taking certain actions against a certain person or group, to include certain actions motivated either in whole or in substantial part by another person's or group's race, color, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, gender, disability, or national origin, or because another person or group is homeless.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Motor Scooter and Electric Low Speed Scooter Sharing Companies – Nonvisual Access. Description: Requiring that motor scooter and electric low speed scooter sharing companies include on each motor scooter or electric low speed scooter made available to the public an embossed tactile display with contact information through which an individual who is blind or visually impaired may contact the company; requiring that motor scooter and electric low speed sharing companies provide individuals with disabilities nonvisual access to their websites and mobile applications in a way that is consistent with federal standards; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health – Mental and Emotional Disorders – Consent (Mental Health Access Initiative). Description: Altering the minimum age, from 16 years to 12 years, at which a minor has the same capacity as an adult to consent to consultation, diagnosis, and certain treatment of a mental or emotional disorder by a health care provider or clinic; and providing that a health care provider may decide to provide certain information to a certain parent, guardian, or custodian under certain provisions of law unless the health care provider believes that the disclosure will lead to harm to the minor or deter the minor from seeking care.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Senator Edward J. Kasemeyer College Investment Plan - State Contributions - Alterations. Description: Clarifying that a State contribution to a Maryland Senator Edward J. Kasemeyer College Investment Plan may be made to a limited number of accounts for each qualified beneficiary; limiting, for State contribution application periods after December 31, 2020, a qualified beneficiary from receiving more than two State contributions for each year the qualified beneficiary is eligible for the State contribution;  authorizing the Maryland 529 Board to adopt certain regulations; and requiring a certain report to the General Assembly.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Injured Workers' Insurance Fund - Revisions. Description: Requiring, rather than authorizing, the Injured Workers' Insurance Fund to be the third-party administrator for the State's Self-Insured Workers' Compensation Program for State Employees under a contract with the State; authorizing the Fund to use nonsupervisory employees of the Chesapeake Employers' Insurance Company; authorizing nonsupervisory employees of the Company to be assigned to perform certain functions under a certain contract; altering the membership of the Board for the Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Hydraulic Elevator Inspections - Privately Owned Buildings. Description: Removing a certain type of hydraulic elevator in a privately owned building from a requirement for a certain test; requiring, beginning October 1, 2022, a certain annual test on a certain type of hydraulic elevator in a privately owned building be performed by a licensed elevator mechanic in the presence of a third-party qualified elevator inspector; altering a certain date to October 1, 2021 on which certain elevator inspections are required to begin; and requiring the Secretary of Labor to make certain reports; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Health - Mobile Response and Stabilization System for Children and Families in Maryland - Study. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health and the Governor's Commission to Study Mental and Behavioral Health in Maryland jointly to take certain actions in order to develop and implement a comprehensive mobile response and stabilization system for children and families in the State; and requiring the Department and the Commission jointly to submit their findings and recommendations to certain committees in the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2020.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Business Regulation – Retail Pet Stores – Modifications (No More Puppy– and Kitten–Mills Act of 2020). Description: Altering the definition of "retail pet store" to include a broker that transfers dogs for resale by another person for purposes of certain provisions of law regulating retail pet stores; clarifying a certain prohibition on the sale of cats or dogs by retail pet stores; repealing a certain statement of intent of the General Assembly; and altering a certain definition.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Utilities - Surviving Spouse of Account Holder - Protections. Description: Requiring a certain utility, on presentation of certain documents and without requiring certain information or imposing a fee or penalty, to temporarily keep a certain account open for a certain period of time or transfer a certain account to a surviving spouse under certain circumstances; and authorizing a certain utility to impose a fee or penalty or terminate an account for nonpayment under certain circumstances or close a certain account under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Grant Applications and Reporting - Uniform Forms and Requirements. Description: Establishing the Maryland Efficient Grant Application Council to study and make recommendations to the Governor's Grants Office and the Department of Budget and Management regarding the grants life cycle, including the creation of certain materials for use by certain grant-making agencies, grant applicants, and grant recipients, certain regulations, and certain recommended timelines and deadlines; requiring the Council to solicit the input of certain stakeholders and establish certain working groups; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Facilities - Hospitals - Disclosure of Outpatient Facility Fees (Facility Fee Right-to-Know Act). Description: Requiring certain hospitals to provide each patient with a certain written notice related to outpatient facility fees that are charged for services provided at the hospital that is in a certain form; requiring that certain notices be provided to certain patients in certain manners and at certain times; requiring certain hospitals to determine the range of hospital outpatient facility fees and fee estimates; requiring a certain hospital that charges an outpatient facility fee to use a certain range of fees and fee estimates; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission - Training Requirements - Hate Crimes. Description: Requiring the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to require entrance-level and in-service police training conducted by the State and each county and municipal police training school to include in their curriculum training relating to the criminal laws concerning recognition of, reporting of, and response to hate crimes.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Revised Uniform Law on Notarial Acts – Requirements for Appointment as a Notary Public – Alterations. Description: Altering the date, to beginning October 1, 2021, by which initial and renewal applicants to be appointed as notaries public must complete certain requirements; requiring the Secretary of State, by October 1, 2021, to offer a course of study and an examination that cover the laws, regulations, procedures, and ethics relevant to notarial acts.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Children – Therapeutic Child Care Program – Funding. Description: Establishing the Therapeutic Child Care Program to provide specialized child care and early childhood education by educators, early intervention providers, mental health providers, and health care providers to children under the age of 6 years who have delays in development, physical disabilities, or delays in social, emotional, or behavioral functioning; and requiring the Governor to include in the fiscal year 2022 budget an appropriation to the Program of not less than $45,000 for each child served; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Medical, Nursing, and Security Personnel – Compensation. Description: Requiring the pay scale for certain physician positions in a certain facility to be the same as the pay scale for certain psychiatrist positions; requiring certain nursing positions to receive a certain upward adjustment in their pay scales when there is an upward adjustment to the pay scales for initial appointments to certain positions; requiring the pay scale for security attendants at a certain facility to be at least equal to the pay scale for correctional officers; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland School for the Blind - Board of Directors - Reappointments. Description: Prohibiting, with a certain exception, a member of the Board of Directors of the Maryland School for the Blind who serves three consecutive terms from being reappointed for 1 year after completion of those terms; and authorizing the immediate reappointment of the Chairman of the Board after the completion of three consecutive terms.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Home– and Community–Based Waiver Services – Study and Task Force. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, in consultation with the Hilltop Institute at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County,  to conduct a study that provides a cost-benefit analysis of expanding access to long-term care services through home- and community-based waivers; establishing the Task Force on Home- and Community-Based Waiver Services to study and make recommendations regarding the modernization of the policies of the Maryland Department of Health to ensure the delivery of care in the most appropriate setting; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Garrett County - Alcoholic Beverages Act of 2020. Description: Altering, in Garrett County, the days the holder of a manufacturer's license may sell or deliver alcoholic beverages to Monday through Saturday from 6 a.m. to midnight; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners to issue certain deluxe restaurant licenses to holders of certain licenses issued by the Board or other certain licenses issued by other local licensing boards; authorizing the Board to issue a refillable container permit for wine in the county that entitles the holder to sell wine for off-premises consumption; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety – Access to Firearms – Storage Requirements (Jaelynn’s Law). Description: Altering a certain prohibition to prohibit a person from storing or leaving a firearm in a location where a minor could gain access to the firearm; altering a certain exception to the prohibition; establishing certain exceptions to the prohibition; prohibiting a person from storing or leaving a firearm in a location where an unsupervised minor could gain access to the firearm and an unsupervised minor does gain access to the firearm, and the firearm causes harm to the minor or another person; establishing certain penalties; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax - Subtraction Modification - Living Organ Donors. Description: Increasing, from $7,500 to $10,000, the amount of a subtraction modification under the Maryland income tax for certain expenses paid or incurred by an individual that are attributable to the individual's donation of an organ; altering the definition of "qualified expenses" for purposes of the subtraction modification to include unreimbursed expenses for child care, elder care, and medication; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Probation Before Judgment - Facts Justifying a Finding of Guilt and Suspension of Sentence. Description: Authorizing a court to stay the entering of judgment, defer further proceedings, and place a certain defendant on probation subject to reasonable conditions if the court finds facts justifying a finding of guilt; repealing a requirement that the certain written consent of the defendant to the probation before judgment occur after a determination of guilt or acceptance of a nolo contendere plea; and authorizing a court to suspend a portion or all of a certain sentence as a condition of a probation before judgment.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Capital Projects – High Performance and Green Buildings – Alterations (Green Building Restoration Act). Description: Altering the application of certain high performance building requirements to apply to capital projects for which more than 50% of the funding is for the acquisition, construction, or renovation of the project is from State funds; repealing a requirement that the Maryland Green Building Council develop guidelines for new public school buildings to achieve a LEED Silver or comparable rating; requiring the Maryland Green Building Council to ensure that certain State buildings, schools and community colleges meet certain standards; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Utility Regulation - Consideration of Climate and Labor. Description: Requiring the Secretary of the Environment to prepare a certain recommendation in connection with certain issues considered by the Public Service Commission; requiring the Secretary of Natural Resources to incorporate an evaluation of the impact of certain electric power plants on climate change into the Power Plant Research Program; requiring the Commission to consider the maintenance of fair and stable labor standards and the protection of the global climate in supervising and regulating certain public service companies; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Prostate Cancer Screening Services - Prohibiting Cost-Sharing. Description: Prohibiting certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations from applying a deductible, a copayment, or coinsurance to coverage for certain preventive care screening services for prostate cancer; applying the Act to all policies, contracts, and health benefit plans issued, delivered, or renewed in the State on or after January 1, 2021; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Board of Dental Examiners - Dental Specialization - Requirements. Description: Altering, to be the National Commission on Recognition of Dental Specialties and Certifying Boards rather than the American Dental Association, the entity whose requirements regarding specialties an applicant for a teacher's license to practice dentistry must meet under certain circumstances; altering the entity with respect to which the State Board of Dental Examiners is authorized to approve an area of specialty recognized by the entity; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: University System of Maryland – Textbooks – Availability of Free or Low–Cost Digital Materials(Textbook Transparency Act of 2020). Description: Requiring each constituent institution of higher education in the University System of Maryland to develop a method to clearly and conspicuously show students in the online course catalog which courses use free or low-cost digital materials and may provide access to certain low-cost print materials; and providing that certain free or low-cost digital materials include certain resources and be equally accessible and usable by individuals with disabilities.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Purple Line Marketing Act. Description: Requiring the Maryland Transit Administration, in cooperation with certain stakeholders, to develop and implement a Purple Line marketing plan designed to generate early interest in and promote use of the Purple Line; requiring the Governor to include in the annual budget bill $500,000 from the Transportation Trust Fund for the marketing plan in fiscal year 2021; requiring the Administration, by December 31, 2021, to submit a certain report to certain standing committees of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Environmental Health Specialists - Fees - General Fund. Description: Repealing provisions creating the State Board of Environmental Health Specialists Fund; and requiring the State Board of Environmental Health Specialists to pay money collected for its services into the General Fund of the State.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Service Commission - Public Utility Regulation Fund - Cap. Description: Increasing, from 0.17% to 0.25%, the maximum that may be charged to certain public service companies for a State fiscal year to reimburse the Public Service Commission for certain costs and expenses.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Electricity and Gas - Energy Suppliers - Assisted Customers. Description: Prohibiting, with a certain exception, a retail electricity or natural gas supplier from knowingly enrolling a certain residential customer with or submitting an enrollment to change the customer's electricity supplier to a competitive supplier if the customer had received certain financial assistance in the preceding 12 months; requiring an electric company to confirm certain matters in its records at a certain time; requiring an electric company to verify a customer's status at a certain time; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Expungement of Conviction - Driving While Privilege Is Canceled, Suspended, Refused, or Revoked. Description: Authorizing a person to file a certain petition for expungement if the person is convicted of a certain misdemeanor involving driving while the person's license or privilege to drive is canceled, suspended, refused, or revoked.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Health - Long-Term Care Planning. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Health, on or before January 1, 2021, to develop and publish materials to assist State residents with long-term care family planning; requiring certain materials to meet certain requirements, be consistent with certain other materials, and include certain contact information; requiring the Department to make certain materials available in certain languages; and requiring certain State agencies to update certain websites in a certain manner on or before January 1, 2021.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Physical Therapists and Physical Therapist Assistants - Qualifications. Description: Establishing a certain educational qualification required for an applicant for a physical therapist assistant license who was educated in limited physical therapy outside any state; and altering certain educational qualifications for applicants for physical therapy licenses or physical therapist assistant licenses who were educated in any state to require the applicant to have graduated from a certain accredited physical therapist assistant program and have satisfactorily completed the clinical training required.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Personnel - Maryland Department of Health - Pay Rates and Staffing Requirements. Description: Requiring that the pay rate for employees who are not receiving a forensic pay premium at Clifton T. Perkins Hospital be at least a two grades higher than the employee's pay rate effective June 30, 2020; requiring that the pay rate for certain employees in the Behavioral Health Administration or the Developmental Disabilities Administration be equal to the pay rate effective on July 1, 2020, for similarly trained, qualified, or licensed employees at Clifton T. Perkins Hospital under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Maryland Judiciary Case Search – Possession of Marijuana Records. Description: Requiring the Maryland Judiciary Case Search, by December 31, 2020, to not in any way refer to the existence of certain records relating to certain charges entered before October 1, 2014.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax Credit - Disabled Military Personnel and Surviving Spouses. Description: Expanding eligibility for a certain credit authorized against the county or municipal corporation property tax to include certain active duty, retired, or honorably discharged members of the armed forces of the United States and certain surviving spouses; authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City or the governing body of a county or municipal corporation to provide, by law, for certain eligibility criteria; applying the Act to all taxable years beginning after June 30, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Transit Administration – Disabled Reduced Fare Program – Opioid Treatment Program Patients. Description: Requiring the Maryland Transit Administration to make available to opioid treatment programs monthly transit passes that are for use by  patients of opioid treatment programs who qualify for the administration's Disabled Reduced Fare Program and may be issued to patients on site at opioid treatment programs by staff; requiring the passes to be made available at a reduced price that reflects the price of a monthly pass issued under the Disabled Reduced Fare Program as of October 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Task Force on the Tourism Industry in Maryland. Description: Establishing the Task Force on the Tourism Industry in Maryland to review the need for additional funding, training, and other resources necessary to increase diversity and inclusion in the tourism industry in the State; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by January 1, 2022; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Driver’s License Suspensions – Failure to Satisfy Judgment – Penalties and Assessment of Points. Description: Altering the assessment of points and penalties associated with driving a motor vehicle while the person's driver's license or privilege to drive is suspended for failure to satisfy a certain judgment.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Opportunity Zone Enhancement Program - Eligibility - Lead-Based Paint Affected Properties. Description: Altering the information required to be provided to the Department of Commerce in order to qualify for certain tax credit enhancements under the Opportunity Zone Enhancement Program to include, with respect to certain qualified opportunity zone business property, certain information on the performance of certain lead hazard reduction activities; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2019; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Orphans' Court Judges - Compensation. Description: Authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to determine the salary of the judges of the Orphans' Court for Baltimore City; authorizing the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore City to determine the pension of the judges of the Orphans' Court for Baltimore City; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Emergency Management - Chief Resilience Officer - Appointment and Duties. Description: Requiring the Director of the Maryland Emergency Management Agency to appoint a Chief Resilience Officer to be responsible for coordinating State and local efforts to build resilience to risks identified in the Maryland Hazard Mitigation Plan; providing that the Chief Resilience Officer serves at the pleasure of the Director; establishing additional duties of the Chief Resilience Officer as identification of funding streams and technical assistance and working with leaders of vulnerable industries; requiring a certain report; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Clean Energy Loan Program - Environmental Remediation and Resiliency Projects. Description: Expanding the purpose of a certain clean energy loan program to include loans for environmental remediation projects intended to remove environmental or health hazards and for resiliency projects to increase the capacity of a structure or infrastructure to withstand the effects of climate change; adding environmental remediation and resiliency projects to the items requiring eligibility requirements under a certain ordinance; requiring that certain loan terms include a provision requiring that a loan be repaid over a certain term; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Education - School Physical Examinations - Physician Assistant. Description: Altering the types of health care providers required to complete a physical examination of a student entering the Maryland Public School System for the first time to include a licensed physician assistant with a delegation agreement approved by the State Board of Physicians; and clarifying that a physician must be licensed in order to complete a physical examination of a certain student.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Facilities - Freestanding Ambulatory Care Facilities - Administration of Anesthesia. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Health to establish through regulations a provision requiring an ambulatory surgical facility to ensure that an anesthesia practitioner is not precluded from providing the highest level of anesthesia support that may be required to safely treat patients undergoing procedures in a freestanding ambulatory surgical facility performed in a nonsterile procedure room or a sterile operating room.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Health - Prohibition on Testing Cosmetics on Animals. Description: Prohibiting a person from conducting or contracting for animal testing in the development of a cosmetic; prohibiting a manufacturer from selling or offering for sale in the State a cosmetic under certain circumstances beginning July 1, 2021; providing that certain provisions of the Act do not apply to certain animal testing; prohibiting a political subdivision from adopting or enforcing provisions of local law relating to animal testing on cosmetics; establishing certain penalties for certain violations of the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Occupations - Athletic Training - Revisions. Description: Altering the definition of "practice athletic training"; repealing certain provisions of law requiring an athletic trainer to practice in a certain setting; altering the information that is required to be included in an evaluation and treatment protocol; authorizing an athletic trainer to provide treatment for not more than 14 days to a certain athletic individual unless the trainer has received a referral from a certain health care provider; providing that preventive care is not considered treatment for a certain purpose; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law – Sodomy – Repeal. Description: Repealing the crime of sodomy; clarifying that certain evidence is not admissible as an infamous crime; and providing that a certain conviction may not be expunged under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Sustainable Maryland Program Fund - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Sustainable Maryland Program Fund to expand and enhance Sustainable Maryland's promotion and support of communities in the State in the effort to realize environmental, economic, and social sustainability; specifying that the Fund may be used for educating communities in the development of strategies to achieve green community certification; requiring, beginning with fiscal year 2022, the Governor to include in the annual budget bill an appropriation of $225,000 to the Fund; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Registration Plate Frames and Borders - Enforcement. Description: Providing for enforcement only as a secondary offense for a violation of the requirement to maintain vehicle registration plates to be free from foreign material and to be clearly legible.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Frederick County - Board of Education - Compensation. Description: Increasing the amount of annual compensation of the president of the Frederick County Board of Education, from $11,000 to $15,000, and of the other voting members, from $10,000 to $14,000, beginning with the commencement on December 6, 2022, of the term of office of members of the county board elected in the general election of 2022.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Organizations – Penalties and Procedure. Description: Replacing the term "gang" as it pertains to certain prohibitions against participation in a criminal gang with the term "organization"; requiring certain local jurisdictions to use certain divested assets for certain purposes under certain circumstances; requiring the Attorney General, in consultation with the Maryland State's Attorneys Association, to develop a plan for a formal process for oversight of prosecutions of offenses involving criminal organizations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Fire Marshal – Sprinkler Systems Enforcement. Description: Requiring the State Fire Marshal to enforce any requirements relating to the installation of automatic sprinkler systems in new one- and two-family dwellings.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Economic Development - Maryland Technology Development Corporation - Revision. Description: Revising, restating, and recodifying the laws of the State relating to the Maryland Technology Development Corporation; making certain technical and stylistic changes; providing for the construction of the Act; authorizing the publisher of the Annotated Code to make certain corrections in a certain manner; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Annual Curative Bill. Description: Generally curing previous Acts of the General Assembly with possible title defects.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Annual Corrective Bill. Description: Correcting certain errors or omissions in certain articles of the Annotated Code and in certain uncodified laws; clarifying language; correcting certain obsolete references; reorganizing certain sections of the Annotated Code; ratifying certain corrections made by the publishers of the Annotated Code; providing that the Act is not intended to affect any law other than to correct technical errors; providing for the correction of certain errors and obsolete provisions by the publishers of the Annotated Code; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Apprenticeship Start-Up Act of 2020. Description: Altering the definition of "eligible apprentice" for purposes of a certain credit against the State income tax for the employment of certain eligible apprentices to include certain individuals employed through a youth apprenticeship program; prohibiting a taxpayer from claiming the credit for more than five eligible apprentices in a taxable year; altering the amount of the credit to $3,000 for certain apprentices; altering the maximum amount of credits that may be approved in the aggregate each year to $15,000 per taxpayer; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Emergency Management Assistance Compact - City of Laurel. Description: Authorizing the City of Laurel to participate in the Maryland Emergency Management Assistance Compact.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Consumer Protection - Money Transmissions and Virtual Currencies. Description: Adding certain sources of revenue required to be credited to the Nondepository Special Fund; requiring the Commissioner of Financial Regulation to pay certain fines and penalties into the General Fund of the State; altering certain provisions on the regulation of money transmission by the Commissioner; authorizing the Commissioner to identify certain activities as money transmission for certain purposes; establishing licensing requirements for certain money transmission locations; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Education - Harford County - Liability of School Bus Contractors. Description: Establishing that an entity operating a school bus under a contract with the Harford County Board of Education to provide student transportation services may not be held liable beyond the limits of the entity's insurance coverage under the contract with the Harford County Board of Education through the Maryland Association of Boards of Education in any suit that arises from a vehicular accident or an act or omission of an officer, a director, or an employee of the entity except under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Election Law - Disclosure of Contributions by Persons Doing Public Business - Enforcement. Description: Altering the manner in which the State Board of Elections is authorized to impose fees for the late filing of certain statements of contributions by persons doing public business; requiring certain persons who violate certain provisions of law requiring disclosure of contributions by persons doing public business to pay a civil penalty in accordance with certain provisions of the Act; prohibiting a certain penalty from exceeding $5,000; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Schools – Student Meal Programs and Policies. Description: Requiring a public school to notify a student's parent or legal guardian about the status of certain school meal accounts under certain circumstances; prohibiting a public school from communicating about unpaid meal debt directly with a student; prohibiting a public school from taking certain actions in response to an unpaid meal debt; requiring a public school to ensure that parents and legal guardians are notified about the application process and eligibility requirements for meal programs; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Board of Physicians - Genetic Counselors - Licensing. Description: Requiring the State Board of Physicians to license genetic counselors; providing that provisions of the Act do not limit the right of certain individuals to practice certain occupations; establishing the Genetic Counseling Advisory Committee within the Board; requiring individuals, on or after October 1, 2022, to be licensed by the Board as genetic counselors before practicing genetic counseling in the State except under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Pension Benefits - Calculation. Description: Providing that, under certain retirement and pension systems, a member's normal service retirement allowance shall equal the member's annuity under certain circumstances; providing that, under certain pension systems, a former member's vested allowance shall equal the former member's annuity under certain circumstances; and providing for the retroactive application of the Act to certain individuals.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - License Applications - Durational Residency Requirements. Description: Repealing certain requirements that a person be a resident for a certain period of time to be issued certain statewide alcoholic beverages licenses and permits; requiring certain partners to remain residents for the duration of time that a certain license is in effect; repealing from certain local alcoholic beverages licenses certain durational residency requirements; declaring the intent of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Lottery and Gaming Control Agency - Gaming Study - Use of Gaming Proceeds. Description: Requiring the State Lottery and Gaming Control Agency to conduct a certain study on the use of proceeds from certain gambling activities; requiring the Agency to report its findings to the Governor and the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2020; providing for the termination of the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Services Cost Review Commission – Community Benefits – Reporting. Description: Requiring the Health Services Cost Review Commission to establish a Community Benefit Reporting Workgroup; requiring the Commission to adopt certain regulations relating to the community health needs of nonprofit hospitals and reporting by nonprofit hospitals regarding community health needs and benefits provided by the hospital; requiring the Commission, on or before December 1, 2020, to submit a copy of a certain report to certain committees of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Liens - Electronic Recording. Description: Requiring certain persons to record electronically a release related to motor vehicle liens with the Motor Vehicle Administration within 5 business days; requiring, rather than authorizing, the Administration to develop and implement an electronic system for recording and releasing security interests; authorizing the Administration to make certain information available electronically; authorizing certain parties to submit to the Administration certain electronic lien information on behalf of certain other parties; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Commission on Minority- and Women-Owned Small Business Participation in State Procurement. Description: Establishing the Commission on Minority- and Women-Owned Small Business Participation in State Procurement; providing for the duties, membership, cochairs, and staffing of the Commission;  requiring the Commission to study, determine, review, and make recommendations regarding best practices for improving outcomes for minority- and women-owned small businesses; authorizing the Commission to create certain committees for a certain purpose; requiring the Commission to make a certain report by December 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Labor and Employment – Economic Stabilization Act – Revisions. Description: Requiring the Secretary of Labor to develop certain mandatory, rather than voluntary, guidelines for employers faced with a reduction in operations; altering required contents of the guidelines; requiring an employer to provide written notice to certain persons at least 60 days before initiating a reduction in operations; requiring that the notice include certain information and a certain statement; requiring the Secretary or the Secretary's designee to issue a certain order under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation - Hernia Claims. Description: Altering the time period from 30 to 45 days within which a covered employee must report to the employer a hernia caused by an accidental personal injury or by a strain arising out of and in the course of employment for the purpose of filing a claim for compensation; authorizing a covered employee to file a claim for compensation for a hernia caused by an accidental personal injury within 2 years after the date the accidental personal injury occurred under certain circumstances; and applying the Act prospectively.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Family Investment Program - Temporary Cash Assistance - Eligibility. Description: Prohibiting reducing or terminating temporary cash assistance for certain individuals under certain circumstances; prohibiting reducing or terminating temporary cash assistance for certain individuals because of good cause as determined by the Secretary of Human Services; requiring local departments of social services to provide a conciliatory period of 30 days to certain individuals who are not in compliance with the Family Investment Program; requiring 25% of funding be withheld upon certain acts of noncompliance; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Income Tax – Credits for Preceptors in Areas With Health Care Workforce Shortages. Description: Authorizing a credit against the State income tax for certain health care practitioners who serve as certain preceptors for a certain preceptorship program approved by the Maryland Department of Health for physician assistant students; requiring the Department on application of a health care practitioner, to issue a tax credit certificate under certain circumstances; requiring the Department to approve applications on a first-come, first-served basis and notify applicants of approval or denial within a certain time; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Kent County Alcohol Act of 2020. Description: Altering the days and hours of sale under a Class B wine shop and lounge license in Kent County; authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Kent County to issue a refillable container permit for draft beer to certain license holders; establishing an application process, hours of sale, and fees for the permit; requiring the Board to adopt certain regulations; authorizing the Board to issue a Class C multiple event beer, wine, and liquor license; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Limited Fishing Guide License - Propulsion of Boats and Vessels. Description: Providing that a boat or vessel used under a limited fishing guide license may be propelled by human power.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: County Boards of Education - Establishing Regional Career and Technical Education Schools - Authority. Description: Authorizing the county boards of education in Caroline, Dorchester, Kent, Queen Anne's, and Talbot counties to establish a regional Career and Technical Education (CTE) school to provide career and technical education programs to public high school students in the counties; requiring a regional CTE school to operate under the terms of a certain collective bargaining agreement; requiring the Interagency Commission on School Construction to study and develop a certain cost-share formula for certain county boards of education; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Property Tax - Exemption - Maryland Farm Bureau, Inc.. Description: Exempting from the property tax property that is owned by the Maryland Farm Bureau, Inc., and used exclusively for education of the public, encouraging agriculture in the State, assisting in the dissemination of information relating to agriculture, or the maintenance of a natural or recreational area for public use; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after June 30, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Charles County - Property Tax Credit - Public Safety Officers. Description: Authorizing the governing body of Charles County to grant, by law, a property tax credit against the county property tax imposed on a dwelling located in the county that is owned by a certain public safety officer; requiring the credit to equal 50% of the property tax imposed on the dwelling; authorizing the governing body of Charles County to provide, by law, for certain matters relating to the credit; applying the Act to taxable years beginning after June 30, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland - Funding. Description: Increasing, to $125,000, the amount of money that the county commissioners of Calvert County, Charles County, and St. Mary's County are required to appropriate each year for the Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland to foster cooperative planning and development in the region.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Real Property - Redemption or Extinguishment of Ground Rents. Description: Altering a certain provision relating to the effect of a redemption or extinguishment of a certain ground rent to provide that it is effective to conclusively divest a certain ground lease holder of a certain reversion and vest the reversion in a certain leasehold tenant, and eliminate certain rights, title, or interest of certain individuals.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Victims of Sexually Assaultive Behavior - Waivers of Rights - Prohibition. Description: Prohibiting a law enforcement agency from presenting certain victims of sexually assaultive behavior with forms purporting to limit the obligations of the criminal justice unit to the victim or limit the rights of the victim; authorizing victims affected by a violation of the Act to bring an action for injunctive or declaratory relief; requiring law enforcement agencies to adopt and submit policies for enforcing the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Natural Resources - Fishery Management Plans - Oysters. Description: Altering the date from June 1, 2019, to April 1, 2020, by which the Department of Natural Resources is required to convene in a certain manner the Oyster Advisory Commission; altering the version of the fishery management plan for oysters that the Department is required to develop before taking certain management action governing oyster sanctuaries; requiring the Department to include certain information in the interim report to be submitted by August 1, 2021, to the Governor and the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Reemployment Earnings Offset - Clarification. Description: Clarifying certain provisions of law pertaining to a certain reemployment earnings offset of a retirement allowance for certain retirees of the State Retirement and Pension System that are reemployed in certain positions.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Highway Administration - Electronic Signs Along Highways - Suicide Prevention. Description: Authorizing the State Highway Administration to post information on suicide prevention, including a hotline number, on electronic signs along any highway within a 5-mile radius of a high suicide risk zone, as identified by the Administration; and authorizing the Administration to adopt certain regulations.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure – Maryland Judiciary Case Search – Case Blocking. Description: Prohibiting the Maryland Judiciary Case Search from in any way referring to the existence of certain records relating to certain cases.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Vehicle Administration Police - Powers. Description: Authorizing members of the Motor Vehicle Administration Police to enforce the general criminal laws of the State and to make arrests in connection with provisions of law relating to the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission and the Law Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws – Manufacturers and Dealers – Transfers of Franchises. Description: Requiring a vehicle manufacturer to make certain requests of a person seeking to transfer a vehicle dealer franchise or any right under a vehicle dealer franchise within 20 days after receiving notice of the proposed transfer; requiring a vehicle manufacturer to consent to a transfer or provide a written statement with specific grounds for refusing consent within 75 days of receiving all completed forms and requested information from the transferor; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Class C Beer, Wine, and Liquor Licenses. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City to issue a Class C beer, wine, and liquor license to a club in the 45th alcoholic beverages district in Baltimore City under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: State Department of Education - Summer Food Service Program - Regulatory Waivers (Summer Meals Waiver Act). Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, on behalf of certain sponsors, to submit to the U.S. Department of Agriculture certain waivers relating to the federal Summer Food Service Program; requiring the Department to prepare and submit certain waiver requests in accordance with certain guidelines; and requiring the Department to apply to renew certain waivers under certain circumstances.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - 9-1-1 Emergency Telephone System. Description: Altering references to the terms "9-1-1 fee" and "additional charge", respectively, to be "State 9-1-1 fee" and "county 9-1-1 fee", respectively, and altering the definition of "public safety answering point" for purposes of provisions of law concerning the 9-1-1 emergency telephone system; renaming the Emergency Number Systems Board to be the Maryland 9-1-1 Board; requiring a certain report by the Department of General Services by June 30, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Alcoholic Beverages - Manufacturer's Permits and Brewery Limits. Description: Repealing provisions on brewing company off-site permits, distillery off-site permits, and winery off-site permits; establishing a manufacturer's off-site permit with certain privileges; authorizing the Comptroller to issue a permit to the holder of certain  manufacturer's licenses; authorizing a permit holder to sell and provide products at events; requiring an employee trained in alcohol awareness to be present at events; authorizing a certain license holder to sell a certain volume of beer at a permitted event; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Environment - Expanded Polystyrene Food Service Products - Definition. Description: Altering the definition of "expanded polystyrene food service product" to exclude certain egg cartons shipped into the State for packaging or cartons of eggs that have been packaged within the State for sale within the State.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sales and Use Tax - Licensed Caterers - Exemption. Description: Providing an exemption from the sales and use tax for the sale of certain materials, equipment, and supplies to a certain licensed caterer if, under certain circumstances, the materials, equipment, and supplies will be used by the caterer to perform a catering contract that includes the provision of food and beverages; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Support – Guidelines. Description: Authorizing a court, in determining whether the application of the child support guidelines would be unjust or inappropriate in a particular case, to consider whether an obligor's monthly obligation would leave the obligor with a monthly actual income below 110% the 2019 federal poverty level for an individual; authorizing the court to decline to establish a child support order under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Human Services – Department of Disabilities – Accessibility Programs. Description: Transferring the administration and management of the Telecommunications Access of Maryland and Telecommunications Devices and Distribution of Accessible Information for Disabled Individuals programs from the Department of Information Technology to the Department of Disabilities; requiring the Department of Disabilities to provide staff, including a director, to the Governor's Advisory Board for Telecommunications Relay; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Estates and Trusts - Maryland Revised Uniform Anatomical Gift Act - Revisions. Description: Altering the purposes for which certain anatomical gifts may be used; repealing provisions of law that require certain persons to search certain individuals for a document of gift or any other information identifying the individual as a donor, that specify procedures to be taken if a document is located, and that concern certain administrative sanctions; requiring a certain procurement organization to make a certain search of certain registries under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - Consumer Protections. Description: Authorizing the Maryland Insurance Commissioner to enforce certain provisions of law under certain applicable powers; requiring the Commissioner to adopt certain regulations under certain circumstances that are consistent with certain federal regulations, rules, and guidance; prohibiting certain carriers from excluding or limiting certain benefits or denying certain coverage because a certain health condition was present on a certain date; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Worcester County - Special Event Zones - Prohibitions. Description: Prohibiting a person from engaging in exhibition driving within a special event zone in Worcester County; prohibiting a person from committing certain violations of the Maryland Vehicle Law within a special event zone in Worcester County; defining "exhibition driving" to include the operation of a vehicle in a manner that produces abrupt acceleration or deceleration, skidding, swerving, raucous engine noise, gear grinding, or wheels losing contact with the ground; establishing certain penalties for violations of the Act; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Recreational Striped Bass Fishery - Study on Harvest Data. Description: Requiring the Department of Natural Resources to conduct a study on methods of obtaining more accurate harvest data for the recreational striped bass fishery; requiring the study to examine certain issues relevant to obtaining more accurate harvest data for the recreational striped bass fishery; requiring the Department to report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and certain committees of the General Assembly on or before December 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Trust Act - Liability of Trustee - Report and Release by Interested Party. Description: Authorizing a trustee to send certain interested parties in a certain manner a certain report when the trust terminates or on the resignation or removal of the trustee in accordance with the terms of the trust or certain provisions of law; providing that, if an interested party does not submit an objection to the report within 120 days after the trustee mailed the report, the interested party shall be deemed to have released the trustee and to have consented to and ratified the actions of the trustee; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Corporations and Associations - Limited Liability Companies and Partnerships - Series - Conversion. Description: Providing that, under certain circumstances, the personal representative or guardian of the last remaining member of a limited liability company shall automatically be admitted as a new member, unless a certain action is taken; authorizing certain persons to wind up the affairs of a limited liability company under certain circumstances; authorizing a court to wind up the affairs of a limited liability company on the application of certain persons under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Health – Cyber Safety Handbook – Handbook Development and Publication. Description: Requiring the State Department of Education, the Maryland Department of Health, and the Behavioral Health Administration jointly to develop and publish a certain handbook regarding safe Internet, social media, and technology usage for certain students, parents, and teachers on or before July 1, 2021; requiring the handbook to include certain information and best practices; requiring certain agencies to consult with certain professionals when developing a certain handbook; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Vehicle Laws - Rental Vehicles - Driver's License Verification and Records. Description: Prohibiting a vehicle lessor from renting a vehicle to another person unless the lessor verifies that the person's driver's license is not expired; authorizing a vehicle lessor to meet certain inspection and verification requirements related to the driver's license of a vehicle lessee through electronic or digital means; authorizing a vehicle lessor to keep certain records in an electronic or digital format; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission - Body-Worn Camera Policy. Description: Altering a certain provision of law relating to the interception of an oral communication by a law enforcement officer using a body-worn digital recording device or electronic control device to provide that such interception is lawful under certain circumstances; requiring a policy developed and published by the Maryland Police Training and Standards Commission to address the use of a body-worn camera by an off-duty law enforcement officer authorized to work secondary employment under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Alcohol and Tobacco Commission - Clarifications. Description: Clarifying the authority, powers, and duties of officers and employees of the Field Enforcement Division in the Office of the Executive Director of the Alcohol and Tobacco Commission over certain matters; substituting references to the Division and the Commission, respectively, for references to the Comptroller in certain provisions relating to alcohol and tobacco; authorizing the officers and employees to make certain cooperative arrangements with the Office of the Comptroller; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Insurance Administration - Pharmacy Services Administrative Organizations - Regulation. Description: Requiring, on or after July 1, 2021, pharmacy services administrative organizations to register with the Maryland Insurance Commissioner before providing certain services in the State; requiring certain applicants to file an application on a certain form and pay a certain fee; providing for the expiration and renewal of certain registration; prohibiting certain pharmacy services administrative organizations from entering into certain contracts; providing that a certain notice from the Commissioner constitutes a certain waiver; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Human Services - Trauma-Informed Care - Commission and Training. Description: Establishing the Commission on Trauma-Informed Care to coordinate a statewide initiative to prioritize the trauma-responsive and trauma-informed delivery of State services that impact children, youth, families and older adults; requiring the Commission to submit a certain report of its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the General Assembly by June 30 each year; requiring certain State agencies to designate certain staff members to participate in certain training each year; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Task Force to Study Felony Murder. Description: Establishing the Task Force to Study Felony Murder to review the provisions, penalties, and jurisprudence for felony murder, including its applicability to juveniles, in the State and in other states; providing for the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and recommendations regarding the current statutory scheme for felony murder to the Governor and the General Assembly by December 31, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Correctional Services - Diminution Credits - Education. Description: Awarding a diminution credit of 60 days to reduce the term of confinement of an inmate if the inmate successfully obtains a certain educational certificate, diploma, or degree; prohibiting an inmate serving a sentence for a crime of violence from receiving a deduction of more than 40 days; prohibiting an inmate who is serving a sentence for a certain sexual offense from receiving a diminution of the term of confinement; requiring the Commissioner of Correction to establish a uniform system of deductions and participation criteria; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Maryland Medical Assistance Program and Health Insurance - Specialty Drugs - Definition. Description: Prohibiting the Secretary of Health from considering certain drugs to be specialty drugs for the purposes of providing services under the Maryland Medical Assistance Program; altering the definition of "specialty drug" for the purpose of excluding prescription drugs prescribed to treat certain conditions from the authority of certain insurers, nonprofit health service plans, and health maintenance organizations to require certain drugs be obtained through a certain pharmacy and to provide coverage through a managed care system; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City – Alcoholic Beverages – West North Avenue Corridor – Restrictions. Description: Prohibiting the hours of sale for certain license holders in an area known as West North Avenue in Baltimore City from beginning before 10 a.m. or ending after 10 p.m., with certain exceptions; and defining "West North Avenue".
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Hospitals - Changes in Status - Hospital Employee Retraining and Placement. Description: Providing that the assessment of a fee by the State Health Services Cost Review Commission for funding the Hospital Employees Retraining Fund is to be in the case of a hospital closure, merger, or full delicensure; altering the circumstances under which hospitals are required to pay a certain fee directly to the Maryland Department of Labor; requiring certain hospitals to pay a direct remittance based on total annual revenue by July 1 each year; requiring that certain money be returned to certain hospitals under certain circumstances; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Financial Institutions - Check Cashing Services - Registration and Dissemination of Information. Description: Repealing an exemption for certain check cashing services from certain provisions of law governing the licensure of check cashing services; authorizing a person to provide check cashing services without obtaining a certain license by registering each year with the Commissioner of Financial Regulation under certain circumstances; requiring a person to obtain and maintain a certain identifier, and to provide the Commissioner with certain information to register as a check cashing service; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Motor Fuel Tax - Claims for Refund. Description: Altering the period within which a claim for refund of motor fuel tax may be filed by providing that the claim may be filed up to 3 years, rather than 1 year, after the date of purchase, except under certain circumstances; and applying the bill retroactively.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Labor and Employment - Health Care Facilities - Workplace Safety (Safe Care Act). Description: Requiring State residential centers and State-operated hospitals to develop a workplace safety plan; establishing certain requirements for a certain workplace safety plan; requiring that certain training address certain risks and include certain instruction on certain matters; requiring certain State residential centers and State-operated hospitals to collaborate with a certain committee for certain purposes; requiring that certain procedures include certain other procedures; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Housing and Community Development - Neighborhood Revitalization - Passive House Pilot Program. Description: Establishing the Passive House Pilot Program in the Department of Housing and Community Development to assist a nonprofit organization in partnership with neighboring high schools and institutes of higher education, to provide students with career and technical educational experiences through the renovation of residential properties to become passive houses; requiring the Department to solicit proposals from nonprofit organizations that feature certain elements; requiring the Department to give priority to certain proposals; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Retirement and Pension System - Membership and Benefits. Description: Prohibiting certain individuals who are members of the Employees' Pension System of the State Retirement and Pension System from becoming a member of the Optional Retirement Program of the State Retirement and Pension System on or after a certain date; prohibiting certain individuals from continuing membership in the Optional Retirement Program on or after a certain date; requiring certain individuals to resume participation as a member of the Employees' Pension System on a certain date; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Sexual Harassment Prevention Training - Designated Coordinator - University System of Maryland. Description: Applying certain sexual harassment prevention training requirements to each constituent institution of the University System of Maryland; and repealing the requirement that a certain representative designated by a unit of the University System of Maryland to coordinate certain sexual harassment prevention training be the unit's Title IX Coordinator.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Facilities - Assisted Living Programs - Referrals and Licenses. Description: Providing that a certain violation of a certain provision of law shall be a violation of the Consumer Protection Act; prohibiting a person from knowingly and willfully referring another person to a certain assisted living program; establishing certain penalties for certain violations of the Act; requiring the Secretary of Health to remit certain penalties to the Office of Health Care Quality for a certain purpose; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Ethics - Disclosures and Fines and Penalties - Revisions. Description: Altering the amount of certain fees and fines that may be imposed by the State Ethics Commission for certain purposes; altering a certain requirement for a certain official to disclose the acceptance of certain tickets or free admission to certain events on a financial disclosure statement; requiring each member of the General Assembly to submit a certain annual notice regarding a certain meeting with the Ethics Counsel to the presiding officers of the General Assembly; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Joint Committee on Ending Homelessness - Reports on Housing Status. Description: Requiring the Health Services Cost Review Commission, the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services, the Department of Labor, and the Department of Human Services to make certain reports to the Joint Committee on Ending Homelessness on or before November 15, 2020, and November 15, 2021.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Highway User Revenues – Distribution. Description: Altering, beginning in fiscal year 2020, the amounts of capital grants calculated based on highway user revenues that are required to be appropriated to Baltimore City, counties, and municipalities in certain fiscal years; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Racing and Community Development Act of 2020. Description: Requiring the State Racing Commission to establish the Equine Health, Safety, and Welfare Advisory Committee; requiring the owner of Bowie Race Course Training Center to convey the property to the City of Bowie in a certain manner; authorizing, subject to the approval of the Board of Public Works, the Maryland Stadium Authority to issue up to $375,000,000 of bonds for the redevelopment of certain racing facilities; requiring the Authority, before issuing certain bonds, to ensure certain agreements are executed; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Health Insurance - In Vitro Fertilization - Revisions. Description: Altering the circumstances under which certain entities are required to provide coverage for certain expenses arising from in vitro fertilization procedures; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Law - Hate Crimes - Penalty (Educate Against Hate Act). Description: Authorizing the court to impose, on a person convicted of a hate crime, a requirement to attend an anti-bias education program.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: School Buildings - Drinking Water Outlets - Elevated Level of Lead (Safe School Drinking Water Act). Description: Altering the definition of "elevated level of lead" for purposes of certain provisions of law requiring the periodic testing for the presence of lead in drinking water outlets in occupied public and nonpublic school buildings; and requiring by August 1, 2021, a school to take certain remedial measures on a drinking water outlet tested on or before June 1, 2020, if the test indicated a concentration of lead that was more than 5 parts per billion but less than 20 parts per billion.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Department of Labor – Electricians – State Licensing Workgroup. Description: Requiring the Maryland Department of Labor to convene a workgroup to study certain issues regarding the provision of electrical services and low-voltage electrical services in the State; requiring the workgroup to include certain representatives; requiring the Department to provide certain notice of certain meetings to certain persons; requiring the Department to submit a report on the findings of the workgroup to certain committees of the General Assembly by December 1, 2020; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Carroll County - Contracts and Purchases. Description: Increasing to $35,000 the cost of a public work or improvement or the purchase price of supplies or equipment for which the County Commissioners of Carroll County may enter into a contract; requiring that when the cost of a public work or improvement or the purchase price of supplies or equipment in Carroll County exceeds $35,000 under certain conditions, the Chief of the Bureau of Purchasing for the County Commissioners shall advertise for bids for a certain amount of time in a media accessible to the general public; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Child Support - Suspension of Payments and Arrears for Incarcerated Obligors - Modifications. Description: Altering a condition relating to an incarcerated obligor's term of imprisonment under which the obligor's child support payment is not considered past due and arrearages will not accrue if the obligor was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of 180 consecutive calendar days or more.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Public Safety - Maryland Code of Military Justice. Description: Establishing a Maryland Code of Military Justice; providing for jurisdiction and applicability of the Act; providing for authority of certain judge advocates; establishing the rights of certain victims; providing for the apprehension and restraint of certain offenders; providing for certain non-judicial punishment; establishing the jurisdiction for certain courts-martial; providing for the appointment and composition of certain courts-martial; establishing certain pre-trial procedures; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Board of Regents of the University System of Maryland – Tuition Waiver – Student Members. Description: Authorizing the Board of Regents of the University System of Maryland to grant a tuition waiver, in an amount not to exceed the amount of the tuition obligation, to a student member of the Board serving in the second year of a two-year term; prohibiting the tuition waiver from being considered a gift or compensation under certain State laws; prohibiting a student member receiving the tuition waiver from being classified as an employee of the University System of Maryland; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Task Force on Fishing License Penalties. Description: Establishing the Task Force on Fishing License Penalties to study fishing license penalty reciprocity between Maryland and the Potomac River Fisheries Commission, and, if Virginia participates, between Virginia and the Potomac River Fisheries Commission; requiring the Governor to make certain requests regarding the composition, chair, and staffing of the Task Force; requiring the Task Force to report its findings and make recommendations by December 1, 2021; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Balancing the State Budget. Description: Proposing an amendment to the Maryland Constitution authorizing the General Assembly to increase or add Executive Department items in the budget bill, provided that the total of the appropriation for the Executive Department approved by the General Assembly does not exceed the total proposed appropriation for the Executive Department submitted by the Governor; submitting the amendment to the qualified voters of the State at the next general election to be held in November 2020 for adoption or rejection; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Emergency Management Agency - Cybersecurity Coordination and Operations Office - Establishment. Description: Establishing the Cybersecurity Coordination and Operations Office within the Maryland Emergency Management Agency (MEMA) to help improve statewide cybersecurity readiness and response; requiring the Director of MEMA to appoint an Executive Director as head of the Office; requiring the Office to be provided with sufficient staff to perform the Office's functions; requiring the Office to establish regional assistance groups to deliver or coordinate support services to political subdivisions, agencies, or regions;  etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Baltimore City - Alcoholic Beverages - Class B-D-7 Licenses. Description: Authorizing the Board of License Commissioners for Baltimore City, on or before July 1, 2022, to issue a Class B-D-7 license for premises located in a certain area if the license applicant enters into a memorandum of understanding with the Charles North Community Organization; and authorizing the Board to make issuance or renewal of a certain license conditional on the substantial compliance of applicants entered into a certain memorandum of understanding.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Public Safety - Lost or Stolen Regulated Firearm - Reporting. Description: Altering penalties applicable to failing to report a lost or stolen regulated firearm.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Criminal Procedure - Registered Sex Offenders - Entry Onto School Property. Description: Repealing a certain exception authorizing, under certain circumstances, a student who is a registered sex offender to enter onto real property used for public or nonpublic elementary or secondary education; requiring a county board of education to adopt a policy that enables a student who is a registered sex offender to continue receiving a certain education in a location other than real property used for certain educational purposes; requiring the State Board of Education to adopt guidelines and a model policy; etc.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: St. Mary's County - Transfer Tax - Sunset Extension. Description: Extending to October 1, 2024, the termination provision relating to the authority of the County Commissioners of St. Mary's County to impose a transfer tax on certain instruments of writing.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Maryland Department of Health - Birth Registration - Gestational Carriers. Description: Requiring a certain person to attach a copy of an order of the court establishing parentage to a certificate of birth under certain circumstances; requiring, for a birth involving a gestational carrier in which parentage is determined by a certain court, that a certain person enter certain information on the forms provided by the Secretary of Health and attach a certain order to the forms; requiring the Division of Vital Records to immediately take certain actions on receipt of certain documents; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Budget - Revenue Stabilization Account Transfers - Coronavirus. Description: Allowing the Governor to transfer by budget amendment up to $50,000,000 from the Revenue Stabilization Account to fund costs associated with the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19); requiring the Governor to provide the Legislative Policy Committee with at least 7 days for review before transferring the funds; requiring, within 60 days of the release of funds, the Department of Budget and Management to submit a report to the Legislative Policy Committee and the General Assembly on the use of the funds per unit of State government; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: State Government – State of Emergency and Catastrophic Health Emergency – Authority of Governor and Unemployment Insurance Benefits(COVID–19 Public Health Emergency Protection Act of 2020). Description: Authorizing the Governor to take certain actions as a result of the issuance by the Governor on March 5, 2020, of the proclamation declaring a state of emergency for the duration of a certain emergency; providing that a certain alternative workweek may allow an employee to work certain hours or shifts; requiring that an employee authorized to work an alternative workweek is considered a full-time employee; etc.
In 2020, Maryland passed a bill titled: Prior Authorizations of State Debt - Alterations. Description: Amending certain prior authorizations of State Debt to alter the requirement that certain grantees provide certain matching funds; extending the deadline for certain grantees to present certain evidence that a matching fund will be presented; extending the termination date of certain grants; changing the locations of certain capital projects; altering the purposes of certain grants; changing the names of certain grantees; altering the authorized uses of certain grants; etc.
In 2020, Maryland enrolled a bill titled: 2026 FIFA World Cup - Protection of Human Rights. Description: Supporting the fundamental requirements for United 2026 as laid out in FIFA's "Proposal for a United Human Rights Strategy"; and encouraging all host stadiums, cities, ports of entry, and fan zones to provide certain atmospheres, experiences, and policies for fans, spectators, players, officials, and volunteers at the 2026 FIFA World Cup.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Natural Resources – Fishing – Wild–Caught Blue Catfish. Description: Opposing certain inspection rules promulgated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture that have drastically impeded the harvest and sale of blue catfish and thus rendered the State unable to adequately use the commercial harvest as a form of control over the invasive blue catfish species; urging the U.S. Congress to amend 21 U.S.C. § 601(w) to exempt the wild catch of domestic catfish from certain inspection requirements; and requiring a copy of the Resolution to be forwarded to certain elected officials.
In 2020, Maryland engrossed a bill titled: Congressional Action - Surprise Billing - Air Ambulance. Description: Urging the U.S. Congress to pass legislation that prohibits the balance billing of consumers by certain air ambulances.
