Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Massachusetts:
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Criminalizing sexual assault by fraud of a medical professional. Description: Criminalizing sexual assault by fraud of a medical professional
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the city of Westfield. Description: Amending the charter of the city of Westfield
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Holli Hill. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Holli Hill, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. House Rules.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To create the executive office of housing and livable communities and to rename the Executive Office of Economic Development. Description: Relative to creating the executive office of housing and livable communities and to rename the Executive Office of Economic Development. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight. March 1, 2023.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the Fiscal Year 2023 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: Making appropriations for the Fiscal Year 2023 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Raynham to grant additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Description: That the town of Raynham be authorized to grant two additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises in said town. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To extend the time for the issuance of alcoholic beverage licenses in the city of Woburn. Description: That the city of Woburn be authorized to extend the time for the issuance of alcoholic beverage licenses in said city. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To amend special legislation to pursue five (5) additional alcohol pouring licenses in Hudson's C-1 Zoning District. Description: Relative to the additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises to be issued by the town of Hudson. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Berlin to grant up to two additional all alcoholic beverages licenses not to be drunk on the premises. Description: That the town of Berlin be authorized to grant up to two additional all alcoholic beverages licenses not to be drunk on the premises in said town. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Rochester to grant an additional license for the sale of alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Description: That the town of Rochester be authorized to grant an additional license for the sale of alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises in said town. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Validating the annual town meeting for the town of Blandford. Description: Relative to validating the results of the annual town meeting for the town of Blandford. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing memorial markers in the towns of Milton and Canton in memory of certain law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty. Description: By Representative Driscoll of Milton, a petition of William J. Driscoll, Jr., and Walter F. Timilty that the Department of Conservation and Recreation erect and maintain memorial markers in the towns of Milton and Canton in memory of certain law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty. Environment and Natural Resources.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to designating the Rumney Marsh as the Joseph T. James area of critical environmental concern. Description: Relative to designating the Rumney Marsh as the Joseph T. James memorial area of critical environmental concern. Environment and Natural Resources.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to Department of Conservation and Recreation facility Title IX compliance. Description: Relative to ensuring equal accommodations for sexes in Department of Conservation and Recreation owned facilities. Environment and Natural Resources.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Honorable George V. Kenneally, Jr. Description: By Representative Hunt of Boston, a petition of Daniel J. Hunt that the University of Massachusetts be authorized to designate the student center at the Boston campus as the George V. Kenneally, Jr., student center. Higher Education.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to electronic meetings and voting in condominiums. Description: Relative to electronic meetings and voting in condominiums. Housing.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Reading to dissolve its Affordable Housing Trust Fund. Description: Relative to authorizing the town of Reading to dissolve its Affordable Housing Trust Fund. Housing. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Facilitating the appropriation and expenditure of community preservation funds for community housing purposes in the town of Chatham. Description: Relative to the appropriation and expenditure of community preservation funds for community housing purposes in the town of Chatham. Housing. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a housing trust fund in the town of Chatham. Description: That the town of Chatham be authorized to establish a housing trust fund in said town. Housing. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Reducing barriers to employment through credit discrimination. Description: For legislation to prohibit the use of consumer reports for employment purposes and to reduce barriers to employment through credit discrimination. The Judiciary.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to student mental health. Description: For legislation to require that student identification cards contain suicide prevention lifeline contact information. Mental Health, Substance Use and Recovery.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing sewer and water user discounts in the town of Hopkinton. Description: Relative to authorizing the town of Hopkinton to provide discounted fees charged to income-eligible residents for the use of the water and sewer systems of said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.] [as corrected]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing certain investments by the treasurer of the town of Hopkinton. Description: Relative to authorizing certain investments by the treasurer of the town of Hopkinton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To use more inclusive language for the Lanesborough board of selectmen. Description: Relative to changing the board of selectmen of the town of Lanesborough to a select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To amend the Williamstown town charter by making all gender references therein gender neutral. Description: That the town of Williamstown be authorized to amend the charter of said town by making all gender references therein gender neutral. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the Adams Fire District. Description: Relative to the Adams Fire District. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Pittsfield to award a 1 year or multiple year contract to audit. Description: Relative to authorizing the city of Pittsfield to award a 1 year or multiple year contract to audit the books and accounts of said city. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the Auburn Water District clerk and treasurer. Description: Relative to the clerk and treasurer of the Auburn Water District. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Auburn Water District. Description: Relative to certain property acquired by the Auburn Water District. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a department of public works in the town of Tyngsborough. Description: Relative to establishing a department of public works in the town of Tyngsborough. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Revere to pay a certain sum of money to the estate of George J. Rotondo, Jr. Description: That the city of Revere be authorized to pay a certain sum of money to the estate of George J. Rotondo, Jr. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the school committee of the city of Revere. Description: Relative to the school committee in the city of Revere. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Bedford to adopt alternative methods for notice of public hearings. Description: Relative to authorizing the town of Bedford to adopt alternative methods for notice of public hearings. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the Board of Health in the town of Reading. Description: Relative to the board of health in the town of Reading. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the charter of the town of Dedham. Description: Relative to the charter of the town of Dedham. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Hull to issue pension obligation bonds or notes. Description: Relative to authorizing the town of Hull to issue pension obligation bonds or notes. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing representative town meetings. Description: That the town of Milford be authorized to establish representative town meetings. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To amend the charter of the town of Middleborough. Description: For legislation to amend the charter of the town of Middleborough. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Increasing the number of members for the select board of the town of Lakeville. Description: Relative to increasing the number of members for the select board of the town of Lakeville. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to wastewater in the town of Provincetown. Description: That the town of Provincetown be authorized to use the Manuel V. Motta Athletic Fields for incidental wastewater treatment and disposal purposes. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to wastewater treatment and disposal in the town of Provincetown. Description: Relative to wastewater treatment and disposal in the town of Provincetown. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing the Eastham community fund in the town of Eastham. Description: That the town of Eastham be authorized to establish the Eastham community fund for the purposes of providing human service support, emergency financial assistance, and for the general well-being of its residents. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the city known as the town of Franklin to utilize alternative methods for notice of public hearings. Description: Relative to authorizing the city known as the town of Franklin to utilize alternative methods for notice of public hearings. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to enhanced fire protection in new one- and two-family dwellings. Description: Relative to the installation of automatic sprinkler systems in certain new family dwellings. Public Safety and Homeland Security.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to fire protection. Description: Relative to clarifying the standards for requiring the installation of automatic sprinkler systems in rehabilitated buildings. Public Safety and Homeland Security.
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Relative to local law enforcement continuity between the city of Boston and the town of Dedham. Description: Relative to the authority of police officers of the city of Boston and the town of Dedham. Public Safety and Homeland Security.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the use of hoisting equipment in Chapter 74 vocational technical education. Description: Relative to the use of hoisting equipment in vocational technical education. Public Safety and Homeland Security.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Lanesborough to continue the employment of Daniel Bolognia, Charles Garrity, Peter Pannesco, Peter Oakley, David Rolle, Donald Whalen and Michael Wooliver. Description: Relative to authorizing the town of Lanesborough to continue the employment of firefighters Daniel Bolognia, Charles Garrity, Peter Pannesco, Peter Oakley, David Rolle, Donald Whalen and Michael Wooliver. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Hancock to allow firefighters and police to continue serving past age 65. Description: That the town of Hancock be authorized to allow firefighters and police officers to continue serving, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Conway to continue the employment of police officer Randall Williams. Description: That the town of Conway be authorized to continue the employment of Randell Williams, a member of the police department of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Directing the City of Boston Police Department to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Wilfrid Decossa. Description: Relative to authorizing the city of Boston to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Wilfrid Decossa. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Relative to the maximum age requirement for police officers for the city of Methuen. Description: For legislation relative to the maximum age requirement for police officers for the city of Methuen. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Leominster to establish an age limit for original appointment to the position of police officer. Description: That the city of Leominster be authorized to establish an age limit for original appointment to the position of police officer in said city. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting the position of police chief in the town of Lancaster from the provisions of the civil service law. Description: That the town of Lancaster be authorized to exempt the position of police chief in said town from the provisions of the civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the position of police chief in the town of Leicester. Description: Relative to authorizing Kenneth M. Antanavica to continue to serve as police chief in the town of Leicester. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Further regulating the appointment of special police officers in the city of Watertown. Description: Relative to further regulating the appointment of special police officers in the city of Watertown. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the retirement benefits of the surviving beneficiary of Robert Lawler. Description: By Representative Roy of Franklin, a petition of Jeffrey N. Roy (with the approval of the mayor and city council) that the retirement board of the city of Boston provide certain retirement benefits to Donna Lawler the surviving beneficiary of Robert Lawler. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Haverhill to appoint retired police officers as detail police officers within said city for paid detail assignments. Description: That the city of Haverhill be authorized to appoint retired police officers as detail police officers within said city for paid detail assignments. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting the police chief of the town of Wrentham from the civil service law. Description: By Representative Vaughn of Wrentham, a petition of Marcus S. Vaughn and Rebecca L. Rausch (by vote of the town) that the police chief of the town of Wrentham be exempt from the civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting the Deputy Police Chief of the town of Wrentham from the civil service law. Description: By Representative Vaughn of Wrentham, a petition of Marcus S. Vaughn and Rebecca L. Rausch (by vote of the town) that the deputy police chief of the town of Wrentham be exempt from the civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the town of Blandford volunteer fire department. Description: That the town of Blandford be authorized to establish a program for certain members of the Blandford volunteer fire department to reduce the real property tax obligations or the motor vehicle and trailer excise tax obligations of such volunteers in exchange for their volunteer service. Revenue.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To establish a surcharge on specific commercial development activities for the purpose of funding the creation of community housing. Description: That the town of Lexington be authorized to establish a surcharge on specific commercial development activities for the purpose of funding the creation of community housing. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Norwell to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Description: That the town of Norwell be authorized to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption in said town. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to property tax classifications in the city of Watertown. Description: Relative to property tax classifications in the city of Watertown. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Expanding the exemption for residential property in the town of Wellfleet. Description: Relative to expanding the exemption for residential property in the town of Wellfleet. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing building trades recovery week. Description: By Representative Hunt of Boston, a petition of Daniel J. Hunt and David Biele for the issuance of an annual proclamation by the Governor to designate the last full week in April as building trades recovery week. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to Rosa Parks Day. Description: By Representatives Kushmerek of Fitchburg and Diggs of Barnstable, a petition of Michael P. Kushmerek, Kip A. Diggs and others for the issuance of an annual proclamation by the Governor to designate the fourth of February as Rosa Parks day. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating Domestic Workers’ Rights Day. Description: By Representative Moran of Boston, a petition of Michael J. Moran and others for the annual issuance of a proclamation by the Governor setting apart the sixteenth day of June as domestic workers’ rights day. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating a certain intersection in the town of Pembroke as the Lavina A. Hatch corner. Description: Relative to designating a certain intersection in the town of Pembroke as the Lavina A. Hatch corner. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the city of Leominster as the Captain Ross A. Reynolds memorial bridge. Description: For legislation to designate a certain bridge in the city of Leominster as the Captain Ross A. Reynolds memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the town of Dedham as the Honorable Deborah R. Cochran memorial bridge. Description: Relative to designating a certain bridge in the town of Dedham as the Honorable Deborah R. Cochran memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the town of Dedham as the Honorable Kelly A. Timilty memorial bridge. Description: By Representative McMurtry of Dedham, a petition of Paul McMurtry that the bridge on Ames Street over the Charles River in the town of Dedham be designated as the Honorable Kelly A. Timilty memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the town of Falmouth as the Deputy John Robert Kotfila Jr. memorial bridge. Description: Relative to designating a certain bridge in the town of Falmouth as the Deputy John Robert Kotfila, Jr. memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Financing improvements to municipal roads and bridges. Description: Financing improvements to municipal roads and bridges
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for recall elections in the town of Conway. Description: That the town of Conway be authorized to provide for recall elections in said town. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Validating the results of the annual town election held in the town of Lancaster. Description: Relative to validating the results of the annual town election held in the town of Lancaster. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing Jacob M. White to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Description: By Representative Diggs of Barnstable, a petition of Kip A. Diggs and Steven George Xiarhos (with the approval of the county commissioners) that Jacob M. White be authorized to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing Gregory S. Shopshire to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Description: By Representative Diggs of Barnstable, a petition of Kip A. Diggs (with the approval of the county commissioners) that Gregory S. Shopshire be authorized to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing Matthew K. Sonnabend to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Description: By Representative Diggs of Barnstable, a petition of Kip A. Diggs and Steven George Xiarhos (with the approval of the county commissioners) that Matthew K. Sonnabend be authorized to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing Jeffrey H. Jackson to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Description: By Representative Diggs of Barnstable, a petition of Kip A. Diggs and Steven George Xiarhos (with the approval of the county commissioners) that Jeffrey H. Jackson be authorized to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing Christopher Arrigo to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Description: By Representative Peake of Provincetown, a petition of Sarah K. Peake (with the approval of the county commissioners) that Christopher Arrigo be authorized to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing Adrian Peters to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Description: By Representative Peake of Provincetown, a petition of Sarah K. Peake (with the approval of the county commissioners) that Adrian Peters be authorized to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing Thomas Harmon to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Description: By Representative Xiarhos of Barnstable, a petition of Steven George Xiarhos (with the approval of the county commissioners) that Thomas Harmon be authorized to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing John R. Stowe, Jr. to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Description: By Representative Xiarhos of Barnstable, a petition of Steven George Xiarhos and Susan L. Moran (with the approval of the county commissioners) that John R. Stowe, Jr., be authorized to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing Wayne A. Ellis to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Description: By Representative Xiarhos of Barnstable, a petition of Steven George Xiarhos (with the approval of the county commissioners) that Wayne A. Ellis be authorized to purchase creditable service from the Barnstable County Retirement Board. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To establish a sick leave bank for Kathleen Donnellan, an employee of the Norfolk Superior Court. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Kathleen Donnellan, an employee of the Norfolk Superior Court. The Judiciary.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Hollie Barter, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Hollie Barter, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the town of Monson treasurer-collector position. Description: Relative to the position of treasurer-collector in the town of Monson. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to civil service positions in the Department of Public Works of the city of Northampton. Description: Relative to civil service positions in the department of public works of the city of Northampton. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Wrentham to exempt the position of Deputy Fire Chief from civil service. Description: That the town of Wrentham be authorized to exempt the position of deputy fire chief of said town from certain provisions of the civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to a condominium conversion ordinance in the city of Salem. Description: Relative to a condominium conversion ordinance in the city of Salem. Housing. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to changing the Board of Selectmen in the Town of Foxborough. Description: That the town of Foxborough be authorized to change the name of the board of selectmen to the select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Amending the charter of the city of Greenfield. Description: Relative to amending the charter of the city known as the town of Greenfield. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for an increase in the membership of the select board in the town of Sterling. Description: For legislation to increase the membership of the select board in the town of Sterling. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Approving the Townsend special act charter. Description: Relative to the charter of the town of Townsend. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Directing the city of Boston police department to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Wendy Pierre-Louis. Description: By Representative Worrell of Boston, a petition of Christopher J. Worrell (with the approval of the mayor and city council) that the police department of the city of Boston be authorized to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Wendy Pierre-Louis. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Truro to establish a program to reduce property tax liability in exchange for volunteer services for persons with disabilities. Description: That the town of Truro be authorized to establish a program to reduce property tax liability in exchange for volunteer services for persons with disabilities. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for David Benway, an employee of the Massachusetts Maritime Academy. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for David Benway, an employee of the Massachusetts Maritime Academy
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the town of Avon’s by-laws. Description: That the town of Avon be authorized to amend the by-laws of said town to change the name of the board of selectmen to select board in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the board of selectmen in the town of Westport. Description: Relative to the board of selectmen in the town of Westport. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To improve the Commonwealth’s competitiveness, affordability, and equity. Description: To improve the Commonwealth’s competitiveness, affordability, and equity
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Jane Racine, an employee of the Department of Developmental Services. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Jane Racine, an employee of the Department of Developmental Services
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Reorganizing the Lexington Housing Assistance Board, Inc. Description: For legislation to reorganize the Lexington Housing Assistance Board, Inc. in the town of Lexington. Housing. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for William Donahue, an employee of the trial court. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for William Donahue, an employee of the Trial Court. The Judiciary.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Lisa Balentine, an employee of the Department of Transitional Assistance. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Lisa Balentine, an employee of the Department of Transitional Assistance. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Conway to continue the employment of police officer Kenneth Ouimette. Description: That the town of Conway be authorized to continue the employment of Kenneth Ouimette, a member of the police department of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to Yarmouth tourism funding change. Description: Relative to authorizing the town of Yarmouth to establish a tourism revenue preservation fund. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Wakefield to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Description: That the town of Wakefield be authorized to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption in said town. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending Chapter 336 of the Acts of 1939 concerning the establishment of the Lynnfield Center Water District. Description: For legislation to further regulate the Lynnfield Center Water District. Environment and Natural Resources.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Dissolving the Hampshire County Regional Housing Authority and incorporating its functions into the Northampton Housing Authority. Description: Relative to dissolving the Hampshire County Regional Housing Authority and incorporating its functions into the Northampton Housing Authority. Housing.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Wendell and the town of New Salem to continue the employment of Joseph J. Cuneo. Description: By Representative Saunders of Belchertown and Senator Comerford, a joint petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Aaron L. Saunders and Joanne M. Comerford (by vote of the towns) that Joseph J. Cuneo be authorized to continue employment as fire chief of the towns of Wendell and New Salem, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Sarah Kolb. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Sarah Kolb
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Michael Grant. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Michael Grant
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the appointment of a commissioner of health and human services in the City of Brockton. Description: That the city of Brockton be authorized to appoint a commissioner of public health for said city. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Holliston to establish a means-tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Description: That the town of Holliston be authorized to establish a means-tested senior citizen property tax exemption in said town. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the membership of the Housing Commission in the town of Lincoln. Description: Relative to the membership of the Housing Commission in the town of Lincoln. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Mansfield to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the town of Mansfield to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Tanya Pizzi, an employee of the department of transportation. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Tanya Pizzi, an employee of the department of transportation
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating a portion of state highway route 28 in the town of Harwich as the Alphonso Palmer Rogers highway. Description: For legislation to designate a portion of state highway Route 28 in the town of Harwich as the Alphonso Palmer Rogers highway. Transportation.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Changing the name of the Board of Selectmen of the town of Gosnold to Selectboard. Description: Relative to changing the name of the board of selectmen of the town of Gosnold to selectboard. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Directing the city of Boston Police Department to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Ariel Rodriguez. Description: For legislation to authorize the appointment of Ariel Rodriguez as a police officer in the city of Boston notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Ana C. Contreras. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Ana C. Contreras, an employee of the Trial Court. The Judiciary.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to provide for a program of housing, community development, economic opportunities, support for local governments, increased innovation and job creation to be issued by the Commonwealth. Description: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to provide for a program of housing, community development, economic opportunities, support for local governments, increased innovation and job creation to be issued by the Commonwealth
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relating to the regular compensation of certain active and retired employees of the city of Fitchburg. Description: Relative to the regular compensation of certain active and retired employees of the city of Fitchburg. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to district city council election in the city of Boston. Description: Relative to district city council election in the city of Boston. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to care, custody, and control and uses of Wing Island. Description: That the town of Brewster be authorized to transfer a certain parcel of land in said town to the conservation commission of said town for conservation and open space purposes. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Creating the appointed positions of town treasurer and tax collector in the town of Westwood. Description: That the town of Westwood be authorized to create the appointed positions of town treasurer and tax collector in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the town of Ashland as the Harold Wadhams Gates memorial bridge. Description: For legislation to designate a certain bridge in the town of Ashland as the Harold Wadhams Gates memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Merging certain voting precincts in the Town of Groton. Description: Relative to merging certain voting precincts in the town of Groton. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Amending the board of works in the town of Lee. Description: For legislation to amend the board of public works in the town of Lee. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions, and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund, and serial bond requirements, and for certain permanent improvements. Description: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions, and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund, and serial bond requirements, and for certain permanent improvements
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the select board of the town of Northborough. Description: That the town of Northborough be authorized to change the name of the board of selectmen in said town to select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of Northborough. Description: That the town of Northborough be authorized to amend the charter of said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Expanding the Select Board of the town of Sharon. Description: That the town of Sharon be authorized to increase the membership of the select board in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Shrewsbury to grant abatement of real estate taxes for the daughter of fallen firefighter Christopher Roy. Description: That the town of Shrewsbury be authorized to grant abatement of certain real estate taxes for the daughter of fallen firefighter Christopher Roy. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Creating the offices of select board and town manager in the town of Sandisfield. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 2100, changed) [Local Approval Received]. June 8, 2023.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the town of Plymouth’s Facilities Improvement Fund. Description: Relative to the facilities improvement fund in the town of Plymouth. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the maximum age requirement for original appointment as a police officer for the town of Dedham. Description: Relative to the maximum age requirement for original appointment as a police officer in the town of Dedham. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Lunenburg to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Description: That the town of Lunenburg be authorized to establish a means-tested senior citizen property tax exemption in said town. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of special police officers in the town of Maynard. Description: Authorizing the appointment of special police officers in the town of Maynard
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of retired police officers as special police officers in the town of Freetown. Description: Authorizing the appointment of retired police officers as special police officers in the town of Freetown
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Maritza Miranda, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Maritza Miranda, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Orleans affordable housing trust to provide for the creation and preservation of attainable housing. Description: By Representative Peake of Provincetown and Senator Cyr, a joint petition of Sarah K. Peake and Julian Cyr (by vote of the town) that the affordable housing trust of the town of Orleans be authorized to provide for the creation and preservation of attainable housing. Housing. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making certain appropriations for Fiscal Year 2024 before final action on the General Appropriation Bill. Description: Making certain appropriations for Fiscal Year 2024 before final action on the General Appropriation Bill
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Canton to grant temporary and permanent easements of certain land of the town situated in the town of Stoughton for highway purposes. Description: That the town of Canton be authorized to grant easements of certain land of said town situated in the town of Stoughton for highway purposes. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Thomas Hartley, an employee of the Department of Corrections. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Thomas Hartley, an employee of the Department of Correction. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Northampton to grant seven additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the city of Northampton to grant seven additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the city of Easthampton. Description: For legislation to amend the charter of the city of Easthampton. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing the position of Town Manager in the town of Belchertown. Description: For legislation to establish the position of town manager in the town of Belchertown. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting Eric Robert Esteves from the maximum age requirements for police officers in the town of Ware. Description: Relative to exempting Eric Robert Esteves from the maximum age requirements for police officers in the town of Ware. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting Joanne Ricardelli from the maximum age requirements for firefighters in the town of Wilmington. Description: For legislation to exempt Joanne Ricardelli from the maximum age requirement for appointment as a firefighter in the town of Wilmington. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to erecting a bench in honor of Rita Walsh in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Boston. Description: By Representative Consalvo of Boston, a petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Rob Consalvo that the Department of Conservation and Recreation be authorized to erect a bench in the Hyde Park neighborhood of the city of Boston in honor of Rita Walsh. Environment and Natural Resources.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Further amending the charter of the town of Middleton. Description: Relative to amending the charter of the town of Middleton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing attainable housing and Chatham elementary school special revenue accounts for the town of Chatham. Description: That the town of Chatham be authorized to establish two special revenue accounts to support the development of attainable housing in said town and the administration and operation of the Chatham elementary school. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing Cynthia Falzone to purchase creditable service from the Norfolk county retirement board. Description: Authorizing Cynthia Falzone to purchase creditable service from the Norfolk county retirement board
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Anastasios Milonopoulos, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Correction. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Anastasios Milonopoulos, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Correction
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing an appointed town clerk in the town of Rutland. Description: That the town of Rutland be authorized to establish an appointed town clerk in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the select board of the town of Uxbridge. Description: Relative to changing the name of the board of selectmen to select board in the town of Uxbridge. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Charlemont to continue the employment of fire department member Dennis Annear. Description: That the town of Charlemont be authorized to continue the employment of fire department member Dennis Annear. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Rowe to continue the employment of fire department member Dennis Annear. Description: That the town of Rowe be authorized to continue the employment of fire department member Dennis Annear. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2023 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2023 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To amend the Needham charter. Description: For legislation to amend the charter of the town of Needham. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Holliston to continue the employment of Mark Dellicker as deputy fire chief until a maximum age of 70. Description: That the town of Holliston be authorized to continue the employment of Mark Dellicker as deputy fire chief of said town notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Sunderland to continue the employment of fire department member Scott Smith. Description: That the town of Sunderland be authorized to continue the employment of fire department member Scott Smith. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Kimberly Riggins, an employee of the Department of Correction. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Kimberly Riggins, an employee of the Department of Correction. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To designate the Route 9 highway bridge between Belchertown and Ware as the Kenneth J. Iwasinski Memorial Bridge. Description: For legislation to designate a certain bridge on state Route 9 between the towns of Belchertown and Ware as the Kenneth J. Iwasinski memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Extending the date for issuance of certain licenses for the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises in Hanover. Description: Relative to extending the date for issuance of certain licenses for the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises in the town of Hanover. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Board of Selectmen of the town of Rockland to serve as cemetery commissioners for the town of Rockland. Description: By Representative DeCoste of Norwell, a petition of David F. DeCoste and John F. Keenan (by vote of the town) that the board of selectmen of the town of Rockland be authorized to serve as cemetery commissioners for said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the appointment of a treasurer-collector in the town of Kingston. Description: Relative to the appointment of a treasurer-collector in the town of Kingston. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Eastham, acting by and through its board of selectmen, to convey a conservation restriction on a certain parcel of land to the Eastham conservation foundation, inc. Description: That the town of Eastham be authorized to convey a conservation restriction on a certain parcel of land to the Eastham Conservation Foundation, Inc. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Financing improvements to municipal roads and bridges. Description: Financing improvements to municipal roads and bridges
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making certain appropriations for fiscal year 2024 before final action on the General Appropriation Bill. Description: Making certain appropriations for fiscal year 2024 before final action on the General Appropriation Bill
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Changing the timing of preliminary elections in the city known as the town of Agawam to eight weeks preceding regular elections. Description: That the city known as the town of Agawam be authorized to change the timing of preliminary elections in said town to eight weeks preceding regular elections. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Amending the town manager act of Arlington relative to the appointment of the town manager. Description: For legislation to amend the town manager act for the town of Arlington relative to the appointment of the town manager. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Allowing print free digital legal notices for the town of Arlington. Description: For legislation to allow print free digital legal notices for the town of Arlington. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Paul Verdini. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Paul Verdini, an employee of the Department of Correction. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2023 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2023 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the charter of the town of Rockland. Description: Relative to changing the name of the board of selectmen to select board in the town of Rockland. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to certain parcels of land in the town of Cohasset. Description: Relative to the transfer of certain parcels of land in the town of Cohasset for general municipal purposes and for telecommunications leases and easements. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the planning board in the town of Shutesbury. Description: Relative to the membership of the planning board in the town of Shutesbury. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing certain investments by the treasurer of the town of Norton. Description: For legislation to authorize certain investments by the treasurer of the town of Norton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating April 5 as Okur-Chung Neurodevelopmental Syndrome Awareness Day. Description: By Representative Kassner of Hamilton and Senator Tarr, a joint petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Kristin E. Kassner, Bruce E. Tarr and others for the issuance of an annual proclamation by the Governor to designate April 5 as Okur-Chung Neurodevelopmental Syndrome awareness day. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting the certain individual from the age restrictions for police officers. Description: That the town of Wrentham be authorized to continue the employment of police chief William McGrath, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Facilitating the appropriation and expenditure of community preservation funds for community housing purposes in the town of Wellesley. Description: Relative to the appropriation and expenditure of community preservation funds for community housing purposes in the town of Wellesley. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating Childs River Overpass Route 28 Falmouth for Marine Combat Veteran Kevin P. Quinn. Description: For legislation to designate a certain bridge on state Route 28 in the town of Falmouth as the Kevin P. Quinn. memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to establishing a trust to administer a length of service award program for the Swansea Fire Department. Description: That the town of Swansea be authorized to establish a trust to administer a length of service award program for volunteer firefighters of the fire department of said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Northfield to continue the employment of Floyd Dunnell, III. Description: Authorizing the town of Northfield to continue the employment of Floyd Dunnell, III
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the preparation of bilingual ballots in English and Haitian Creole in the city known as the town of Randolph. Description: Relative to the preparation of bilingual ballots in English and Haitian Creole for state elections in the city known as the town of Randolph. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to requiring the Highway Division of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation to establish a department and licensure process to oversee quarries producing concrete aggregate. Description: Being the text of Sections 8 and 101 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4040), which had been returned by Her Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message, see Attachment C of House, No. 4055). August 9, 2023.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for unlimited free phone calls to incarcerated individuals. Description: Sections 50, 85 and 111 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4040), which had been returned by Her Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment E of House, No. 4055). August 9, 2023.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the paid family and medical leave program. Description: Section 57 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4040), which had been returned by Her Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment F of House, No. 4055). August 9, 2023.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the rate of payment for certain MassHealth ground ambulance services. Description: Section 87 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4040), which had been returned by Her Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment G of House, No. 4055). August 9, 2023.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing the appointed office of Town Clerk in the town of Bolton. Description: For legislation to establish the position of appointed town clerk in the town of Bolton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth. Description: Relative to providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the act establishing a charter for the town of Wrentham. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 4061) [Local Approval Received]. August 17, 2023.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Permitting the town of Wakefield to convey an easement to the Wakefield Municipal Gas & Light Department. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 3995) [Local Approval Received]. August 17, 2023.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Bernardston to continue the employment of fire chief Peter Shedd. Description: That the town of Bernardston be authorized to continue the employment of Peter Shedd as fire chief of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Validating the actions taken at the Princeton annual town meeting. Description: Validating the actions taken at the Princeton annual town meeting
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Directing the city of Boston Police Department to waive the maximum age requirement for admission into the police academy for Luigi D'Addieco. Description: For legislation to authorize the city of Boston to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Luigi D'Addieco. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting the positions of police chief and fire chief in the city of Greenfield from the civil service law. Description: That the city of Greenfield be authorized to exempt the positions of police chief and fire chief in said town from the civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to changing the term of the elected office of moderator for the town of Stoneham. Description: That the town of Stoneham be authorized to change the terms of the elected office of moderator for said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Enhancing the Historic Beacon Hill District. Description: For legislation to increase the size of the Historic Beacon Hill District. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the office of town clerk and town treasurer in the town known as Southwick. Description: Relative to the office of town clerk and town treasurer in the town of Southwick. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Clarifying the application of judicial retirement law. Description: Clarifying the application of judicial retirement law
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Paul O'Brien, an employee of the Trial Court of the Commonwealth. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Paul O'Brien, an employee of the Trial Court. The Judiciary.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Matthew McRae. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Matthew McRae
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of Swampscott. Description: That the town of Swampscott be authorized to amend the charter of said town to change the board of selectmen to a select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Relative to the charter of the town of Provincetown. Description: Relative to candidates for elected office in the town of Provincetown. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the home rule charter of the city of Beverly. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 3747) [Local Approval Received]. September 14, 2023.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Increasing the membership of the select board of the town of Merrimac from 3 members to 5 members. Description: That the town of Merrimac be authorized to increase the number of select board members in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Hull to lease certain property and to extend leases on certain property to promote economic development and the more effective use of town property. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 2083) [Local Approval Received]. September 21, 2023.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To improve the Commonwealth’s competitiveness, affordability, and equity. Description: To improve the Commonwealth’s competitiveness, affordability, and equity
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge as the Lt. David S. Cutler memorial bridge. Description: For legislation to designate a certain bridge spanning the North River in the towns of Marshfield and Norwell as the Lt. David S. Cutler memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to salary range transparency. Description: Relative to salary range transparency
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Jaer J. Martinez, an employee of the department of transitional assistance. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Jaer J. Martinez, an employee of the department of transitional assistance
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Further regulating special police officers in the town of Hudson. Description: For legislation to further regulate special police officers in the town of Hudson. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain overpass in the town of Stoneham as the State Trooper Tamar A. Bucci Memorial Bridge. Description: Designating a certain overpass in the town of Stoneham as the State Trooper Tamar A. Bucci Memorial Bridge
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing recall methods for elected officials in the town of Lakeville. Description: Relative to establishing recall methods for elected officials in the town of Lakeville. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Newton to lease the Warren Junior High School for a term of years not exceeding 99 years. Description: That the city of Newton be authorized to lease the Warren Junior High School for a term of years not exceeding 99 years. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to acceptance of certain types of identification to purchase alcohol in Massachusetts. Description: Relative to acceptance of certain types of identification to purchase alcohol in Massachusetts
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Allowing electronic delivery receipts for certain bulk sale customers. Description: Allowing electronic delivery receipts for certain bulk sale customers
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Modernizing firearm laws. Description: Modernizing firearm laws
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the conservation commission of the town of Westford to transfer certain easements to the select board of the town of Westford. Description: For legislation to authorize the conservation commission of the town of Westford to transfer certain easements to the select board of said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of special police officers in the city of Waltham to allow said special police officers to serve until the age of 70. Description: That the city of Waltham be authorized to appoint special police officers to serve until the age of 70. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Corinne Senna. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Corinne Senna, an employee of the Trial Court. The Judiciary.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the continued employment of Glenn Davis, the Fire Chief of the town of Lynnfield. Description: That the town of Lynnfield be authorized to continue the employment of Glenn Davis, the fire chief of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing Brandon Fredette to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: By Representative Vargas of Haverhill, a petition of Andres X. Vargas (with the approval of the mayor and city council) that Brandon Fredette be authorized to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing Brian Dacey to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: By Representative Vargas of Haverhill, a petition of Andres X. Vargas (with the approval of the mayor and city council) that Brian Dacey be authorized to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing Derek Clark to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: By Representative Vargas of Haverhill, a petition of Andres X. Vargas (with the approval of the mayor and city council) that Derek Clark be authorized to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for alternate members of the Mattapoisett conservation commission. Description: Relative to providing for alternate members of the Mattapoisett conservation commission in the town of Mattapoisett. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Validating the results of the annual election held in the town of Deerfield on May 2, 2022. Description: Relative to validating the results of the annual election held in the town of Deerfield on May 2, 2022 (House, No. 4157). November 1, 2023.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the town of Lanesborough employee training. Description: Relative to trainings for employees of the town of Lanesborough. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for an alternate member of the town of Mattapoisett finance committee. Description: Relative to providing for an alternate member of the finance committee in the town of Mattapoisett. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To designate a certain bridge in the town of Lexington in honor of Henry N. “Hank” Manz. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 3286). November 2, 2023.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Dedicating the boat ramp at Bicentennial Park in the city of Fall River as the State Representative Manuel Raposa Jr. Boat Ramp. Description: By Representative Fiola of Fall River and Senator Rodrigues, a joint petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Carole A. Fiola and Michael J. Rodrigues that the boat ramp at Bicentennial Park in the city of Fall River be designated as the State Representative Manuel Raposa Jr. Boat Ramp. Environment and Natural Resources.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Anthony Fannoh, Jr. an employee of the Department of Mental Health. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Anthony Fannoh, Jr., an employee of the Department of Mental Health. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to creditable service for Abby Levin, a member of the Massachusetts Teachers’ Retirement System. Description: Relative to creditable service for Abby Levin, a member of the Massachusetts Teachers’ Retirement System
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of North Reading to use a portion of conservation land for public way purposes. Description: That the town of North Reading be authorized to use a portion of conservation land for public way purposes. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Sharon to change the use of a certain parcel of land acquired for outdoor recreational purposes to a use for general municipal purposes. Description: That the town of Sharon be authorized to change the use of a certain parcel of land in said town acquired for outdoor recreational purposes to a use for general municipal purposes. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2023 for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: House bill No. 4167, as amended and passed to be engrossed by the House. November 8, 2023
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating a the Greatest Neighborhood Park, in the city of Boston, as the “Jim Campano Park". Description: Relative to designating the Greatest Neighborhood Park, in the West End neighborhood of the city of Boston, as the Jim Campano park. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting the position of deputy fire chief of the town of Chelmsford from the civil service law. Description: Relative to exempting the position of deputy fire chief of the town of Chelmsford from the provisions of the civil service law. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the city of Chelsea. Description: That the city of Chelsea be authorized to amend the charter of said city. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Mashpee to lease certain town land to the Boys and Girls Club of Cape Cod, Inc. Description: That the town of Mashpee be authorized to lease certain land in said town to the Boys and Girls Club of Cape Cod, Inc. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Mashpee to convey certain town owned conservation land to Jacques and Rosalie Fresco. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 2118). November 15, 2023.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the licensing authority of the town of Natick to establish minimum seating capacity for granting licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages or wine and malt beverages to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the licensing authority of the town of Natick to establish minimum seating capacity for granting licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages or wine and malt beverages to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Westford to issue an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the town of Westford to issue an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Granting an additional liquor license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises in the town of Chatham. Description: Granting an additional liquor license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises in the town of Chatham
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Weston to grant an additional license for the sale of wines at a food store. Description: Authorizing the town of Weston to grant an additional license for the sale of wines at a food store
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Greenfield to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the city of Greenfield to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Williamstown to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the town of Williamstown to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To improve quality and oversight of long-term care. Description: To improve quality and oversight of long-term care
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the charter in the town of Groton. Description: Relative to the charter in the town of Groton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Chesterfield to continue the employment of reserve special police officer Greg Smith. Description: Authorizing the town of Chesterfield to continue the employment of reserve special police officer Greg Smith
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of West Stockbridge to continue the employment of Steven Traver as fire chief. Description: Authorizing the town of West Stockbridge to continue the employment of Steven Traver as fire chief
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Richmond to continue the employment of Steven Traver as fire chief. Description: Authorizing the town of Richmond to continue the employment of Steven Traver as fire chief
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: To prohibit hunting on property owned by the Department of Correction and located at 28A Union turnpike in the town of Concord. Description: For legislation to regulate hunting on certain property owned by the Department of Correction in the town of Concord. Environment and Natural Resources.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the administrative assistant to the board of assessors of the city of New Bedford to be a non-resident. Description: That the city of New Bedford be authorized to employ a non-resident as the administrative assistant to the board of assessors of said city. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of Westborough. Description: For legislation to amend the charter of the town of Westborough. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to town elections in the town of Hopkinton. Description: Relative to town elections in the town of Hopkinton. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2023 for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2023 for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Somerville to appoint an alternate member to the licensing commission. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 3969). December 7, 2023.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Directing the City of Boston Police Department to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Terrance Joseph Williams. Description: That the city of Boston be authorized to appoint Terrance Joseph Williams a police officer in said city, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Creating a sick leave bank for Kelly Wheeler, an employee of the Department of Developmental Services. Description: Creating a sick leave bank for Kelly Wheeler, an employee of the Department of Developmental Services
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the retirement of William R. Cushing Jr., a police officer in the city known as the town of Braintree. Description: That the city known as the town of Braintree be authorized to provide for the retirement of William R. Cushing Jr., a police officer in said city. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Warren to continue the employment of Steven Perkins. Description: That the town of Warren be authorized to continue the employment of Steven Perkins, a member of the fire department of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Protecting the right to time off for voting. Description: Protecting the right to time off for voting
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the act authorizing the town of Deerfield to construct and operate systems of sewers. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 3841). December 18, 2023.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the special act charter of the town of Northampton. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 4080). December 18, 2023.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the treasurer-collector of the town of Sherborn. Description: That the town of Sherborn be authorized to establish the position of the treasurer-collector in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the provision of health insurance for eligible employees and retirees in the town of Worthington. Description: Relative to the provision of health insurance for eligible employees and retirees in the town of Worthington. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Cheryl Thouin, an employee of the Hampshire County Sheriff’s Office. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Cheryl Thouin, an employee of the Hampshire County Sheriff’s Office. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Relative to the fair housing ordinance of the city of Cambridge. Description: For legislation to further regulate the fair housing ordinance of the city of Cambridge. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Repealing the prohibition of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority from locating a facility within a certain distance of the Arlington Catholic High School. Description: For legislation to repeal the prohibition of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority from locating a facility within a certain distance of the Arlington Catholic High School. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Approving the town of Wrentham home rule charter as amended. Description: For legislation to amend the charter of the town of Wrentham. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To establish Noah Fernandes mitochondrial disease awareness day. Description: By Representative Cabral of New Bedford, a petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Antonio F. D. Cabral for the annual issuance by the Governor of a proclamation setting apart the Friday of the third full week of September as Noah Fernandes Mitochondrial Disease awareness day. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To prevent abuse and exploitation. Description: To prevent abuse and exploitation
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Validating a certain vote taken by the city of Attleboro in Ch.228 of the Acts of 2022. Description: For legislation to validate a vote providing for the laying out and acceptance of certain ways by the city of Attleboro. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Changing the board of selectmen in the town of Dunstable to the select board. Description: That the town of Dunstable be authorized to change the name of the board of selectmen to the select board in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Littleton to provide drinking water to the inhabitants of the town of Boxborough. Description: That the town of Littleton be authorized to provide drinking water to the inhabitants of the town of Boxborough. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Sheri Panas, an employee of the department of unemployment assistance. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Sheri Panas, an employee of the Department of Unemployment Assistance. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Jonathan Corey, an employee of the Suffolk county sheriff's department. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Jonathan Corey, an employee of the Suffolk county sheriff's department. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Lincoln to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption program. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 2810) [Local Approval Received]. January 18, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Cambridge to increase the fines for failure to move parked vehicles during street cleaning in the city above the limits set forth in M.G.L. C. 90, §20A½. Description: That the city of Cambridge be authorized to increase the fines for failure to move parked vehicles during street cleaning in said city above certain set limits. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to providing for recall elections in the town of North Brookfield. Description: Relative to providing for recall elections in the town of North Brookfield. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Somerset to acquire interests in land for sewer purposes. Description: That the town of Somerset be authorized to acquire interests in certain land in said town for sewer purposes. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Danielle M. Alachoyan, an employee of the Department of Correction. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Danielle M. Alachoyan, an employee of the Department of Correction. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to insurance claims. Description: For legislation to further regulate insurance claims. Financial Services.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Increasing penalties for hit and runs with recreational vehicles in the Commonwealth to be known as the James Ward Act. Description: Increasing penalties for hit and runs with recreational vehicles in the Commonwealth to be known as the James Ward Act
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the offense of assault and battery upon a transit worker. Description: Relative to the offense of assault and battery upon a transit worker
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the Greater Lawrence Regional Vocational Technical high school. Description: Relative to the Greater Lawrence Regional Vocational Technical High School. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to individuals with intellectual or developmental disabilities. Description: Relative to individuals with intellectual or developmental disabilities
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending Chapter 250 of the Acts of 2016 to include the city of Salem designated port area as part of the Salem Harbor port area. Description: For legislation to include the city of Salem designated port area as part of the Salem Harbor Port Area. Transportation. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Increasing the town of Northfield Board of Sewer Commissioners from three to five members. Description: Relative to increasing the town of Northfield Board of Sewer Commissioners from three to five members. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Directing the town of Burlington Fire Department to waive the maximum age requirement for firefighter for Ryan DeCoste. Description: That the town of Burlington be authorized to appoint Ryan DeCoste as a firefighter in said town, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Dracut to adopt alternative methods for notice of public hearings. Description: That the town of Dracut be authorized to adopt alternative methods for notice of public hearings. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Directing the city of Boston Police Department to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Nuias Daveiga. Description: That the city of Boston be authorized to appoint Nuias Daveiga a police officer in said city notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Correcting the membership date of a certain police officer in the town of North Reading relative to their membership in the Middlesex county retirement system. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill exempting Thomas Romeo from the 75% pension and annuity limitation for police officers hired after January 1, 1988 set forth in Chapter 32, Section 7(2)(a)(ii) of the General Laws (House, No. 4164) [Local Approval Received]. February 22, 2024
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Division of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey a certain portion of the Gardner Heritage State Park to the city of Gardner. Description: Authorizing the Division of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey a certain portion of the Gardner Heritage State Park to the city of Gardner
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Lynn to use certain park land for school purposes. Description: Authorizing the city of Lynn to use certain park land for school purposes
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to equitable court staffing. Description: Relative to equitable court staffing
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the appointed office of town clerk in the town known as Huntington. Description: That the town of Huntington be authorized to establish the appointed office of town clerk in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the retirement classification of certain employees of the city of Beverly. Description: Relative to the retirement classification of certain employees of the city of Beverly. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Providing for state financial interests flexibility. Description: Providing for state financial interests flexibility
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of retired police officers to perform police details. Description: Authorizing the appointment of retired police officers to perform police details
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: House bill No. 4460, as amended by the House and passed to be engrossed. March 6, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: In the town of Hanson local licenses and permits; denial, revocation or suspension for failure to comply with conditions of approval. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 3984). March 7, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to termination of sales to wholesalers by suppliers of alcoholic beverages. Description: Relative to termination of sales to wholesalers by suppliers of alcoholic beverages
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to restricted vital records. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 3092). March 14, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Designating a certain roundabout in the town of Orleans in honor of Dorofei Klimshuk. Description: By Representative Peake of Provincetown and Senator Cyr, a joint petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Sarah K. Peake and Julian Cyr that the roundabout at the intersection of state highways routes 28 and 39 in the town of Orleans shall be designated in honor of Dorofei Klimshuk. Transportation. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the town of Harwich as the United States Army Private First Class Joseph C. Blute memorial bridge. Description: By Representative Peake of Provincetown, a petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Sarah K. Peake and Julian Cyr that a certain bridge on state highway Route 28 in the town of Harwich be designated as the United States Army Private First Class Joseph C. Blute memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the safe operation of motor vehicles. Description: Relative to the safe operation of motor vehicles
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Directing the Worcester County Retirement Board to credit Curtis Meskus. Description: By Representative Frost of Auburn, a petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Paul K. Frost and Ryan C. Fattman that the Worcester County Retirement Board be authorized to credit Curtis Meskus, a member of the Worcester regional retirement system, with creditable service for certain active duty service. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Joel Larochelle. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Joel Larochelle, an employee of the Department of Correction. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the election and composition of the conservation commission within the town of Southwick. Description: Relative to the election and composition of the conservation commission in the town of Southwick. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the maximum amount of fines which may be imposed for violations of ordinances in the city of Boston. Description: That the city of Boston be authorized to increase the maximum amount of fines which may be imposed for violations of ordinances in said city. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Watertown to place municipal charge liens on certain properties in the city of Watertown for nonpayment of any local charge, fee or fine. Description: That the city of Watertown be authorized to place municipal charge liens on certain properties in said city for nonpayment of any local charges, fees or fines. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Repealing certain fiscal stability procedures in the towns of Chesterfield and Goshen. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 4019). April 1, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Regarding the age requirement for police officers for the city of Malden. Description: Relative to the age requirement for police officers for the city of Malden. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To rename the Massachusetts Rehabilitation Commission, MassAbility, to reflect the self-determination and limitless possibilities of people with disabilities. Description: To rename the Massachusetts Rehabilitation Commission, MassAbility, to reflect the self-determination and limitless possibilities of people with disabilities
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Financing improvements to municipal roads and bridges. Description: Financing improvements to municipal roads and bridges
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Tamara M. Luciani, an employee of the Trial Court of the Commonwealth. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Tamara M. Luciani, an employee of the Trial Court. The Judiciary.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Michael Lewis. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Michael Lewis
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the filling of vacancies in the office of mayor of the city of Revere. Description: Relative to the filling of vacancies in the office of mayor of the city of Revere. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Deerfield to continue the employment of police department members Michael W. Habel, Robert A. Thrasher, and Mark Jacques. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 4291) [Local Approval Received]. April 16, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of Scituate. Description: Relative to amending the charter of the town of Scituate. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Carlisle to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Description: That the town of Carlisle be authorized to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to retired fire fighters in the city of Newton. Description: Relative to retired fire fighters in the city of Newton
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Dissolving the Whately Water District. Description: For legislation to dissolve the Whately Water District. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Changing the use of school land in the city of Gardner. Description: By Representative Zlotnik of Gardner, a petition of Jonathan D. Zlotnik (with the approval of the mayor and city council) that certain land in the city of Gardner be changed from use as a public school to use for general municipal purposes. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Directing the City of Boston Police Department to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Paul O'Brien. Description: That the city of Boston be authorized to appoint Paul O'Brien a police officer notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2025 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions, and certain activities of the commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund, and serial bond requirements, and for certain permanent improvements. Description: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2025 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions, and certain activities of the commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund, and serial bond requirements, and for certain permanent improvements
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of state highway Route 7 in the town of Sheffield as the Brigadier-General John G. Barnard highway. Description: By Representative Pignatelli of Lenox and Senator Mark, a joint petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Smitty Pignatelli and Paul W. Mark that a certain portion of state highway Route 7 in the town of Sheffield be designated as the Brigadier-General John G. Barnard highway. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of state highway Route 41 in the town of West Stockbridge as the Gene Dellea highway. Description: By Representative Pignatelli of Lenox and Senator Mark, a joint petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Smitty Pignatelli and Paul W. Mark that a certain portion of state highway Route 41 in the town of West Stockbridge be designated as the Gene Dellea highway. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of state highway Route 23 west and 41 south in the town of Egremont as the George McGurn memorial highway. Description: For legislation to designate a portion of state highway Routes 23 west and 41 south in the town of Egremont as the George McGurn memorial highway. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Establishing the North Sherborn Water and Sewer District. Description: That the town of Sherborn be authorized to establish the North Sherborn Water and Sewer District in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to city employment and candidacy in the offices of mayor, city councillor-at-large, ward councillor, and school committee of the city of Revere. Description: Relative to city employment and candidacy in the offices of mayor, city councillor-at-large, ward councillor, and school committee in the city of Revere. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Regarding the appointment of officials and employees of the town of Andover. Description: Relative to the appointment of officials and employees of the town of Andover. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Kendra Winner. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Kendra Winner
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Nantucket to convey a certain parcel of land situated in the town of Nantucket held for park purposes to the Nantucket Conservation Foundation Inc. for open space, recreational, and conservation purposes. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 4046). May 15, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Nantucket to convey certain land situated in the town of Nantucket held for open space, recreational or conservation purposes to the Nantucket Islands Land Bank for the purposes pursuant to its legislation. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 4077). May 15, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To provide for the future information technology needs of Massachusetts.. Description: House bill No. 4642, as amended and passed to be engrossed by the House. May 15, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: An authorizing the city of Somerville to continue the employment of Charles J. Femino as acting chief of police. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 4465) [Local Approval Received]. May 16, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Allowing "print free" digital legal notices for the town of Lexington. Description: That the town of Lexington be authorized to satisfy legal notice requirements by digital publication. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Exempting the office of chief of police in the town of Leicester from the civil service law. Description: By Representative LeBoeuf of Worcester, a petition of David Henry Argosky LeBoeuf (by vote of the town) that the office of chief of police in the town of Leicester be exempt from certain provisions of the civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to extending the period of the service of the current police chief in the town of Leicester. Description: That the town of Leicester be authorized to continue the employment of Kenneth M. Antanavica, the police chief of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Enhancing the market review process. Description: House bill No. 4643, as amended and passed to be engrossed by the House. May 16, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Allowing "print-free" digital legal notices for the town of Lincoln. Description: That the town of Lincoln be authorized to satisfy legal notice requirements by digital publication. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of retired firefighters as special firefighters in the city of Quincy. Description: Authorizing the appointment of retired firefighters as special firefighters in the city of Quincy
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Honoring, empowering, and recognizing our servicemembers and veterans. Description: Honoring, empowering, and recognizing our servicemembers and veterans
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to bidding requirements for certain affordable projects in the town of Westborough. Description: Relative to bidding requirements for certain affordable projects in the town of Westborough. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Amending the town charter in the town of Grafton relative to appointments by the town select board and the town administrator and the reference to the town’s website. Description: Relative to appointments by the town select board and the town administrator and the reference to the website in the town of Grafton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Amending the town charter in the town of Grafton relative to the town school committee and the Grafton housing authority. Description: Relative to the school committee and the housing authority in the town of Grafton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Relative to the charter and the town clerk in town of Grafton. Description: Relative to the charter and the town clerk in the town of Grafton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Amending the town charter in the town of Grafton relative to transitional provisions of the charter. Description: Relativerelative to transitional provisions of the charter. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Natick to continue the employment of police officer John Haswell. Description: That the town of Natick be authorized to continue the employment of police officer John Haswell, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Northfield to continue the employment of Floyd Dunnell, III. Description: That the town of Northfield be authorized to continue the employment of Floyd Dunnell, III as fire chief of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Palmer to grant additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages. Description: Authorizing the town of Palmer to grant additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing additional licenses for the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises in Boston. Description: Authorizing additional licenses for the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises in Boston
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a model carrier reporting requirement. Description: Relative to a model carrier reporting requirement
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the direct wine shipper license. Description: Relative to the direct wine shipper license
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Clarifying creditable service buyback for publicly funded non-public schools. Description: Clarifying creditable service buyback for publicly funded non-public schools
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the commissioner of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey certain parcels of land to the city of Lowell. Description: Authorizing the commissioner of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey certain parcels of land to the city of Lowell
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the commissioner of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey certain parcels of land in the town of Lancaster. Description: Authorizing the commissioner of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey certain parcels of land in the town of Lancaster
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Paul M. Letendre, an employee of the Department of Correction. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Paul M. Letendre, an employee of the Department of Correction. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Relative to town meeting vacancy in the town of Burlington. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 4403) [Local Approval Received]. June 3, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Affordable Homes Act. Description: Relative to the Affordable Homes Act
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the appointment and election restrictions on finance committee and capital planning members in the town of Newbury. Description: Relative to the appointment and election restrictions on finance committee and capital planning members in the town of Newbury. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To prevent abuse and exploitation. Description: To prevent abuse and exploitation
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Supporting farm diversification and sustainability. Description: Supporting farm diversification and sustainability
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to disability pensions and critical incident stress management for violent crimes. Description: Relative to disability pensions and critical incident stress management for violent crimes
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing an appointed treasurer for the city of Holyoke. Description: That the city of Holyoke be authorized to establish the position of appointed treasurer for said city. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Alicia Orlow. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Alicia Orlow
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To ensure legal parentage equality. Description: To ensure legal parentage equality
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing an extended term of agreement between the town of Foxborough and the town of Sharon for municipal sewer service. Description: Relative to authorizing an extended term of agreement between the town of Foxborough and the town of Sharon for municipal sewer service. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Gabriella Ruocco. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Gabriella Ruocco, an employee of the Department of the State Police. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to treatments and coverage for substance use disorder and recovery coach licensure. Description: Relative to treatments and coverage for substance use disorder and recovery coach licensure
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Springfield to continue the employment of police officer Lawrence E. Akers. Description: Authorizing the city of Springfield to continue the employment of police officer Lawrence E. Akers
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Williamsburg to continue employment of Glen Everett beyond the age of 65. Description: That the town of Williamsburg be authorized to continue the employment of Glen Everett as a firefighter notwithstanding the mandatory retirement age in said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To modernize the Massachusetts insurer’s insolvency fund. Description: To modernize the Massachusetts insurer’s insolvency fund
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth. Description: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing employment contracts with persons serving as Deputy Police Chief in the town of Milford. Description: Relative to employment contracts with persons serving as deputy police chief in the town of Milford. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Extension for mandatory retirement. Description: That the town of West Brookfield be authorized to continue the employment of Daniel Santos as deputy chief in the fire department of said town until the age of 70. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Extension for mandatory retirement. Description: That the town of West Brookfield be authorized to continue the employment of George Kenneth Collette as a lieutenant in the fire department of said town until the age of 70. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the minimum years of service required to be eligible for a civil service promotion to the position of fire lieutenant in the town of Milford. Description: Relative to the minimum years of service required to be eligible for a civil service promotion to the position of fire lieutenant in the town of Milford. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of North Reading to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Description: That the town of North Reading be authorized to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption in said town. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Promoting access to midwifery care and out-of-hospital birth options. Description: Promoting access to midwifery care and out-of-hospital birth options
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making certain appropriations for Fiscal Year 2025 before final action on the General Appropriation Bill. Description: Making certain appropriations for Fiscal Year 2025 before final action on the General Appropriation Bill
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Division of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey certain land in the town of Lancaster to Robert F. Kennedy Community Alliance, Inc.. Description: Authorizing the Division of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey certain land in the town of Lancaster to Robert F. Kennedy Community Alliance, Inc.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Regarding the continued employment of a certain employee of the town of Oxford. Description: That the town of Oxford be authorized to continue the employment of Craig Gagner, a member of the police department of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2025 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions, and certain activities of the commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund, and serial bond requirements, and for certain permanent improvements. Description: The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two branches with reference to the Senate amendment of the House Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2025 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions, and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund, and serial bond requirements, and for certain permanent improvements (House, No. 4601), reports, in part, recommending passage of the accompanying bill (House, No. 4800).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to municipal tax lien procedures and protections for property owners in the Commonwealth. Description: Relative to municipal tax lien procedures and protections for property owners in the Commonwealth
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to strengthening Massachusetts’ economic leadership. Description: Relative to strengthening Massachusetts’ economic leadership
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Updating the accuracy of membership to the state advisory council on early education and care. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 551). July 1, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Increasing the membership of the Select Board for the Town of Lancaster. Description: That the town of Lancaster be authorized to increase the membership of its select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Increasing the age limit for the appointment of special police officers in the city of Springfield. Description: Increasing the age limit for the appointment of special police officers in the city of Springfield
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Relative to the regulation of money transmission by the Division of Banks. Description: Relative to the regulation of money transmission by the Division of Banks
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To preserve special needs trusts for disabled seniors. Description: To preserve special needs trusts for disabled seniors
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to dental hygienist reciprocal licensure. Description: Relative to dental hygienist reciprocal licensure
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Division of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey certain parcels of land to the town of Bolton. Description: Authorizing the Division of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey certain parcels of land to the town of Bolton
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Providing protections for reproductive or gender-affirming care location information. Description: Providing protections for reproductive or gender-affirming care location information
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of Hopkinton to correct a statutory reference. Description: Relative to amending the charter of the town of Hopkinton to correct a statutory reference. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Hopkinton to establish a means-tested senior citizen property tax exemption for school building construction projects. Description: That the town of Hopkinton be authorized to establish a means-tested senior citizen property tax exemption for school building construction projects. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Weston to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the town of Weston to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Plymouth to grant 2 additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages. Description: Authorizing the town of Plymouth to grant 2 additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Sharon to adopt alternative methods for notice of public hearings. Description: That the town of Sharon be authorized to adopt alternative methods for notice of public hearings in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Lee to continue the employment of assistant chief Glenn M. Wilcox. Description: That the town of Lee be authorized to continue the employment of Glenn M. Wilcox as the assistant chief of the fire department of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing Christina Rodriguez to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: For legislation to authorize Christina Rodriguez to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing Gustavo Romero to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: For legislation to authorize Gustavo Romero to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To amend chapter 336 of the acts of 2004 relative to the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises of clubs or veterans' organizations in the town of Natick. Description: To amend chapter 336 of the acts of 2004 relative to the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises of clubs or veterans' organizations in the town of Natick
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Wrentham to grant an additional 7 licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the town of Wrentham to grant an additional 7 licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Holliston to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages. Description: Authorizing the town of Holliston to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the city of Gardner. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 4285) [Local Approval Received]. July 15, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the transfer of real property from the Silver Lake regional school district to the town of Kingston. Description: Relative to the transfer of real property from the Silver Lake regional school district to the town of Kingston. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the appointed office of town clerk in the town of Westminster. Description: For legislation to establish the appointed position of town clerk in the town of Westminster. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the expansion of a branch of the Boston Public Library within an affordable housing development in the West End Neighborhood of the downtown sections of the city of Boston. Description: Relative to the expansion of a branch of the Boston Public Library within an affordable housing development in the West End Neighborhood of the downtown sections of the city of Boston
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Amending the term of the moderator in the town of Wrentham. Description: Relative to the term of the moderator in the town of Wrentham. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Orange to convey a certain parcel of land. Description: That the town of Orange be authorized to convey five parcels of land. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Modernizing firearm laws. Description: The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two branches with reference to the Senate amendment (striking out all after the enacting clause and inserting in place thereof the text contained in Senate document numbered 2584; and striking out the title and inserting in place thereof the following title: “An Act to sensibly address firearm violence through effective reform”) of the House Bill modernizing firearm laws (House, No. 4139), reports recommending passage of the accompanying bill (House, No. 4885). July 17, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the appointment of an associate member of the town of Bernardston board of health. Description: Relative to the appointment of an associate member of the board of health of the town of Bernardston. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Dudley town administrator to sign warrants. Description: Relative to the town administrator in the town of Dudley. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To provide for the future information technology needs of Massachusetts. Description: The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two branches with reference to the Senate amendment of the House Bill to provide for the future information technology needs of Massachusetts (House, No. 4648), reports recommending passage of the accompanying bill (House, No. 4889).
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to salary range transparency. Description: Relative to salary range transparency (House, No. 4109), reports, in part, recommending passage of the accompanying bill (House, No. 4890).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing raising the maximum retirement age of special police officers in the city of Methuen to 70 years old. Description: Authorizing raising the maximum retirement age of special police officers in the city of Methuen to 70 years old
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Milford to continue limited employment of certain police officers on superannuation retirement. Description: Authorizing the town of Milford to continue limited employment of certain police officers on superannuation retirement
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to certain loans by the Federal Home Loan Bank. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 4905). July 24, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Warwick to continue the employment of David A. Shoemaker as police chief until a maximum age of 70. Description: That the town of Warwick be authorized to continue the employment of David A. Shoemaker as police chief of said town notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To extend the time for the issuance of alcoholic beverage licenses in the town of Burlington. Description: For legislation to extend the time for the issuance of alcoholic beverage licenses in the town of Burlington. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to animal welfare and reporting of animal cruelty, abuse or neglect. Description: Relative to animal welfare and reporting of animal cruelty, abuse or neglect
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Regulating the practice and licensure of veterinary technicians. Description: Regulating the practice and licensure of veterinary technicians
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Preserving public trust rights in land affected by ocean erosion. Description: Preserving public trust rights in land affected by ocean erosion
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Regulating central service technicians. Description: Regulating central service technicians
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the use of elephants, big cats, primates, giraffes and bears in traveling exhibits and shows. Description: Relative to the use of elephants, big cats, primates, giraffes and bears in traveling exhibits and shows
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To protect the collective bargaining rights of certain administrative employees. Description: To protect the collective bargaining rights of certain administrative employees
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to a commission to study the intentional misrepresentation of a service animal. Description: Relative to a commission to study the intentional misrepresentation of a service animal
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to medically necessary breast screenings and exams for equity and early detection. Description: Relative to medically necessary breast screenings and exams for equity and early detection
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To increase kennel safety, aka Ollie's Law. Description: To increase kennel safety, aka Ollie's Law
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to means tested senior citizen property tax exemptions in the town of Westford. Description: Relative to means tested senior citizen property tax exemptions in the town of Westford. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Directing the city of Boston Police Department to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Elsie Barbosa. Description: That the city of Boston be authorized to appoint Elsie Barbosa a police officer notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to Medicaid managed care incentive initiative payment mechanisms to the non-state-owned public hospitals. Description: Sections 219 and 220 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2025 (see House, No. 4800), which had been returned by Her Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see House, No. 4935). July 29, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting license revocation for student loan default. Description: Prohibiting license revocation for student loan default
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the county of Nantucket to convey certain parcels of land in the town and county of Nantucket to the town of Nantucket. Description: Authorizing the county of Nantucket to convey certain parcels of land in the town and county of Nantucket to the town of Nantucket
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Massachusetts Department of Transportation to convey a certain parcel of land in the city of Pittsfield. Description: Authorizing the Massachusetts Department of Transportation to convey a certain parcel of land in the city of Pittsfield
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Concerning the safety of school children embarking and disembarking school buses. Description: Concerning the safety of school children embarking and disembarking school buses
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to boater safety to be known as the Hanson Milone Act. Description: Relative to boater safety to be known as the Hanson Milone Act
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to property tax classification in the city of Boston. Description: Relative to property tax classification in the city of Boston
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the commissioner of capital asset management and maintenance to issue a confirmatory deed for a certain parcel of land in the city of Marlborough. Description: Authorizing the commissioner of capital asset management and maintenance to issue a confirmatory deed for a certain parcel of land in the city of Marlborough
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Brookline to convey a parcel of land to the Pierce School Building Committee to install subsurface geothermal wells. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 4723) [Local Approval Received]. July 30, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to retirement benefits for Rebecca J. Vanderstelt. Description: Relative to retirement benefits for Rebecca J. Vanderstelt
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To improve and modernize planning and community development in the city of Boston. Description: To improve and modernize planning and community development in the city of Boston
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing Brian Dacey to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: For legislation to authorize Brian Dacey to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing Dante Perella to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: For legislation to authorize Dante Perella to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing Jason Restituyo to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: For legislation to authorize Jason Restituyo to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing Michael E. Jarvis, Jr. to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: For legislation to authorize Michael E. Jarvis, Jr. to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain overpass in the city of New Bedford as the Andre Lopes Korean War Veteran Overpass. Description: By Representatives Cabral of New Bedford and Hendricks of New Bedford, a petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Mark C. Montigny, Antonio F. D. Cabral and Christopher Hendricks that a pedestrian overpass spanning state Route 18 in the city of New Bedford be designated as the Andre Lopes Korean War veteran overpass. Transportation.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Westford to release agricultural preservation restrictions over land owned by Westford Gateway, LLC.. Description: Authorizing the town of Westford to release agricultural preservation restrictions over land owned by Westford Gateway, LLC.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Massachusetts Department of Transportation to convey a certain parcel of land in the town of Stoneham. Description: Authorizing the Massachusetts Department of Transportation to convey a certain parcel of land in the town of Stoneham
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the commissioner of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey a certain parcel of land in the town of Tewksbury. Description: Authorizing the commissioner of Capital Asset Management and Maintenance to convey a certain parcel of land in the town of Tewksbury
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for improvements to the metropolitan water supply system. Description: Providing for improvements to the metropolitan water supply system
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To ensure legal parentage equality. Description: The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two branches with reference to the Senate amendment of the House Bill to ensure legal parentage equality (House, No. 4750), reports recommending passage of the accompanying bill (House, No. 4970).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Requiring automated external defibrillators at sporting events.. Description: Requiring automated external defibrillators at sporting events.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to amending certain use restrictions for the Foxborough State Hospital. Description: Relative to amending certain use restrictions for the Foxborough State Hospital
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Honoring, empowering, and recognizing our servicemembers and veterans. Description: Honoring, empowering, and recognizing our servicemembers and veterans
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the Affordable Homes Act. Description: Relative to the Affordable Homes Act
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing project labor agreements. Description: Authorizing project labor agreements
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Kimberly Martinelli. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Kimberly Martinelli
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Sherborn to grant 1 additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the town of Sherborn to grant 1 additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Revere to grant two additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the city of Revere to grant two additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Fairhaven to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the town of Fairhaven to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of Bellingham. Description: For legislation to amend the charter of the town of Bellingham. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Promoting access to midwifery care and out-of-hospital birth options. Description: The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two branches with reference to the Senate amendment of the House Bill promoting access to midwifery care and out-of-hospital birth options (House, No. 4785), reports recommending passage of the accompanying bill (House, No. 4999).
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth. Description: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing the recall of elected officials in the town of Williamstown. Description: Relative to establishing the recall of elected officials in the town of Williamstown. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the enforcement of the Williamstown town charter. Description: Relative to the enforcement of the charter of the town of Williamstown. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Allowing the town of Williamstown to expand age eligibility for senior property tax exemption. Description: That the town of Williamstown be authorized to expand age eligibility for the senior property tax exemption. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a means tested senior property tax exemption in the town of Williamstown. Description: For legislation to establish a means tested senior property tax exemption in the town of Williamstown. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth. Description: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the department of public works in the town of Southborough. Description: Relative to the department of public works in the town of Southborough. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Rowley to continue employment of call firefighter Donald Dupray. Description: Authorizing the town of Rowley to continue employment of call firefighter Donald Dupray
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of retired police officers in the town of Sterling to serve as special police officers. Description: Authorizing the appointment of retired police officers in the town of Sterling to serve as special police officers
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the executive form of government for the town of Lenox. Description: Relative to the residency requirement for the town manager of the town of Lenox. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To improve quality and oversight of long-term care. Description: To improve quality and oversight of long-term care
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Michael David. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Michael David, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Further defining a quorum of the Worcester Regional Retirement System Board Advisory Council. Description: Relative to further defining a quorum of the Worcester Regional Retirement System Board Advisory Council. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing additional licenses for the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises in the city of Boston. Description: The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two branches with reference to the Senate amendment of the House Bill authorizing additional licenses for the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises in the city of Boston (House, No. 4696), reports recommending passage of the accompanying bill (House, No. 5039).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Regional Commissions on the Status of Women. Description: For legislation to remove the town of Hull from the Eastern Regional Commission on the Status of Women. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Eric J. Iwaniec. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Eric J. Iwaniec, an employee of the Department of the Trial Court. The Judiciary.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Directing the city of Boston Police Department to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Alex Guzman. Description: That the city of Boston be authorized to appoint Alex Guzman a police officer in said city notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Southborough to issue pension obligation bonds or notes. Description: By Representative Donaghue of Westborough, a petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Kate Donaghue (by vote of the town) that town of Southborough be authorized to issue bonds or notes for the purpose of funding its portion of the unfunded pension liability of the Worcester regional retirement system. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Cheryl Collaro-Surrette, an employee of the Department of Transportation. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Cheryl Collaro-Surrette, an employee of the Department of Transportation. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Mary Katherine Sheehan, an employee of the Trial Court. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Mary Katherine Sheehan, an employee of the Trial Court. The Judiciary.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To amend the Saugus Town Charter. Description: Relative to the charter of the town of Saugus. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing Dave Michienzi to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: By Representative Vargas of Haverhill, a petition of Andres X. Vargas (with the approval of the mayor and city council) that Dave Michienzi be authorized to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Changing the Holyoke Treasurer position from elected to appointed. Description: That the city of Holyoke be authorized to change the treasurer in said city from an elected to an appointed position. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to designation of the state public health laboratory campus in honor of Dr. Alfred DeMaria, Jr. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 3061). September 30, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a special fund for the festival of the hills receipts for the town of Conway. Description: That the town of Conway be authorized to establish a special fund for the festival of the hills receipts in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing Gabriel Rosa to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: For legislation to authorize Gabriel Rosa to take the civil service examination for the position of police officer in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing Juan Jimenez to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: For legislation to authorize Juan Jimenez to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Stephen Brophy. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Stephen Brophy
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending the Williamstown town charter. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a Bill clarifying the Williamstown town charter (House, No. 5003). October 17, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2024 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to further regulating a certain alcoholic beverage license in the town of Southampton. Description: Relative to further regulating a certain alcoholic beverage license in the town of Southampton
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Directing the city of Boston Police Department to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Adam Watt. Description: That the city of Boston be authorized to appoint Adam Watt a police officer notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Directing the city of Boston Police Department to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Jean E. Roseney. Description: That the city of Boston be authorized to appoint Jean E. Roseney a police officer notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Directing the city of Boston Police Department to waive the maximum age requirement for police officers for Keny Gateau. Description: That the city of Boston be authorized to appoint Keny Gateau a police officer notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the Dudley-Charlton Regional School District to convey certain land to the town of Charlton. Description: By Representatives Marsi of Dudley and Frost of Auburn, a petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of John J. Marsi, Paul K. Frost and Ryan C. Fattman that the Dudley-Charlton Regional School District be authorized to convey certain land to the town of Charlton. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Salem to convert the annual license for the sale of wine and malt beverages to be drunk on the premises pursuant to chapter 75 of the acts of 2008 to an annual license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the city of Salem to convert the annual license for the sale of wine and malt beverages to be drunk on the premises pursuant to chapter 75 of the acts of 2008 to an annual license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Tyngsborough to grant 3 additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the town of Tyngsborough to grant 3 additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Uxbridge to grant 2 additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk off the premises. Description: Authorizing the town of Uxbridge to grant 2 additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk off the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Defining a governing structure for the Lawrence School Board upon the exit of state receivership. Description: Relative to defining a governing structure for the Lawrence School Board upon the exit of state receivership. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to strengthening Massachusetts’ economic leadership. Description: Relative to strengthening Massachusetts’ economic leadership (House, No. 4804), reports, in part, recommending passage of the accompanying bill (House, No. 5100).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Exempting the office of chief of police in the city of Worcester from the civil service law. Description: Exempting the office of chief of police in the city of Worcester from the civil service law
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to property tax classification in the city of Boston. Description: Relative to property tax classification in the city of Boston
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Daniel McKim, an employee of Worcester County Sheriff’s Office. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Daniel McKim, an employee of Worcester County Sheriff’s Office. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Acushnet to continue the employment of Call Deputy Fire Chief. Description: Authorizing the town of Acushnet to continue the employment of Call Deputy Fire Chief
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Increasing the age limit for retired police officers serving as special police officers in the town of Weston. Description: Increasing the age limit for retired police officers serving as special police officers in the town of Weston
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Jeanne Rainone, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Jeanne Rainone, an employee of the Department of Children and Families
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Preserving the competitiveness of group auto and homeowners insurance plans. Description: Substituted, on motion of Mr. Walsh of Peabody, for a bill with the same title (House No. 957). December 5, 2024.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Increasing membership on the town of Paxton select board. Description: Relative to increasing the membership of the select board in the town of Paxton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to benefits for teachers. Description: Relative to benefits for teachers
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the division of capital asset management and maintenance to release a certain sewer line easement in the West Roxbury section of the city of Boston. Description: Authorizing the division of capital asset management and maintenance to release a certain sewer line easement in the West Roxbury section of the city of Boston
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to retirement benefits. Description: Relative to retirement benefits
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to commercial driver's licenses. Description: Relative to commercial driver's licenses
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth. Description: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Relative to treatments and coverage for substance use disorder and recovery coach licensure. Description: Relative to treatments and coverage for substance use disorder and recovery coach licensure (House, No. 4758), reports recommending passage of the accompanying bill (House, No. 5143).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to genetic counselors. Description: Relative to genetic counselors
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to creditable service for Kellie Martin, a member of the Massachusetts Teachers’ Retirement System. Description: Relative to creditable service for Kellie Martin, a member of the Massachusetts Teachers’ Retirement System
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the creation of a branch of the Boston public library within an affordable housing development in the Dorchester section of the city of Boston. Description: Relative to the creation of a branch of the Boston public library within an affordable housing development in the Dorchester section of the city of Boston
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to Massachusetts Credit Union Share Insurance Corporation. Description: Relative to Massachusetts Credit Union Share Insurance Corporation
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the transportation of vessels. Description: Relative to the transportation of vessels
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to special state police officers. Description: Relative to special state police officers
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the order of candidates' names on the town of Marblehead town election ballots. Description: For legislation relative to the order of candidates' names on the town of Marblehead town election ballots. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Providing for the annual election of members of the Spencer East Brookfield Regional School Committee. Description: For legislation to provide for the annual election of members of the Spencer East Brookfield Regional School Committee. Election Laws.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To recall elected officials in the town of Manchester-by-the-Sea. Description: For legislation to recall elected officials in the town of Manchester-by-the-Sea. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain park in the city of Cambridge as Richard McKinnon park. Description: For legislation to designate a certain park in the city of Cambridge as Richard McKinnon park. Environment and Natural Resources.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the County Commissioners of Dukes County to appoint a treasurer who may not be a resident of the county. Description: For legislation to authorize the County Commissioners of Dukes County to appoint a treasurer who may not be a resident of the county. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Regulating certain insurance benefits for elected officials in the town of Blackstone. Description: For legislation to regulate certain insurance benefits for elected officials in the town of Blackstone. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Wales to establish a department of public works. Description: For legislation to establish a department of public works in the town of Wales. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local approval received]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Changing the board of selectmen of the town of Hanover to a select board. Description: For legislation to change the board of selectmen of the town of Hanover to a select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Provincetown to continue the employment of Michael Trovato. Description: For legislation to authorize the town of Provincetown to continue the employment of Michael Trovato. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to maintenance of physical examinations records for public safety personnel. Description: For legislation relative to maintenance of physical examinations records for public safety personnel. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the amendment of M.G.L. c.32, section 4(2)(b) and 4(2)(c), solely as they relate to the calculation of Walter L. Guertin's pension. Description: For legislation relative to the calculation of the pension of Walter L. Guertin. Public Service. [Local approval received]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Norwell to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Description: That the town of Norwell be authorized to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption in said town. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To provide identification to youth and adults experiencing homelessness. Description: For legislation to provide identification to youth and adults experiencing homelessness. Transportation.
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the retirement of Greg Heath, a former firefighter of the city of Westfield. Description: For legislation relative to the retirement of Greg Heath, a former firefighter of the city of Westfield. Public Service. [Local approval received]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Somerville to continue the employment of Charles J. Femino as acting Chief of Police. Description: For legislation to authorize the city of Somerville to continue the employment of Charles J. Femino as acting Chief of Police. Public Service. [Local approval received]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Rutland to increase the membership of the board of selectmen. Description: For legislation to authorize the town of Rutland to increase the membership of the board of selectmen from 3 members to 5 members. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local approval received]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Christopher Trigilio, an employee of the trial court of the commonwealth. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Christopher Trigilio, an employee of the trial court of the commonwealth
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Meredith Mingolelli-Cotter, an employee of the trial court of the commonwealth. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Meredith Mingolelli-Cotter, an employee of the trial court of the commonwealth
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Amelia Alex, an employee of the Department of Social Services. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Amelia Alex, an employee of the Department of Social Services, reports the accompanying bill (Senate, No. 2383).
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Matt Blazes, an employee of the Worcester County Sheriff's Office. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Matt Blazes, an employee of the Worcester County Sheriff's Office. Public Service.
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Jason Barone-Cichocki, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Jason Barone-Cichocki, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the appointment of special police officers in the town of Charlton. Description: For legislation to authorize the appointment of special police officers in the town of Charlton, reports the accompanying bill (Senate, No. 2416).
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Changing the board of selectmen in the town of East Bridgewater to a select board. Description: For legislation to change the board of selectmen in the town of East Bridgewater to a select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local approval received]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Scituate to appoint retired police officers as special police officers. Description: Authorizing the town of Scituate to appoint retired police officers as special police officers
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2023 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2023 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to gender identity on Massachusetts identification. Description: Relative to gender identity on Massachusetts identification
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Jody Ricketson, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Jody Ricketson, an employee of the Department of Children and Families, reports the accompanying bill (Senate, No. 2433).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending the Nantucket Sewer Act. Description: For legislation to amend the Nantucket Sewer Act. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local approval received]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending the charter for the town of Nantucket. Description: For legislation to amend the charter for the town of Nantucket. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Providing for recall elections in the town of Granby. Description: For legislation to provide for recall elections in the town of Granby. Election Laws. [Local approval received]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Rene Perez, an employee of the Department of Developmental Services. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Rene Perez, an employee of the Department of Developmental Services. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a special purpose revolving fund in the town of North Andover. Description: For legislation to establish a special purpose revolving fund in the town of North Andover. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to changing the terms board of selectmen and selectmen to the term select board in the town of Rockport. Description: For legislation relative to changing the terms board of selectmen and selectmen to the term select board in the town of Rockport. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Relative to the expansion of the residential tax exemption in the town of Provincetown. Description: For legislation relative to the expansion of the residential tax exemption in the town of Provincetown. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Everett to grant 2 additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not be drunk on the premises, and 1 additional license for the sale of wine and malt beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Description: For legislation to authorize the city of Everett to grant additional alcoholic beverages licenses, reports the accompanying bill (Senate, No. 2471).
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Enabling pharmacists to prescribe, dispense and administer PrEP. Description: Enabling pharmacists to prescribe, dispense and administer PrEP
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing changing the name of board of selectmen to select board and the title of selectmen to select board member in the town of Charlton. Description: For legislation to authorize changing the name of board of selectmen to select board and the title of selectmen to select board member in the town of Charlton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To increase access to disposable menstrual products. Description: To increase access to disposable menstrual products
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to real property tax abatements for active duty military personnel in the town of Sutton. Description: For legislation to authorize the town of Sutton to grant real property abatements to certain military personnel. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town moderator of the town of Monson to act as an election officer in certain elections. Description: For legislation to authorize the town moderator of the town of Monson to act as an election officer in certain elections. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the date set by the charter of the town of Walpole for the annual town election. Description: For legislation relative to the date set by the charter of the town of Walpole for the annual town election. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2023, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the conveyance of a certain parcel of land in the city of Fall River. Description: Relative to the conveyance of a certain parcel of land in the city of Fall River (Senate, No. 2439).
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to real property tax deferrals in the town of Hamilton. Description: For legislation relative to real property tax deferrals in the town of Hamilton. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Easton to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Description: For legislation to authorize the town of Easton to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Validating the results of the annual election held in the town of Whitman on May 20, 2023. Description: For legislation to validate the results of the annual election held in the town of Whitman on May 20, 2023. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a senior property tax deferral program in the city of Taunton. Description: Establishing a senior property tax deferral program in the city of Taunton
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Milton to issue an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises. Description: For legislation to authorize the town of Milton to issue a license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises, reports the accompanying bill (Senate, No. 2518).
In 2023, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to pharmaceutical access, costs and transparency. Description: Relative to pharmaceutical access, costs and transparency
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Changing the position of town clerk in the town of Wenham from an elected position to an appointed position. Description: Relative to appointing the town clerk of the town of Wenham (Senate, No. 2387).
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Seila Chhav, an employee of the Trial Court.. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Seila Chhav, an employee of the Trial Court. The Judiciary.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Danielle Marie Cruz, an employee of the trial court. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Danielle Marie Cruz, an employee of the trial court. The Judiciary.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the designation of Jury Clerk in the Haverhill District Court. Description: For legislation relative to the designation of Jury Clerk in the Haverhill District Court. The Judiciary.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Facilitating better interactions between police officers and persons with autism spectrum disorder. Description: Facilitating better interactions between police officers and persons with autism spectrum disorder
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to fentanyl test strips. Description: Relative to fentanyl test strips (Senate, No. 2458),- reports, recommending that the same ought to pass with an amendment substituting a new draft with the same title (Senate, No. 2543).
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to polling locations in the city of Gloucester. Description: For legislation relative to poll locations in the city of Gloucester. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Expanding wheelchair warranty protections for consumers with disabilities. Description: Expanding wheelchair warranty protections for consumers with disabilities
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Providing consumers with equal protection for all real estate appraisals. Description: Providing consumers with equal protection for all real estate appraisals
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Prohibiting inhumane feline declawing. Description: Prohibiting inhumane feline declawing
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: An Act to provide for the continuance of the town of Hingham's senior means-tested property tax exemption. Description: An Act to provide for the continuance of the town of Hingham's senior means-tested property tax exemption
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To provide for competitiveness and infrastructure investment in Massachusetts. Description: To provide for competitiveness and infrastructure investment in Massachusetts
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Nicole Halal, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Nicole Halal, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to archaic laws. Description: Relative to archaic laws (Senate, No. 2561) (being the text of Senate, No. 2551, printed as amended)
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the residency requirement for the town manager of the town of Andover. Description: For legislation relative to the residency requirement for the town manager of the town of Andover. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Tewksbury to lease the Louise Davy Trahan Elementary School for not more than 99 years. Description: Authorizing the town of Tewksbury to lease the Louise Davy Trahan Elementary School for not more than 99 years
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the city of Leominster as the Honorable John Walter Olver memorial bridge.. Description: Designating a certain bridge in the city of Leominster as the Honorable John Walter Olver memorial bridge.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Increasing the term of office for select board members in the town of Marblehead from 1 year to 3 years. Description: Increasing the term of office for select board members in the town of Marblehead from 1 year to 3 years
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Rochester to continue the employment of Scott Weigel. Description: For legislation to authorize the town of Rochester to continue the employment of Scott Weigel. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the continued employment of Jerry Shampang as an environmental police officer in the executive office of energy and environmental affairs. Description: Authorizing the continued employment of Jerry Shampang as an environmental police officer in the executive office of energy and environmental affairs
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to healthy youth. Description: Relative to healthy youth (Senate, No. 2692) (being the text of Senate, No. 2686, printed as amended)
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Validating the results of the annual election held in the town of Whitman on May 20, 2023. Description: Validating the results of the annual election held in the town of Whitman on May 20, 2023
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to changing the name of Salisbury Beach State Reservation. Description: Relative to changing the name of the Salisbury Beach State Reservation (Senate, No. 2071).
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Tiffany Brennan, an employee of the trial court of the commonwealth. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Tiffany Brennan, an employee of the trial court of the commonwealth
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Ensuring affordability, readiness and learning for our youth and driving economic development. Description: Ensuring affordability, readiness and learning for our youth and driving economic development
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to violation of regulation regarding hot work processes. Description: Relative to violation of regulation regarding hot work processes (Senate, No. 1485),- reports, recommending that the same ought to pass with an amendment substituting a new draft with the same title (Senate, No. 2712).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to fairness in debt collection. Description: Relative to fairness in debt collection (Senate, No. 2638),- reports, recommending that the same ought to pass with an amendment substituting a new draft with the same title (Senate, No. 2713).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending the Cranberry Highway Smart Growth Overlay District. Description: For legislation to amend the Cranberry Highway Smart Growth Overlay District, report the accompanying bill (Senate, No. 2714).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of Marshfield to make references to the board of selectmen gender neutral. Description: Amending the charter of the town of Marshfield to make references to the board of selectmen gender neutral
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Establishing appointed positions of district clerk and district treasurer for the North Raynham water district. Description: For legislation to establish appointed positions of district clerk and district treasurer for the North Raynham water district. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city known as the town of Barnstable to change the use of a portion of a certain parcel of land within Mother’s Park. Description: Authorizing the city known as the town of Barnstable to change the use of a portion of a certain parcel of land within Mother’s Park
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Modernizing protections for consumers in automobile transactions. Description: Modernizing protections for consumers in automobile transactions
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the remediation of home heating oil releases. Description: Relative to the remediation of home heating oil releases (Senate, No. 171),- reports, recommending that the same ought to pass with an amendment substituting a new draft with the same title (Senate, No. 2737).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to electric ratepayer protections. Description: Relative to electric ratepayer protections (Senate, No. 2106),- reports, recommending that the same ought to pass with an amendment substituting a new draft with the same title (Senate, No. 2738).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the charter of the town of Provincetown. Description: For legislation relative to the charter of the town of Provincetown. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting the position of police chief in the town of Barnstable from the civil service law. Description: For legislation to exempt the position of police chief in the town of Barnstable from the civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the disability retirement of Casey L'Italien, a police officer in the city known as the town of Randolph. Description: For legislation relative to the disability retirement of Casey L'Italien, a police officer in the city known as the town of Randolph, report the accompanying bill (Senate, No. 2763).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to advancing the profession of commercial interior design. Description: Relative to advancing the profession of commercial interior design (Senate, No. 2813) (being the text of Senate, No. 2408, printed as amended)
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of Wareham. Description: Relative to the Wareham town charter (Senate, No. 2519).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To reduce plastics. Description: To reduce plastics
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Upgrading the grid and protecting ratepayers. Description: Upgrading the grid and protecting ratepayers
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Milton to use certain land acquired for conservation purposes for school purposes. Description: Authorizing the town of Milton to use certain land acquired for conservation purposes for school purposes
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending chapter 133 of the acts of 2022. Description: For legislation amending a conservation restriction in the town of Hanson. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing appointed positions of district clerk and district treasurer for the Raynham center water district. Description: Establishing appointed positions of district clerk and district treasurer for the Raynham center water district
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Westport to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk off the premises. Description: For legislation to authorize the town of Westport to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk off the premises, report the accompanying bill (Senate, No. 2858).
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Provincetown to grant 2 additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Description: For legislation to authorize the town of Provincetown to grant 5 additional licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises, report the accompanying bill (Senate, No. 2860).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to amending the provision of health insurance and other benefits in the town of Carver. Description: Relative to amend the provision of health insurance and other benefits in the town of Carver. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Exempting the position of Deputy Police Chief in the city of Amesbury from the civil service law. Description: For legislation to exempt the position of Deputy Police Chief in the city of Amesbury from the civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to vacancies on the city of Lowell city council and school committee. Description: Relative to vacancies on the city of Lowell city council and school committee (Senate, No. 2762).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to successful transition and re-entry to tomorrow for incarcerated persons. Description: Relative to successful transition and re-entry to tomorrow for incarcerated persons (Senate, No. 1506),- reports, recommending that the same ought to pass with an amendment substituting a new draft with the same title (Senate, No. 2883).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to bus lane enforcement. Description: Relative to bus lane enforcement" (Senate, No. 2884).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a special commission to review the adequacy and equity of the Massachusetts school building program. Description: Establishing a special commission to review the adequacy and equity of the Massachusetts school building program
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the commissioner of capital asset management and maintenance to convey certain parcels of land to the city of Westfield. Description: Authorizing the commissioner of capital asset management and maintenance to convey certain parcels of land to the city of Westfield
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of New Bedford to grant a utility easement to the University of Massachusetts at Dartmouth. Description: Authorizing the city of New Bedford to grant a utility easement to the University of Massachusetts at Dartmouth
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Providing for equal access to certain roadways under the jurisdiction of the department of conservation and recreation. Description: Relative to equal access on DCR roadways (Senate, No. 2557),- reports, recommending that the same ought to pass with an amendment entitled "An Act providing for equal access to certain roadways under the jurisdiction of the department of conservation and recreation" (Senate, No. 2894).
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the release of certain parcels of land in the town of Raynham from certain agricultural preservation restrictions and certain recreational use restrictions. Description: Authorizing the release of certain parcels of land in the town of Raynham from certain agricultural preservation restrictions and certain recreational use restrictions
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the reduction of certain toxic chemicals in firefighter personal protective equipment. Description: Relative to the reduction of certain toxic chemicals in firefighter personal protective equipment (Senate, No. 1502),- reports, recommending that the same ought to pass with an amendment substituting a new draft with the same title (Senate, No. 2902).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To mandate domestic violence and sexual assault awareness education. Description: To mandate domestic violence and sexual assault awareness education
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the humane protection of animals. Description: Providing for the humane protection of animals
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Andover to convey a non-exclusive access easement over a certain parcel of land. Description: Authorizing the town of Andover to convey a non-exclusive access easement over a certain parcel of land
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Nantucket to convey certain parcels of land held for conservation or recreation purposes. Description: Authorizing the town of Nantucket to convey certain parcels of land held for conservation or recreation purposes
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Tewksbury to use a certain parcel of land for general recreational purposes. Description: Authorizing the town of Tewksbury to use a certain parcel of land for general recreational purposes
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To promote nature-based approaches for resiliency and climate change adaptation throughout the Commonwealth. Description: To promote nature-based approaches for resiliency and climate change adaptation throughout the Commonwealth
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the reorientation and further lease of a parcel of land occupied by Riverside Boat Club of Cambridge. Description: Authorizing the reorientation and further lease of a parcel of land occupied by Riverside Boat Club of Cambridge
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Eliminating the statute of limitation in civil child sexual abuse cases. Description: Eliminating the statute of limitation in civil child sexual abuse cases
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Providing for the disposition of certain property in the town of Upton. Description: For legislation to provide for the disposition of certain property in the town of Upton, reports recommending that the accompanying bill (Senate, No. 2933) ought to pas
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Ensuring domestic violence victims' protections for all employees in the Commonwealth. Description: Ensuring domestic violence victims' protections for all employees in the Commonwealth
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Pembroke to grant one additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Description: That the town of Pembroke be authorized to issue one additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises in said town, report the accompanying bill (Senate, No. 2935).
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the city of Lynn. Description: Amending the charter of the city of Lynn
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the city known as the town of Southbridge. Description: Relative to the town charter for the town of Southbridge (Senate, No. 2523).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Further regulating the Year-round Market Rate Rental Housing Trust Fund in the town of Provincetown. Description: Relative to the year-round market rate rental housing trust fund in the town of Provincetown (Senate, No. 2744).
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To provide for competitiveness and infrastructure investment in Massachusetts. Description: Report of the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two branches, with reference to the House amendments to the Senate Bill to provide for competitiveness and infrastructure investment in Massachusetts (Senate, No. 2554) (amended by the House by striking out all after the enacting clause and inserting in place thereof the text of House document numbered 4446 and by striking out the emergency preamble and inserting in place thereof the following emergency preamble: “Whereas, The deferred operation of this act would tend to defeat its purposes, which are to enhance the competitiveness of the commonwealth in winning federal funds and to provide for the infrastructure needs of the commonwealth, each of which is immediately necessary to accomplish important public purposes, therefore it is hereby declared to be an emergency law, necessary for the immediate preservation of the public convenience.”),-- reports, a “Bill to provide for competitiveness and infrastructure investment in Massachusetts.” (Senate, No. 2954)
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Andover to convert a certain parcel of land for general municipal purposes. Description: Authorizing the town of Andover to convert a certain parcel of land for general municipal purposes
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the uniform child custody jurisdiction and enforcement act. Description: Relative to the uniform child custody jurisdiction and enforcement act (Senate, No. 2754),- reports, recommending that the same ought to pass with an amendment substituting a new draft (Senate, No. 2961).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Mary Katherine Sheehan, an employee of the trial court of the commonwealth. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Mary Katherine Sheehan, an employee of the trial court of the commonwealth
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Mary Katherine Sheehan, an employee of the trial court of the commonwealth. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Mary Katherine Sheehan, an employee of the trial court of the commonwealth
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Promoting a clean energy grid, advancing equity and protecting ratepayers. Description: Report of the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two branches with reference to the House amendment to the Senate Bill upgrading the grid and protecting ratepayers (Senate, No. 2838) (amended by the House by striking out all after the enacting clause and inserting in place thereof the text of House document numbered 4884; and by striking out the title and inserting in place thereof a new title),-- reports, a “Bill promoting a clean energy grid, advancing equity and protecting ratepayers” (Senate, No. 2967).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to applied behavioral analysis therapy. Description: Relative to applied behavioral analysis therapy (Senate, No. 617),- reports, recommending that the same ought to pass with an amendment substituting a new draft (Senate, No. 2970).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To increase housing production in the city of Lowell. Description: To increase housing production in the city of Lowell
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the select board of the town of Provincetown to establish a schedule of fines for parking violations. Description: Relative to parking violations in the town of Provincetown (Senate, No. 2743).
In 2024, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Jonathan Turner, an employee of the Norfolk County sheriff's office. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Jonathan Turner, an employee of the Norfolk County sheriff's office. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Raynham to appoint retired police officers as special police officers. Description: Relative to the appointment of retired police officers as special police officers in the town of Raynham (Senate, No. 2937).
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Sandwich to grant additional licenses for the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the town of Sandwich to grant additional licenses for the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises
In 2024, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Kate Sout-Sorm, an employee of the department of transitional assistance. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Kate Sout-Sorm, an employee of the department of transitional assistance. Public Service.
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the commissioner of capital asset management and maintenance to convey a certain parcel of land in the town of Brookfield. Description: Authorizing the commissioner of capital asset management and maintenance to convey a certain parcel of land in the town of Brookfield
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Changing the name of the Mohawk Trail Woodlands Partnership to the Woodlands Partnership of Northwest Massachusetts. Description: Changing the name of the Mohawk Trail Woodlands Partnership to the Woodlands Partnership of Northwest Massachusetts
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To increase access to blood donation. Description: To increase access to blood donation
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Resolve to establish a commission to investigate and study the feasibility of establishing a Massachusetts Cabo Verdean Cultural Center. Description: Resolve to establish a commission to investigate and study the feasibility of establishing a Massachusetts Cabo Verdean Cultural Center
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To establish the Massachusetts National Guard Museum in Salem. Description: To establish the Massachusetts National Guard Museum in Salem
In 2024, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Renaming the executive office of elder affairs to the executive office of aging and independence. Description: Renaming the executive office of elder affairs to the executive office of aging and independence
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for George Monfreda, an employee of the Department of Mental Health. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for George Monfreda, an employee of the Department of Mental Health.
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Richard Gurney, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Correction. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Richard Gurney, an employee of the Department of Correction. Temporary Rules.
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Karen T. O'Neil, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Karen T. O'Neil, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. Temporary Rules.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the office of Mayor in the city of Boston. Description: Relative to a special municipal election for a vacancy in the office of Mayor in the city of Boston. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth. Description: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Further providing for early voting by mail. Description: Further providing for early voting by mail
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to accountability for vulnerable children and families. Description: Relative to accountability for vulnerable children and families
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Financing a program for improvements to the Unemployment Insurance Trust Fund and providing relief to employers and workers in the Commonwealth. Description: House bill No. 89, as amended and passed to be engrossed by the House. March 11, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Berlin to continue the employment of Paul Kenneth Clark. Description: Authorizing the town of Berlin to continue the employment of Paul Kenneth Clark
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting all positions in the police department and fire department of the town of Swampscott from the civil service law. Description: Relative to exempting all positions in the police department and fire department of the town of Swampscott from the civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Revoking the town of Longmeadow’s acceptance of a certain general law establishing a board of election commissioners. Description: For legislation to revoke the acceptance of a certain General Law establishing a board of election commissioners in the town of Longmeadow. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Peter J. Fallon, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Peter J. Fallon, an employee of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. Public Service.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing Trevor J. Seaboyer to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Description: Relative to authorizing Trevor J. Seaboyer to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the city of Haverhill, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Concerning the Acting Mayor of Holyoke. Description: Relative to a vacancy in the office of mayor in the city of Holyoke. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Stephen Melchin, an employee of the Trial Court of the Commonwealth. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Stephen Melchin, an employee of the Trial Court. The Judiciary.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to Chapter 181 of the Acts of 2020. Description: For legislation to further regulate the issuance of certain licenses for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises in the town of Westford. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Further regulating storage of alcoholic beverages. Description: For legislation to further regulate the storage of alcoholic beverages. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Maynard to grant one additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to be consumed off the premises. Description: That the town of Maynard be authorized to grant one additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to termination of sales to wholesalers by suppliers of alcoholic beverages. Description: Relative to the termination of sales to wholesalers by suppliers of alcoholic beverages. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to school operational efficiency. Description: Relative to school operational efficiency. Education.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing recall elections in the town of Otis. Description: That the town of Otis be authorized to establish recall elections in said town. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Preserving open space in the Commonwealth. Description: Relative to preserving open space in the Commonwealth. Environment, Natural Resources and Agriculture.
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing memorial markers in the towns of Milton and Canton in memory of certain law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty. Description: Relative to establishing memorial markers in the towns of Milton and Canton in memory of certain law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty. Environment, Natural Resources and Agriculture.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Protecting research animals. Description: Relative to the adoption of certain research animals. Environment, Natural Resources and Agriculture.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to electronic meetings and voting in condominiums. Description: Relative to electronic meetings and voting in condominiums. Housing.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Criminalizing sexual assault by fraud of a medical professional. Description: Relative to the penalty imposed for the crime of sexual assault by fraud of medical professionals. The Judiciary.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Modernizing time-share extension and termination procedures. Description: Relative to time-share extension and termination procedures. The Judiciary.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to taking or transmitting images of crime victims by first responders. Description: Relative to the taking or transmitting of images of crime victims by first responders. The Judiciary.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to kayak safety. Description: Relative to kayak safety. Public Safety and Homeland Security.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the Hampshire County Regional Housing Authority to convey a certain parcel of land in the town of South Hadley to the South Hadley Housing Authority. Description: By Representative Carey of Easthampton and Senator Comerford, a joint petition of Daniel R. Carey and Joanne M. Comerford that the Hampshire County Regional Housing Authority be authorized to convey a certain parcel of land in the town of South Hadley to the South Hadley Housing Authority. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the permanent intermittent police force for the city of Methuen. Description: Relative to the permanent intermittent police force for the city of Methuen. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to tax title expense. Description: Relative to tax title expense on land taken or sold for nonpayment of taxes. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for alternate members of the Conservation Commission of the town of Freetown. Description: Relative to alternate members of the Conservation Commission of the town of Freetown. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To further regulate the attendance by police officers at police association executive board meetings. Description: For legislation to further regulate the attendance by police officers at police association executive board meetings. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To change the name of the board of selectmen in the town of Burlington to select board. Description: For legislation to change the name of the board of selectmen in the town of Burlington to select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To amend the Attleboro city charter by making all gender references therein gender neutral. Description: That the city of Attleboro be authorized to amend the charter of said city by making all gender references therein gender neutral. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing municipal use of the prudent investor standards. Description: Relative to authorizing municipal use of the prudent investor standards. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to insurance proceeds for injured police and fire personnel in the town of Boylston. Description: Relative to insurance proceeds for injured police and fire personnel in the town of Boylston. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the management of Fuller Field in the town of Clinton. Description: Relative to the management of Fuller Field in the town of Clinton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the select board of the town of Clinton. Description: That the town of Clinton be authorized to change the name of the board of selectmen in said town to the select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Greenfield to lease a certain parcel of land. Description: That the city known as the town of Greenfield be authorized to lease a certain parcel of land on Leyden Road in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To repeal Chapter 404 of the Acts of 2008. Description: Relative to the powers of the town manager in the town of North Andover. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To allow the town of Andover to transfer conservation land. Description: By Ms. Nguyen of Andover, a petition of Tram T. Nguyen and Frank A. Moran (by vote of the town) the town of Andover be authorized to transfer certain land to the conservation commission of the said town for conservation and passive recreation purposes. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Orleans to rescind chapter 381 of the acts of 2008 and to adopt a sewer assessment bylaw. Description: Relative to the sewer system and adoption of a sewer assessment bylaw in the town of Orleans. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the Ware selectboard. Description: That the town of Ware be authorized to change the name of the board of selectmen to selectboard in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Granting equal access to original birth certificates to all persons born in Massachusetts. Description: Relative to access to original birth certificates to persons born in the Commonwealth. Public Health.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to enhanced fire protection in new one- and two-family dwellings. Description: Relative to the installation of automatic sprinkler systems in certain new family dwellings. Public Safety and Homeland Security.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to fire safety. Description: Relative to fire protection sprinkler systems. Public Safety and Homeland Security.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the abolishment of the board of police in the city of Fall River. Description: Relative to the abolishment of the Board of Police in the city of Fall River. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the abolishment of the board of fire commissioners in the city of Fall River. Description: That the city of Fall River be authorized to abolish of the Board of Fire Commissioners in said city. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Clinton to continue the employment of police chief Mark R. Laverdure. Description: That the town of Clinton be authorized to continue the employment of police chief Mark R. Laverdure. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Allowing the town of Wakefield to employ retired police officers as special police officers. Description: Relative to authorizing the town of Wakefield to employ retired police officers as special police officers. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To allow elected officers in the town of Lee to serve on the Board of Public Works. Description: For legislation to authorize elected officers in the town of Lee to serve on the board of public works of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the Ware Fire Department. Description: Relative to the appointment of fire officers and firefighters in the town of Ware. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Fairhaven Fire Department. Description: Relative to the eligibility for a civil service promotion to the rank of fire lieutenant within the fire department in the town of Fairhaven. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Eliminating the requirement for the geriatric authority to make payment to the town of Milford in lieu of taxes. Description: That the town of Milford be authorized to eliminate the requirement for the Milford Geriatric Authority to make payments to said town in lieu of taxes. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating the last day of February as rare disease day in the Commonwealth. Description: By Mr. Ashe of Longmeadow, a petition of Brian M. Ashe and others for the annual issuance of a proclamation by the Governor designating the last day of February as rare disease day. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating the month of October as adopt a shelter dog month. Description: By Mr. Ayers of Quincy, a petition of Bruce J. Ayers and Adam J. Scanlon for the issuance by the Governor of an annual proclamation setting apart the month of October as adopt a shelter dog awareness month. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating July 8 as Massachusetts Emancipation Day a.k.a. Quock Walker Day. Description: By Ms. Ciccolo of Lexington, a petition of Michelle L. Ciccolo and others for the annual issuance of a proclamation by the Governor setting apart July 8th as Massachusetts Emancipation Day, also to be known as Quock Walker Day, in recognition of the declaration of rights that rendered slavery unconstitutional in the Commonwealth. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing plastic pollution action day in the commonwealth. Description: By Ms. Decker of Cambridge, a petition of Marjorie C. Decker and others for the issuance of an annual proclamation by the Governor to designate September 14 as plastic pollution action day. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating inflammatory breast cancer awareness day. Description: For legislation to designate October 18 as inflammatory breast cancer awareness day. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing building trades recovery week. Description: By Mr. Hunt of Boston, a petition of Daniel J. Hunt, Elizabeth A. Malia and David Biele for the issuance of an annual proclamation by the Governor to designate the last full week in April as building trades recovery week. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Finalizing the transfer of land in the town of Middleton. Description: Relative to finalizing the transfer of certain state-owned land in the town of Middleton. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to Rosa Parks Day. Description: By Messrs. Kushmerek of Fitchburg and Diggs of Barnstable, a petition of Michael P. Kushmerek, Kip A. Diggs and others for the issuance of an annual proclamation by the Governor to designate the fourth of February as Rosa Parks day. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing the official dinosaur of the Commonwealth. Description: Relative to establishing the official dinosaur of the Commonwealth. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating Domestic Workers’ Rights Day. Description: By Mr. Moran of Boston, a petition of Michael J. Moran, Lindsay N. Sabadosa and Michelle M. DuBois for the annual issuance of a proclamation by the Governor setting apart the sixteenth day of June as domestic workers’ rights day. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating May 6 as Moyamoya Disease Awareness Day. Description: By Ms. Nguyen of Andover, a petition of Tram T. Nguyen and others for the annual issuance of a proclamation by the Governor setting apart May 6th as Moyamoya awareness day. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Supporting safe excavation practices. Description: Relative to safe excavation practices. Telecommunications, Utilities and Energy.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To expand membership opportunities in local cultural councils. Description: For legislation to prohibit chief appointing authorities and members of local appropriating authorities from membership in local cultural councils. Tourism, Arts and Cultural Development.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the town of Auburn the Robert Conroy Memorial Bridge. Description: Relative to designating a certain bridge in the town of Auburn as the Robert Conroy memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a pilot program allowing for in-person payment of daily parking fees at certain commuter rail stations operated by the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority. Description: Relative to establishing a pilot program for the payment of parking fees at certain commuter rail stations. Transportation.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the town of Needham the private first class David “Damon” Borrelli memorial bridge. Description: For legislation to designate a certain bridge in the town of Needham as the Private First Class David “Damon” Borrelli memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the towns of Middleborough and Carver as the Medal of Honor Bridge. Description: Relative to designating a certain bridge in the towns of Middleborough and Carver as the Medal of Honor bridge. Transportation.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating historic routes. Description: For legislation to designate Route 1, Route 20 and Route 6 in the Commonwealth as historic United States routes. Transportation.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Protecting motorists and emergency personnel. Description: Relative to increasing the fine for speeding in a “breakdown lane” where such travel is permitted. Transportation.
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Financing the reconstruction of the Soldiers' Home in Holyoke. Description: Financing the reconstruction of the Soldiers' Home in Holyoke
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for Massachusetts COVID-19 emergency paid sick leave. Description: Sections 13 to 17, inclusive, and also sections 22 and 29 contained in the engrossed Bill financing a program for improvements to the Unemployment Insurance Trust Fund and providing relief to employers and workers in the Commonwealth (see House, No. 90, amended), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message, see House, No. 3703). April 1, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of Grafton. Description: That the town of Grafton be authorized to amend the charter of said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to city council vacancy. Description: Relative to city council vacancies in the city of Brockton. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To grant additional liquor licenses for the sale of wines and malt beverages to be drunk on the premises in Concord. Description: For legislation to grant four additional liquor licenses for the sale of wines and malt beverages to be drunk on the premises in the town of Concord. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the design, development, construction and operation of a senior low-income and affordable housing project located at 144 Greenmont Avenue in the town of Dracut. Description: Relative to the design, development, construction and operation of a certain senior low-income and affordable housing project located in the town of Dracut. Housing. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the disbursement of funds held by the town of Westford. Description: Relative to authorizing the disbursement of certain funds held in escrow by the town of Westford. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing alternates on the Tyngsborough conservation commission. Description: Relative to providing for the appointment of two alternate members of the conservation commission of the town of Tyngsborough. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Dracut to pay a certain bill to White Water, Inc. Description: Relative to authorizing the town of Dracut to pay a certain bill to White Water, Inc. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the investment of town of Lunenburg library trust funds. Description: Relative to authorizing the investment of town of Lunenburg library trust funds. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To make permanent a senior means tested property tax exemption in Concord. Description: For legislation to make permanent a senior means tested property tax exemption in the town of Concord. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Designating September as PCOS awareness month. Description: By Ms. Elugardo of Boston, a petition of Nika C. Elugardo and others for the annual issuance of a proclamation by the Governor setting apart the month of September as polycystic ovary syndrome awareness month. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the election of town meeting members in the town of Arlington. Description: Relative to the election of town meeting members in the town of Arlington. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to recall of elected officers in the town of Wenham. Description: Relative to recall of elected officers in the town of Wenham. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of North Andover town meeting warrant posting. Description: For legislation to amend the charter of the town of North Andover relative to town meeting warrant postings. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the establishment of a regional old colony communications center enterprise fund by the town of Duxbury. Description: That the town of Duxbury be authorized to establish a Regional Old Colony Communications Center enterprise fund. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing senior water and sewer discounts in the town of Arlington. Description: That the town of Arlington be authorized to establish senior water and sewer discounts in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Danvers to convey and acquire certain property. Description: That the town of Danvers be authorized to convey and acquire certain parcels of land in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the appointment of retired police officers as special police officers in the town of Arlington. Description: Relative to the appointment of retired police officers as special police officers in the town of Arlington. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing Justin Brown to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the town of Arlington. Description: By Representative Garballey of Arlington and Senator Friedman, a joint petition of Sean Garballey, Cindy F. Friedman and David M. Rogers (by vote of the town) that Justin Brown be authorized to take the civil service examination for the position of firefighter in the town of Arlington, notwithstanding the maximum age requirement. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting the positions of police chief and police captain in the city of Leominster from the civil service law. Description: That the city of Leominster be authorized to exempt the positions of police and police captain from the civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the fire department of the town of Lancaster. Description: That the town of Lancaster be authorized to continue the employment of Maurice Bateman, a firefighter/EMT of the fire department of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the deputy fire chief of the town of Lancaster. Description: That the town of Lancaster be authorized to continue the employment of Kevin Lamb as deputy chief of the fire department of said town. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing special police officers in the town of Natick to serve until the age of 70. Description: Relative to authorizing special police officers in the town of Natick to serve until the age of 70. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Retirement of officer Sean Murphy. Description: By Messrs. Murphy of Weymouth and Mariano of Quincy, a petition of James M. Murphy, Ronald Mariano and John E. Nelson (with the approval of the mayor and town council) that the retirement board of the city known as the town of Weymouth be authorized to retire Sean Murphy, a police officer in the Weymouth police department. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Melrose to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Description: That the city of Melrose be authorized to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Melrose to regulate certain property tax exemption eligibility requirements for the elderly. Description: That the city of Melrose be authorized to regulate certain property tax exemption eligibility requirements for the elderly in said city. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Linda R. Berube, an employee of the Department of Developmental Services. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Linda R. Berube, an employee of the Department of Developmental Services
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Reorganizing certain licensing agencies of the executive department. Description: Relative to reorganizing certain licensing agencies of the executive department.
In 2022, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Amending the charter for the town of Nantucket. Description: Relative to amending the charter of the town of Nantucket. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Relative to the charter of the town of Eastham. Description: Relative to the charter of the town of Eastham. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Further regulating certain affordable housing in Ipswich, Massachusetts. Description: That the town of Ipswich be authorized to further regulate certain affordable housing in said town. Housing. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Providing for alcoholic beverage licenses in the town of Dunstable. Description: Providing for alcoholic beverage licenses in the town of Dunstable
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Lunenburg to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises to Jaxx Country Variety. Description: Authorizing the town of Lunenburg to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises to Jaxx Country Variety
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Regulating the membership of the Board of Trustees of the Woburn Public Library Corporation. Description: For legislation to allow the mayor of the city of Woburn to fill vacancies on the Board of Trustees of the Woburn Library Corporation. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to transferring federal funds to the federal COVID-19 response fund. Description: Relative to transferring federal funds to the federal COVID-19 response fund
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Whately to continue the employment of fire department member Gary Stone. Description: Authorizing the town of Whately to continue the employment of fire department member Gary Stone
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Whately to continue the employment of fire department member William Smith. Description: Authorizing the town of Whately to continue the employment of fire department member William Smith
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Sandisfield to continue the employment of employees subject to mandatory retirement. Description: Authorizing the town of Sandisfield to continue the employment of employees subject to mandatory retirement
In 2022, Massachusetts enrolled a bill titled: Providing for electric vehicle charging stations in the city of Cambridge. Description: That the city of Cambridge be authorized to provide for electric vehicle charging stations in said city. Transportation. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Changing the Board of Selectmen of the town of Plainfield to a Select Board. Description: Relative to changing the board of selectmen of the town of Plainfield to a select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations for fiscal year 2021 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: Making appropriations for fiscal year 2021 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to reprecincting. Description: Relative to reprecincting (House, No. 3863); reports, recommending that the same ought to pass with an amendment striking out all after the enacting clause and inserting in place thereof the text of Senate document numbered 2489.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Bourne to exempt the position of Chief of Police from civil service law. Description: That the town of Bourne be authorized to exempt the position of chief of police from civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the conveyance of a conservation restriction on the land known as Inter Lochen Park in the town of Sharon. Description: Relative to authorizing the conveyance of a conservation restriction on the land known as Inter Lochen Park in the town of Sharon. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing Massachusetts Right Whale Day. Description: By Mr. Cutler of Pembroke, a petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Josh S. Cutler that the Governor issue an annual proclamation setting apart April twenty-fourth as Right Whale Day. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations for fiscal year 2021 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: Making appropriations for fiscal year 2021 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Bruce Young, an employee of the Worcester county sheriff’s office. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Bruce Young, an employee of the Worcester County Sheriff’s Office. Public Service.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: To establish a surcharge on specific commercial development activities for the purpose of funding the creation of community housing. Description: That the town of Lexington be authorized to establish a commercial linkage fee to certain commercial construction building permits issued by said town for the purpose of affordable housing. Housing. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to investment of certain trust funds in the town of Weston. Description: Relative to investment of certain trust funds in the town of Weston. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Sudbury to grant an additional license for the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises. Description: Authorizing the town of Sudbury to grant an additional license for the sale of alcoholic beverages to be drunk on the premises
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Clinton to grant a license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to Super Sumit, Inc. Description: Authorizing the town of Clinton to grant a license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages to Super Sumit, Inc
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Norwood to grant an additional liquor license. Description: Authorizing the town of Norwood to grant an additional liquor license
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Webster to grant additional liquor licenses. Description: Authorizing the town of Webster to grant additional liquor licenses
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Northampton to amend a certain conservation easement. Description: That the city of Northampton be authorized to amend a certain conservation easement in said city. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Mendon to establish a means-tested senior citizen property tax exemption. Description: That the town of Mendon be authorized to establish a means-tested senior citizen property tax exemption in said town. Revenue.[Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Financing improvements to municipal roads and bridges. Description: Financing improvements to municipal roads and bridges
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making certain appropriations for Fiscal Year 2022 before final action on the General Appropriation Bill. Description: Making certain appropriations for Fiscal Year 2022 before final action on the General Appropriation Bill
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain investments by the treasurer of the town of Groton. Description: Relative to authorizing certain investments by the treasurer of the town of Groton. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Classifying the death of city of Lawrence police patrolman Jacob Eyssi. Description: Relative to the death of city of Lawrence police patrolman Jacob Eyssi. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the town of Danvers Electric Light Division. Description: Relative to the town of Danvers Electric Light Division. Telecommunications, Utilities and Energy.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain playground on the Esplanade in the city of Boston as the Gronk Playground. Description: By Mr. Livingstone of Boston, a petition (subject to Joint Rule 12) of Jay D. Livingstone that a certain playground on the Esplanade in the city of Boston be designated as the Gronk playground. Environment, Natural Resources and Agriculture.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Julie DeRosa, an employee of the Department of Mental Health. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Julie DeRosa, an employee of the Department of Mental Health. Public Service.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to changing the name of the board of selectmen in the town of Norwell. Description: Relative to changing the name of the board of selectmen to select board in the town of Norwell. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the department of public works in the town of Westborough. Description: Relative to a department of public works in the town of Westborough. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the residency requirement for the executive assistant in the town of Hudson. Description: Relative to the residency requirement for the executive assistant in the town of Hudson. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of Hudson. Description: Relative to amending the charter of the town of Hudson to change the name of the board of selectmen to select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the city of Newburyport. Description: Relative to amending the charter of the city of Newburyport. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Christina Ruccio, an employee of the Suffolk County Sheriff's Department. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Christina Ruccio, an employee of the Suffolk County Sheriff's Department. Public Service.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to town elections in the town of Wilbraham. Description: That the town of Wilbraham be authorized to further regulate ballots in said town. Election Laws. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the use of Article ninety-seven land for roadway improvements in the town of Dunstable. Description: That the town of Dunstable be authorized to use certain land in said town for roadway improvements. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the Selectboard of the town of Duxbury. Description: Relative to changing the name of the board of selectmen to select board in the town of Duxbury. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the town of Wilmington as the Trooper Thomas W. Devlin memorial bridge. Description: Designating a certain bridge in the town of Wilmington as the Trooper Thomas W. Devlin memorial bridge
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Changing the name of the members of the city council in the city of Woburn from alderman to city councilor. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Ms. Garlick of Needham, for a Bill to amend the charter of the city of Woburn to change the name of the members of the city council from "alderman" to "city councilor" (House, No. 2168, changed) [Local Approval Received]. July 14, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the Board of Selectmen of the town of Fairhaven. Description: Relative to the board of selectmen of the town of Fairhaven. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing residency requirements for the offices of mayor, city council, and school committee in the city of Revere. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Ms. Garlick of Needham, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 2654) [Local Approval Received]. July 15, 2021.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing certain members of the Webster Fire Department to buy-back eligible retirement service time. Description: For legislation to authorize the Webster Retirement Board to grant creditable service to Chris W. Jolda and Kevin P. Adams, members of the rescue service of the town of Webster. Public Service.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the town of Orleans as the Norman Wood Finch memorial bridge. Description: For legislation to designate a certain bridge in the town of Orleans as the Norman Wood Finch memorial bridge. Transportation.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the appointment of a treasurer/collector in the town of Rehoboth. Description: That the town of Rehoboth be authorized to appoint a treasurer/collector in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the terms of certain bonds for transportation improvements to be issued by the Commonwealth. Description: Providing for the terms of certain bonds for transportation improvements to be issued by the Commonwealth
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Making appropriations for fiscal year 2021 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects. Description: The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two branches with reference to the Senate amendment of the House Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2021 to provide for supplementing certain existing appropriations and for certain other activities and projects (House, No. 3871), reports recommending passage of the accompanying bill (House, No. 3973).
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth. Description: Providing for the terms of certain bonds to be issued by the Commonwealth
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Extending simulcasting and horse racing authorization. Description: Extending simulcasting and horse racing authorization
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the city of Easthampton. Description: For legislation to amend the charter of the city of Easthampton. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Relative to the Chilmark Select Board. Description: Relative to changing the name of the board of selectmen to select board in the town of Chilmark. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to utility improvements on private roads in the town of Eastham. Description: Relative to utility improvements on private roads in the town of Eastham. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Changing the board of selectmen of the town of Sharon to a select board. Description: Relative to changing the board of selectmen of the town of Sharon to a select board. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Deerfield to continue the employment of police officer Gary Sibilia. Description: That the town of Deerfield be authorized to continue the employment of police officer Gary Sibilia. Public Service.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To give the town of Leicester authority to grant full annual property tax exemptions to the surviving spouse of Rutland Police Detective and Leicester resident John D. Songy. Description: That the town of Leicester be authorized to grant full annual property tax exemptions to the surviving spouse of Rutland police detective and Leicester resident John D. Songy. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Regulating sports wagering. Description: House bill No. 3977, as changed by the committee on Bills in the Third Reading, and as amended and passed to be engrossed by the House. July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the special act charter of the city of Northampton. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Ms. Garlick of Needham, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 2202) [Local Approval Received]. July 26, 2021.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the city of Cambridge to use certain land for general municipal purposes and the installation of subsurface geothermal wells. Description: Substituted by the House, on motion of Ms. Garlick of Needham, for a bill with the same title (House, No. 3768) [Local Approval Received]. July 26, 2021.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing for the appointment and removal authority of the town administrator of the town of Wilbraham for officers and employees of the town other than those employees of the Wilbraham Police Department, Wilbraham Fire Department, and Wilbraham Department of Public Works. Description: Relative to the appointment and removal authority of the town administrator of the town of Wilbraham. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: To amend the Blackstone home rule charter by deleting the Town Administrator residency requirement. Description: Relative to the residency requirement for the town administrator of the town of Blackstone. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Promoting student nutrition. Description: Promoting student nutrition
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements. Description: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements. Description: Making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a hate crimes task force. Description: Section 6 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment C of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to certain statutory funds and transfers of appropriations. Description: Sections 7, 102 and 103 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment D of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the water supply protection trust. Description: Section 8 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment E of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to alternative compliance payment liens. Description: Section 12 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment F of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to post-retirement employment of public retirees. Description: Section 18 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment G of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Repealing certain tax expenditures. Description: Sections 23, 30, 32, 33, 34 and 145 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment H of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the taxation of pass-through entities. Description: Section 39 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment I of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to parking fees on department of conservation and recreation roads. Description: Section 42 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment J of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to eligibility for emergency assistance to elderly, disabled residents and children. Description: Section 47 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment K of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to eligibility for transitional aid to families with dependent children. Description: Section 67 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment L of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to sexual assault evidence kits. Description: Sections 74 and 119 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment M of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Providing operating assistance to regional transit authorities. Description: Section 113 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment N of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the distribution of certain grants to regional tourism councils. Description: Sections 116 and 117 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment O of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a special legislative commission to study poverty in the Commonwealth. Description: Section 128 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment P of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a special commission to examine the Department of Public Health’s nursing home licensure process and requirements. Description: Section 129 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment Q of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a higher education affordability task force. Description: Section 135 contained in the engrossed Bill making appropriations for the fiscal year 2022 for the maintenance of the departments, boards, commissions, institutions and certain activities of the Commonwealth, for interest, sinking fund and serial bond requirements and for certain permanent improvements (see House, No. 4002), which had been returned by His Excellency the Governor with recommendation of amendment (for message see Attachment R of House, No. 4019). July 22, 2021.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Creating a cell tower receipts fund for the town of North Reading. Description: That the town of North Reading be authorized to create a cell tower receipts fund in said town. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating the Department of Unemployment Assistance building in the city of Brockton as the C. Gerald Lucey Building. Description: For legislation to designate the Department of Unemployment Assistance building in the city of Brockton as the C. Gerald Lucey building. State Administration and Regulatory Oversight.
In 2021, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Tara Blodgett. Description: Establishing a sick leave bank for Tara Blodgett
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Amending the charter of the town of Hopkinton to change the name of the board of selectmen to select board. Description: Relative to amending the charter of the town of Hopkinton to change the name of the board of selectmen to select board. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to bidding requirements for a certain affordable housing project in the town of Brookline. Description: Relative to bidding requirements for a certain affordable housing project in the town of Brookline. Housing. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Restoring an increase in the membership of the Board of Health in the city of Framingham. Description: Relative to the membership of the board of health in the city of Framingham. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing an open town meeting in the town of Lee. Description: Relative to establishing an open town meeting in the town of Lee. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Exempting the position of apprentice lineman in the town of Norwood from the civil service law. Description: By Representative Rogers of Norwood and Senator Rush, a joint petition of John H. Rogers and Michael F. Rush (by vote of the town) that the position of apprentice lineman in the town of Norwood be exempt from the civil service law. Public Service. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Samantha Davignon, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Samantha Davignon, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. Public Service.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Designating a certain bridge in the city of Haverhill as the Ted and Mary Murphy Bridge. Description: Relative to designating a certain bridge spanning Interstate Route 495 in the city of Haverhill as the Ted and Mary Murphy bridge. Transportation.
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing the appointed office of town clerk in the town of Dunstable. Description: That the town of Dunstable be authorized to establish the appointed position of town clerk. Municipalities and Regional Government. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2021, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Establishing a sick leave bank for Tanya Hackett, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. Description: For legislation to establish a sick leave bank for Tanya Hackett, an employee of the Department of Children and Families. Public Service.
In 2022, Massachusetts engrossed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Lincoln to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption program. Description: That the town of Lincoln be authorized to establish a means tested senior citizen property tax exemption program in said town. Revenue. [Local Approval Received.]
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Sudbury to transfer a certain parcel of land. Description: That the town of Sudbury be authorized to transfer a certain parcel of land in said town to Theodore Orenstein and Judith Aronson Webb. Municipalities and Regional Government.
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Relative to the South Norwood General Business District. Description: Relative to the South Norwood General Business District
In 2022, Massachusetts passed a bill titled: Authorizing the town of Easton to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages. Description: Authorizing the town of Easton to grant an additional license for the sale of all alcoholic beverages
