Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Minnesota:
In 2025, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the temporary organization of the 94th Minnesota Senate. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the temporary organization of the 94th Minnesota Senate
In 2025, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution naming Senate leaders. Description: A Senate resolution naming Senate leaders
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus legacy bill.. Description: Omnibus legacy bill.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Transportation supplemental budget bill.. Description: Transportation supplemental budget bill.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Judiciary and Public Safety appropriations. Description: Omnibus Judiciary and Public Safety appropriations
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Human Services appropriations. Description: Omnibus Human Services appropriations
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Protect Reproductive Options Act; fundamental right to reproductive health established.. Description: Protect Reproductive Options Act; fundamental right to reproductive health established.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Conversion therapy prohibited for children and vulnerable adults, medical assistance coverage prohibited, and misrepresentation of conversion therapy services or products prohibited.. Description: Conversion therapy prohibited for children and vulnerable adults, medical assistance coverage prohibited, and misrepresentation of conversion therapy services or products prohibited.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Paid family, bonding, and applicant's serious medical condition benefits provided; employment leaves regulated and required; income tax withholdings authorized and taxes imposed; penalties authorized; actuarial report required; and money appropriated.. Description: Paid family, bonding, and applicant's serious medical condition benefits provided; employment leaves regulated and required; income tax withholdings authorized and taxes imposed; penalties authorized; actuarial report required; and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Voter registration and absentee voting provisions modified; voting instructions and sample ballot required to be multilingual and interpreters required to be provided; intimidation, deceptive practices, and interference regulated; campaign finance provisions modified; and money appropriated.. Description: Voter registration and absentee voting provisions modified; voting instructions and sample ballot required to be multilingual and interpreters required to be provided; intimidation, deceptive practices, and interference regulated; campaign finance provisions modified; and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Noncompliant driver's license or Minnesota ID card requirements modified and related changes made, including on eligibility, proof of lawful presence, primary and secondary documentation, and data practices; and money appropriated.. Description: Noncompliant driver's license or Minnesota ID card requirements modified and related changes made, including on eligibility, proof of lawful presence, primary and secondary documentation, and data practices; and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Free school lunch and breakfast provided for students, and money appropriated.. Description: Free school lunch and breakfast provided for students, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Price gouging prohibited during an abnormal market disruption, and penalties prescribed.. Description: Price gouging prohibited during an abnormal market disruption, and penalties prescribed.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Electric utility renewable energy standard obligations modified, cost recovery provided, wind projects exempted from certificate of need proceedings, low-voltage transmission line included in solar energy generating system definition, local energy employment provisions added, and Public Utility Commission permit authority modified for electric generation facilities.. Description: Electric utility renewable energy standard obligations modified, cost recovery provided, wind projects exempted from certificate of need proceedings, low-voltage transmission line included in solar energy generating system definition, local energy employment provisions added, and Public Utility Commission permit authority modified for electric generation facilities.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Child care assistance rates and funding priorities modified, termination and disqualification of human services providers and grant recipients procedures modified, child care assistance program and grant funding provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Child care assistance rates and funding priorities modified, termination and disqualification of human services providers and grant recipients procedures modified, child care assistance program and grant funding provided, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Earned sick and safe time provided, Ninth Judicial District court judge added, report required, rulemaking authorized, and money appropriated.. Description: Earned sick and safe time provided, Ninth Judicial District court judge added, report required, rulemaking authorized, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Lead drinking water service line replacement grant program established, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Lead drinking water service line replacement grant program established, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Federal Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act funding provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Federal Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act funding provided, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Right to vote restored to individuals convicted of a felony upon completion of any term of incarceration imposed and executed by a court for the offense, and money appropriated.. Description: Right to vote restored to individuals convicted of a felony upon completion of any term of incarceration imposed and executed by a court for the offense, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Catalytic converter purchase or acquisition requirements established, penalties provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Catalytic converter purchase or acquisition requirements established, penalties provided, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Individual income and corporate franchise tax provisions modified, and federal tax provisions conformity provided.. Description: Individual income and corporate franchise tax provisions modified, and federal tax provisions conformity provided.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: State forecast required to include the rate of inflation.. Description: State forecast required to include the rate of inflation.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Worker safety requirements established, and money appropriated.. Description: Worker safety requirements established, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Race definition modified relating to hair styles and textures within the Minnesota Human Rights Act.. Description: Race definition modified relating to hair styles and textures within the Minnesota Human Rights Act.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Labor trafficking definitions amended, penalties enhanced, conforming changes made relating to statewide human trafficking assessment, and Sentence Guidelines Commission required to consider assigning a severity level ranking to the labor trafficking crime.. Description: Labor trafficking definitions amended, penalties enhanced, conforming changes made relating to statewide human trafficking assessment, and Sentence Guidelines Commission required to consider assigning a severity level ranking to the labor trafficking crime.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Gross misdemeanor maximum term of incarceration set at 364 days.. Description: Gross misdemeanor maximum term of incarceration set at 364 days.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Assessment process established to determine if current and former members of the military charged with offenses are eligible for deferred prosecution.. Description: Assessment process established to determine if current and former members of the military charged with offenses are eligible for deferred prosecution.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Easement and state land conveying and leasing requirements modified, state forests added to and deleted from, state parks added to, and sale and conveyance of land authorized.. Description: Easement and state land conveying and leasing requirements modified, state forests added to and deleted from, state parks added to, and sale and conveyance of land authorized.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Office created for missing and murdered Black women and girls, office authorized to issue grants, Bureau of Criminal Apprehension required to operate missing person alert program, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Office created for missing and murdered Black women and girls, office authorized to issue grants, Bureau of Criminal Apprehension required to operate missing person alert program, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Recording and title provisions modified and updated, clarifying and technical changes made, and obsolete provisions repealed.. Description: Recording and title provisions modified and updated, clarifying and technical changes made, and obsolete provisions repealed.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Public Employment Relations Board data modified, and money appropriated.. Description: Public Employment Relations Board data modified, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Board of Public Defense funding provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Board of Public Defense funding provided, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Cannabis finance and policy bill.. Description: Cannabis finance and policy bill.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Crime of surreptitious intrusion that does not take place through a window or aperture established, crime of surreptitious intrusion under or around a person's clothing established, statute of limitations amended for surreptitious intrusion, and technical and conforming changes made.. Description: Crime of surreptitious intrusion that does not take place through a window or aperture established, crime of surreptitious intrusion under or around a person's clothing established, statute of limitations amended for surreptitious intrusion, and technical and conforming changes made.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Review of physical education standards delayed.. Description: Review of physical education standards delayed.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Competency attainment; technical changes made, and money appropriated.. Description: Competency attainment; technical changes made, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Gender-affirming health care; use of subpoenas to gather information prevented; child custody and child welfare provisions amended; and warrant, arrest, and extradition provisions amended.. Description: Gender-affirming health care; use of subpoenas to gather information prevented; child custody and child welfare provisions amended; and warrant, arrest, and extradition provisions amended.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Child care stabilization base grants and early learning scholarships modified, and money appropriated.. Description: Child care stabilization base grants and early learning scholarships modified, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Manufactured home park utility billing practice provisions amended.. Description: Manufactured home park utility billing practice provisions amended.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A resolution memorializing Congress to resolve that the requirements have been met to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) and that it shall now be known as the Twenty-Eighth Amendment to the Constitution.. Description: A resolution memorializing Congress to resolve that the requirements have been met to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) and that it shall now be known as the Twenty-Eighth Amendment to the Constitution.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Lawns to legumes grant program established, and money appropriated.. Description: Lawns to legumes grant program established, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Food shelf program funding provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Food shelf program funding provided, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Children and families finance bill.. Description: Children and families finance bill.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Uniform Electronic Wills Act adopted; and technical, clarifying, and conforming changes made.. Description: Uniform Electronic Wills Act adopted; and technical, clarifying, and conforming changes made.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Reproductive health care; health records release limited, health-related licensing board acts prohibited, background study disqualification prohibited, judgement enforcement prevented, subpoena enforcement restricted, lawsuit cause of action created, and extradition of persons charged in another state prohibited.. Description: Reproductive health care; health records release limited, health-related licensing board acts prohibited, background study disqualification prohibited, judgement enforcement prevented, subpoena enforcement restricted, lawsuit cause of action created, and extradition of persons charged in another state prohibited.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Open appointments to multimember agencies modifications made, and multimember agency appointments made subject to ban the box law.. Description: Open appointments to multimember agencies modifications made, and multimember agency appointments made subject to ban the box law.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Health care entity transaction requirements established, health care transaction data reported, expiration date changed on moratorium conversion transactions, health system required to return charitable assets received from the state to the general fund, study required on regulation of transactions, and report required.. Description: Health care entity transaction requirements established, health care transaction data reported, expiration date changed on moratorium conversion transactions, health system required to return charitable assets received from the state to the general fund, study required on regulation of transactions, and report required.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Homeless Youth Act modified, and money appropriated.. Description: Homeless Youth Act modified, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Legislative enactments; miscellaneous oversights, inconsistencies, ambiguities, unintended results, and technical errors corrected.. Description: Legislative enactments; miscellaneous oversights, inconsistencies, ambiguities, unintended results, and technical errors corrected.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Rural Finance Authority funding provided, bonds issued, and money appropriated.. Description: Rural Finance Authority funding provided, bonds issued, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicle titles and disclosure governing requirements technical change made.. Description: Motor vehicle titles and disclosure governing requirements technical change made.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Lost and stolen firearms required to be reported promptly to law enforcement, and money appropriated.. Description: Lost and stolen firearms required to be reported promptly to law enforcement, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Capital investment; spending authorized to acquire and better public land and buildings, new programs established and existing programs modified, prior appropriations modified, bonds issued, conveyance of state bond-financed property authorized, reports required, and money appropriated.. Description: Capital investment; spending authorized to acquire and better public land and buildings, new programs established and existing programs modified, prior appropriations modified, bonds issued, conveyance of state bond-financed property authorized, reports required, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Capital investment; spending authorized to acquire and better land and buildings and for other improvements, programs established and modified, prior appropriations canceled, and money appropriated.. Description: Capital investment; spending authorized to acquire and better land and buildings and for other improvements, programs established and modified, prior appropriations canceled, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Chanhassen; Trunk Highway 5 segment designated as Prince Rogers Nelson Memorial Highway, and Augie Mueller Memorial Highway modified.. Description: Chanhassen; Trunk Highway 5 segment designated as Prince Rogers Nelson Memorial Highway, and Augie Mueller Memorial Highway modified.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Department of Corrections; ombudsperson removal authorized only for just cause.. Description: Department of Corrections; ombudsperson removal authorized only for just cause.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minnesota Secure Choice retirement program established, civil penalties provided, money transferred, and money appropriated.. Description: Minnesota Secure Choice retirement program established, civil penalties provided, money transferred, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Labor agreements and memorandums of understanding ratified.. Description: Labor agreements and memorandums of understanding ratified.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Housing; discrimination based on participation in public assistance prohibited, pet declawing and devocalization prohibited, fees prohibited, inspections required, notice provided, penalties provided, right to counsel provided, lease covenants and repairs in residential tenancy provided, renewal and termination of lease provided, residential evictions provided, and expungements provided.. Description: Housing; discrimination based on participation in public assistance prohibited, pet declawing and devocalization prohibited, fees prohibited, inspections required, notice provided, penalties provided, right to counsel provided, lease covenants and repairs in residential tenancy provided, renewal and termination of lease provided, residential evictions provided, and expungements provided.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Towed vehicle contents retrieval governing requirements amended, and cause of action provided for aggrieved vehicle owners.. Description: Towed vehicle contents retrieval governing requirements amended, and cause of action provided for aggrieved vehicle owners.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Civil actions; causes of action survival modified.. Description: Civil actions; causes of action survival modified.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Employer retaliation provisions modified, and pregnancy accommodations modified.. Description: Employer retaliation provisions modified, and pregnancy accommodations modified.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Postsecondary attainment goals, student financial aid, institutional licensure provisions, and institutional grant program policy changes provided.. Description: Postsecondary attainment goals, student financial aid, institutional licensure provisions, and institutional grant program policy changes provided.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Type III vehicle retirement after 12 years requirement amended.. Description: Type III vehicle retirement after 12 years requirement amended.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Grounds required for a peace officer to use deadly force modified.. Description: Grounds required for a peace officer to use deadly force modified.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: State and local jail and prison inmates required to be housed in publicly owned and operated jails and prisons, and state and counties prohibited from contracting with private prisons.. Description: State and local jail and prison inmates required to be housed in publicly owned and operated jails and prisons, and state and counties prohibited from contracting with private prisons.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus commerce policy and finance bill. Description: Omnibus commerce policy and finance bill
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Peace officer and firefighter duty disability provisions modified, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Peace officer and firefighter duty disability provisions modified, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Disaster assistance contingency account money transferred.. Description: Disaster assistance contingency account money transferred.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Metropolitan Council authority to establish fare program and passes clarified.. Description: Metropolitan Council authority to establish fare program and passes clarified.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Corrections; e-filing of disposition of detainers authorized, language access provided, statutory language amended, rehabilitation facility provided, warrant issuance practices amended, release of incarcerated persons provisions modified, challenge incarceration program readmission provided and program offered at Shakopee facility, Advisory Council of Interstate Adult Supervision and Interstate Commission for Juveniles combined, intensive community supervision program law repealed, funding mechanism provided for transitioned probation services.. Description: Corrections; e-filing of disposition of detainers authorized, language access provided, statutory language amended, rehabilitation facility provided, warrant issuance practices amended, release of incarcerated persons provisions modified, challenge incarceration program readmission provided and program offered at Shakopee facility, Advisory Council of Interstate Adult Supervision and Interstate Commission for Juveniles combined, intensive community supervision program law repealed, funding mechanism provided for transitioned probation services.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Cause of action for nonconsensual dissemination of deep fake sexual images established, crime of using deep fake technology to influence an election established, and crime for nonconsensual dissemination of deep fake sexual images established.. Description: Cause of action for nonconsensual dissemination of deep fake sexual images established, crime of using deep fake technology to influence an election established, and crime for nonconsensual dissemination of deep fake sexual images established.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Aging, disability, behavioral health, substance use disorder, and statewide opioid litigation laws modified and established.. Description: Aging, disability, behavioral health, substance use disorder, and statewide opioid litigation laws modified and established.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Family homeless prevention and assistance program funding provided, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Family homeless prevention and assistance program funding provided, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Supervised practice of alcohol and drug counseling by former students allowed for limited time, HIV training requirements modified in substance use disorder treatment programs, withdrawal management license requirements modified, and substance use disorder treatment client record documentation requirements modified.. Description: Supervised practice of alcohol and drug counseling by former students allowed for limited time, HIV training requirements modified in substance use disorder treatment programs, withdrawal management license requirements modified, and substance use disorder treatment client record documentation requirements modified.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Public safety; various provisions modified relating to public safety commissioner authorization to accept donations or other gifts of money; Minnesota Hazardous Materials Incident Response Act; bomb disposal cost reimbursement; smoke alarms; questioned identity process; Criminal and Juvenile Justice Information Advisory Group; victim notification of plea, sentencing, and sentencing modification hearings; and reimbursement act.. Description: Public safety; various provisions modified relating to public safety commissioner authorization to accept donations or other gifts of money; Minnesota Hazardous Materials Incident Response Act; bomb disposal cost reimbursement; smoke alarms; questioned identity process; Criminal and Juvenile Justice Information Advisory Group; victim notification of plea, sentencing, and sentencing modification hearings; and reimbursement act.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Department of Corrections Fugitive Apprehension Unit authority expanded.. Description: Department of Corrections Fugitive Apprehension Unit authority expanded.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Legislative enactments; miscellaneous and technical corrections made to laws and statutes; erroneous, obsolete, and omitted text and references corrected; and redundant, conflicting, and superseded provisions removed.. Description: Legislative enactments; miscellaneous and technical corrections made to laws and statutes; erroneous, obsolete, and omitted text and references corrected; and redundant, conflicting, and superseded provisions removed.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Agriculture policy bill.. Description: Agriculture policy bill.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Energy grant programs established to enhance competitiveness of Minnesota entities in obtaining federal funding, account created, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Energy grant programs established to enhance competitiveness of Minnesota entities in obtaining federal funding, account created, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: State and local government policy bill.. Description: State and local government policy bill.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: State government finance bill.. Description: State government finance bill.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Environment and natural resources trust fund renewal provided and trust fund provisions modified, community grant program established, community grant program advisory council established, report required, money appropriated, and constitutional amendment proposed.. Description: Environment and natural resources trust fund renewal provided and trust fund provisions modified, community grant program established, community grant program advisory council established, report required, money appropriated, and constitutional amendment proposed.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Veterans and military affairs finance bill.. Description: Veterans and military affairs finance bill.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Tax finance and policy bill.. Description: Tax finance and policy bill.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Information and telecommunications technology systems and services protected during emergencies.. Description: Information and telecommunications technology systems and services protected during emergencies.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Ticket sale disclosure required, ticket sale conduct prohibited, data disclosure to the commissioner of commerce required, and enforcement allowed by the commissioner of commerce.. Description: Ticket sale disclosure required, ticket sale conduct prohibited, data disclosure to the commissioner of commerce required, and enforcement allowed by the commissioner of commerce.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Legacy finance and policy bill.. Description: Legacy finance and policy bill.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Higher education finance and policy bill.. Description: Higher education finance and policy bill.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Easement conveying requirements modified; state parks and forests added; and state land sales, purchases, and transfers authorized.. Description: Easement conveying requirements modified; state parks and forests added; and state land sales, purchases, and transfers authorized.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Nonbank mortgage servicers regulated, and report required.. Description: Nonbank mortgage servicers regulated, and report required.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Metropolitan Council redistricting provided.. Description: Metropolitan Council redistricting provided.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Early learning scholarships, Head Start, and early education programs modified; early childhood educator programs provided; reports required; and money appropriated.. Description: Early learning scholarships, Head Start, and early education programs modified; early childhood educator programs provided; reports required; and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Environment, natural resources, climate, and energy finance and policy bill.. Description: Environment, natural resources, climate, and energy finance and policy bill.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Housing finance and policy bill.. Description: Housing finance and policy bill.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Drill core library funding provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Drill core library funding provided, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Transportation network company driver protections established, civil action provided, and criminal penalties provided.. Description: Transportation network company driver protections established, civil action provided, and criminal penalties provided.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Child protection; economic supports; housing and homelessness; child care licensing; Department of Children, Youth, and Families provisions modified; reports required; and money appropriated.. Description: Child protection; economic supports; housing and homelessness; child care licensing; Department of Children, Youth, and Families provisions modified; reports required; and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Education finance bill.. Description: Education finance bill.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Gun trafficking investigations and firearm seizures report required by Bureau of Criminal Apprehension and Violent Crime Enforcement Teams, trigger activator definition amended, and transferring firearms to persons who are ineligible to possess firearms penalties increased.. Description: Gun trafficking investigations and firearm seizures report required by Bureau of Criminal Apprehension and Violent Crime Enforcement Teams, trigger activator definition amended, and transferring firearms to persons who are ineligible to possess firearms penalties increased.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Taxation; standard deduction calculation and statewide local housing aid definitions modified, and Beltrami County local sales and use tax authorization amended.. Description: Taxation; standard deduction calculation and statewide local housing aid definitions modified, and Beltrami County local sales and use tax authorization amended.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Transportation finance and policy bill.. Description: Transportation finance and policy bill.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Judiciary; spousal maintenance modified, and child support provisions modified.. Description: Judiciary; spousal maintenance modified, and child support provisions modified.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Pension policy bill.. Description: Pension policy bill.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: 2023 Workers' Compensation Advisory Committee recommendations adopted, workers' compensation self-insurance modified, system efficiencies improved, permanent partial disability schedule modified, post-traumatic stress disorder study and report required, housekeeping changes made, and money appropriated.. Description: 2023 Workers' Compensation Advisory Committee recommendations adopted, workers' compensation self-insurance modified, system efficiencies improved, permanent partial disability schedule modified, post-traumatic stress disorder study and report required, housekeeping changes made, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Written driver's examinations and the driver's manual plain language standard incorporation required, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Written driver's examinations and the driver's manual plain language standard incorporation required, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Pension finance bill.. Description: Pension finance bill.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Parenting time and spousal maintenance provisions modified, antenuptial and postnuptial agreements governing provisions modified and updated, assisted reproduction rights and responsibilities established, and revisor of statutes directed to update terms used in statute.. Description: Parenting time and spousal maintenance provisions modified, antenuptial and postnuptial agreements governing provisions modified and updated, assisted reproduction rights and responsibilities established, and revisor of statutes directed to update terms used in statute.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Claims against the state; settlement of certain claims provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Claims against the state; settlement of certain claims provided, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Public safety; military veteran sentencing report required.. Description: Public safety; military veteran sentencing report required.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Uniform Public Expression Protection Act proposed for adoption by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws enacted.. Description: Uniform Public Expression Protection Act proposed for adoption by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws enacted.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Nursing facility workforce incentive program, nursing facility payments, and nursing facility temporary rate add-on provided; partial reimbursement to hospitals provided for qualifying avoidable patient days; and money appropriated.. Description: Nursing facility workforce incentive program, nursing facility payments, and nursing facility temporary rate add-on provided; partial reimbursement to hospitals provided for qualifying avoidable patient days; and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Digital image use allowed as proof of possession of passes and licenses, and electronic device use provided to display documents.. Description: Digital image use allowed as proof of possession of passes and licenses, and electronic device use provided to display documents.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Environment and natural resources trust fund; previous appropriations modified, and money appropriated.. Description: Environment and natural resources trust fund; previous appropriations modified, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Plymouth; Michael Gau Memorial Bridge over U.S. Highway 169 on Hennepin County State-Aid Highway 9 designated.. Description: Plymouth; Michael Gau Memorial Bridge over U.S. Highway 169 on Hennepin County State-Aid Highway 9 designated.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: State and local government supplemental budget bill.. Description: State and local government supplemental budget bill.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Transportation policy bill.. Description: Transportation policy bill.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Failure to disclose mandatory fees in advertising added as a deceptive trade practice.. Description: Failure to disclose mandatory fees in advertising added as a deceptive trade practice.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Adjutant general powers expanded, veterans home provisions modified, armories provisions modified, veterans policy provisions amended, and veterans Meals on Wheels program grant availability extended.. Description: Adjutant general powers expanded, veterans home provisions modified, armories provisions modified, veterans policy provisions amended, and veterans Meals on Wheels program grant availability extended.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Opportunities to protect native prairie expanded.. Description: Opportunities to protect native prairie expanded.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minors appearing in Internet content creation provided compensation.. Description: Minors appearing in Internet content creation provided compensation.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: School Resource Officers; public safety provided, grounds for use of reasonable force in schools modified, school resource officer duties defined and minimum training requirements established, school resource officer model policy development required, and money appropriated.. Description: School Resource Officers; public safety provided, grounds for use of reasonable force in schools modified, school resource officer duties defined and minimum training requirements established, school resource officer model policy development required, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: State land transfer fee provisions modified, land added to state parks, state land sales and conveyances authorized, Upper Sioux Agency State Park deauthorized, and money appropriated.. Description: State land transfer fee provisions modified, land added to state parks, state land sales and conveyances authorized, Upper Sioux Agency State Park deauthorized, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Age range conformed for hiring a minor to engage in prostitution.. Description: Age range conformed for hiring a minor to engage in prostitution.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Application of abnormal market disruption and unconscionably excessive price prohibition changed.. Description: Application of abnormal market disruption and unconscionably excessive price prohibition changed.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Assisted reproduction rights and responsibilities updated, surrogacy agreement requirements created, and recordkeeping and information sharing provided for genetic donation.. Description: Assisted reproduction rights and responsibilities updated, surrogacy agreement requirements created, and recordkeeping and information sharing provided for genetic donation.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus higher education policy and finance bill. Description: Omnibus higher education policy and finance bill
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: In rem jurisdiction clarified for judicial proceedings.. Description: In rem jurisdiction clarified for judicial proceedings.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Forecasted Metro Mobility funding clarifications provided, education forecast adjustments effective date provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Forecasted Metro Mobility funding clarifications provided, education forecast adjustments effective date provided, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Public safety; policy and technical changes made to provisions including crime victim policy, criminal justice reform, public safety policy, predatory offenders, and corrections policy; crimes established; penalties provided; data classified; and reports required.. Description: Public safety; policy and technical changes made to provisions including crime victim policy, criminal justice reform, public safety policy, predatory offenders, and corrections policy; crimes established; penalties provided; data classified; and reports required.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Capital projects previous appropriations amended, and report submission date changed.. Description: Capital projects previous appropriations amended, and report submission date changed.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Department of Children, Youth, and Families statutory infrastructure created; and statutes moved and copied.. Description: Department of Children, Youth, and Families statutory infrastructure created; and statutes moved and copied.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Felony offense established for reporting a fictitious emergency and directing the emergency response to the home of other individuals, and conforming change made.. Description: Felony offense established for reporting a fictitious emergency and directing the emergency response to the home of other individuals, and conforming change made.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Corporate franchise tax provisions modified, and effective date modified of a reduction in the limitation on the deductibility of net operating losses.. Description: Corporate franchise tax provisions modified, and effective date modified of a reduction in the limitation on the deductibility of net operating losses.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Housing cooperatives; organization and operation provided for seniors, low and moderate income people, and limited equity cooperatives and leasing cooperatives for designated members.. Description: Housing cooperatives; organization and operation provided for seniors, low and moderate income people, and limited equity cooperatives and leasing cooperatives for designated members.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Uniform Commercial Code amendments adopted to accommodate emerging technologies.. Description: Uniform Commercial Code amendments adopted to accommodate emerging technologies.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Judiciary provisions policy and technical changes made, including data practices, family law, judiciary policy, guardianships, public defense, and civil law; data classified; and crimes established.. Description: Judiciary provisions policy and technical changes made, including data practices, family law, judiciary policy, guardianships, public defense, and civil law; data classified; and crimes established.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Environment and natural resources supplemental budget bill.. Description: Environment and natural resources supplemental budget bill.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Property insurance provided for grantee beneficiaries of transfer on death deeds; and technical, clarifying, and conforming changes made to transfer on death deeds.. Description: Property insurance provided for grantee beneficiaries of transfer on death deeds; and technical, clarifying, and conforming changes made to transfer on death deeds.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Transfer of duties from Department of Human Services to Department of Direct Care and Treatment implemented; general executive board duties, powers, rulemaking authority, and administrative service contracting established; and conforming changes made.. Description: Transfer of duties from Department of Human Services to Department of Direct Care and Treatment implemented; general executive board duties, powers, rulemaking authority, and administrative service contracting established; and conforming changes made.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Higher education policy and finance bill.. Description: Higher education policy and finance bill.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Human rights law provided, and civil penalties and other remedies provided.. Description: Human rights law provided, and civil penalties and other remedies provided.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Outdoor heritage legacy finance bill.. Description: Outdoor heritage legacy finance bill.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Early learning programs modified.. Description: Early learning programs modified.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Transfer care specialist registration established, behavior analysts licensure established, veterinary technician and veterinary institutional license established, veterinary supervision provisions modified, specialty dentist licensure and dental assistant licensure modified, physician assistant additional collaboration requirements removed, social worker provisional licensure modified, guest licensure established for marriage and family therapists, pharmacy provisions modified, and money appropriated.. Description: Transfer care specialist registration established, behavior analysts licensure established, veterinary technician and veterinary institutional license established, veterinary supervision provisions modified, specialty dentist licensure and dental assistant licensure modified, physician assistant additional collaboration requirements removed, social worker provisional licensure modified, guest licensure established for marriage and family therapists, pharmacy provisions modified, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Firearm safe storage standards established and criminal penalties provided for failing to meet those standards, and money appropriated.. Description: Firearm safe storage standards established and criminal penalties provided for failing to meet those standards, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Compensation plans ratified.. Description: Compensation plans ratified.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Veterans; veteran's preference provisions modified, state benefits prohibited when veterans and former service members forfeit federal benefits, veterans home administrators oversight modified, and new state veterans cemetery planning required.. Description: Veterans; veteran's preference provisions modified, state benefits prohibited when veterans and former service members forfeit federal benefits, veterans home administrators oversight modified, and new state veterans cemetery planning required.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Elections, campaign finance, and secretary of state funding provided and policy modified; voting rights act cost sharing account established; transfers and appropriations modified; and money appropriated.. Description: Elections, campaign finance, and secretary of state funding provided and policy modified; voting rights act cost sharing account established; transfers and appropriations modified; and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Civil legal service and volunteer attorney clients allowed to proceed without prepayment of fees, costs, and security for costs.. Description: Civil legal service and volunteer attorney clients allowed to proceed without prepayment of fees, costs, and security for costs.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Miscellaneous technical corrections made to laws and statutes; erroneous, obsolete, and omitted text and references corrected; and redundant, conflicting, and superseded provisions removed.. Description: Miscellaneous technical corrections made to laws and statutes; erroneous, obsolete, and omitted text and references corrected; and redundant, conflicting, and superseded provisions removed.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Education finance forecast adjustments made, and money appropriated.. Description: Education finance forecast adjustments made, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Workers' compensation; policy and technical changes made to coverage and hearings, and Workers' Compensation Court of Appeals related provisions modified.. Description: Workers' compensation; policy and technical changes made to coverage and hearings, and Workers' Compensation Court of Appeals related provisions modified.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Office of Emergency Medical Services established to replace Emergency Medical Services Regulatory Board, duties specified and transferred, advisory council established, alternative EMS response model pilot program established, conforming changes made, provisions modified relating to ambulance service personnel and emergency medical responders, emergency ambulance service aid provided, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Office of Emergency Medical Services established to replace Emergency Medical Services Regulatory Board, duties specified and transferred, advisory council established, alternative EMS response model pilot program established, conforming changes made, provisions modified relating to ambulance service personnel and emergency medical responders, emergency ambulance service aid provided, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: General fund surplus dollars required to be allocated to the disaster assistance contingency account.. Description: General fund surplus dollars required to be allocated to the disaster assistance contingency account.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Cannabis; Office of Cannabis Management and the Department of Health appropriations modified, cannabis provisions modified, Department of Commerce assessed fees modified, consumer protection provisions added and modified, Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act established, rulemaking authorized, data classified, technical changes made, reports required, and money appropriated.. Description: Cannabis; Office of Cannabis Management and the Department of Health appropriations modified, cannabis provisions modified, Department of Commerce assessed fees modified, consumer protection provisions added and modified, Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act established, rulemaking authorized, data classified, technical changes made, reports required, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Elections policy and finance bill.. Description: Elections policy and finance bill.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Joint Committee on Library of Congress of United States Congress requested to approve replacement of statue of Henry Mower Rice now on display in National Statuary Hall in the United States Capitol, and memorial resolution proposed.. Description: Joint Committee on Library of Congress of United States Congress requested to approve replacement of statue of Henry Mower Rice now on display in National Statuary Hall in the United States Capitol, and memorial resolution proposed.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Human services forecast adjustments made, and money appropriated.. Description: Human services forecast adjustments made, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Pensions supplemental budget bill.. Description: Pensions supplemental budget bill.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Judiciary, public safety, and corrections supplemental budget bill.. Description: Judiciary, public safety, and corrections supplemental budget bill.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Education supplemental budget bill.. Description: Education supplemental budget bill.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Tax-forfeited lands settlement account established, money transferred, reports required, and money appropriated.. Description: Tax-forfeited lands settlement account established, money transferred, reports required, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Taxation and state government operations; various provisions modified, and money appropriated.. Description: Taxation and state government operations; various provisions modified, and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Higher education; funding and related policy changes provided to bonding, licensure, and grant provisions; fees established; and money appropriated.. Description: Higher education; funding and related policy changes provided to bonding, licensure, and grant provisions; fees established; and money appropriated.
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Minnesota Paid Leave Law; paid leave provisions modified.. Description: Minnesota Paid Leave Law; paid leave provisions modified.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Skilled and trained contractor workforce use at petroleum refineries authorization. Description: Skilled and trained contractor workforce use at petroleum refineries authorization
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Juneteenth (June 19) state holiday recognition. Description: Juneteenth (June 19) state holiday recognition
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Registration, transfer, and operation of snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles and off-highway motorcycles modernization. Description: Registration, transfer, and operation of snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles and off-highway motorcycles modernization
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Office of the Attorney General funding to provide legal services for enhanced criminal enforcement and related initiatives, and money appropriated. Description: Office of the Attorney General funding to provide legal services for enhanced criminal enforcement and related initiatives, and money appropriated
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Constitutional amendment providing for equality under the law. Description: Constitutional amendment providing for equality under the law
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Iron ore mining and related industry additional unemployment benefits program establishment. Description: Iron ore mining and related industry additional unemployment benefits program establishment
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minnesota Indian Family Preservation Act modifications. Description: Minnesota Indian Family Preservation Act modifications
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minnesota African American Family Preservation Act. Description: Minnesota African American Family Preservation Act
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Public employee definition exclusions modifications. Description: Public employee definition exclusions modifications
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus Education policy bill. Description: Omnibus Education policy bill
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus transportation policy bill. Description: Omnibus transportation policy bill
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus Elections policy bill. Description: Omnibus Elections policy bill
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Nurse and Patient Safety Act. Description: Nurse and Patient Safety Act
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Office of Administrative Hearings deficiency funding authorization and appropriation. Description: Office of Administrative Hearings deficiency funding authorization and appropriation
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Agriculture, Broadband and Rural Development appropriations. Description: Omnibus Agriculture, Broadband and Rural Development appropriations
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Department of Health policy provisions modification. Description: Department of Health policy provisions modification
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Historical horse racing prohibition. Description: Historical horse racing prohibition
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Commissioner of human services public health emergency transition procedures establishment; continuous medical assistance eligibility for children establishment; state-funded cost-sharing reduction program establishment; appropriating money. Description: Commissioner of human services public health emergency transition procedures establishment; continuous medical assistance eligibility for children establishment; state-funded cost-sharing reduction program establishment; appropriating money
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Economic Development policy bill. Description: Omnibus Economic Development policy bill
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Commerce appropriations. Description: Omnibus Commerce appropriations
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Department of Human Services policy provisions modification. Description: Department of Human Services policy provisions modification
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Environment policy bill. Description: Omnibus Environment policy bill
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Health appropriations. Description: Omnibus Health appropriations
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Jobs, Economic Development, Labor, and Industry appropriations. Description: Omnibus Jobs, Economic Development, Labor, and Industry appropriations
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Public employees insurance program modification, Minnesota insurance pool committee creation, and appropriation. Description: Public employees insurance program modification, Minnesota insurance pool committee creation, and appropriation
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Miscellaneous oversights, inconsistencies, ambiguities, unintended results, and technical errors corrected. Description: Miscellaneous oversights, inconsistencies, ambiguities, unintended results, and technical errors corrected
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Residential housing tenant and landlord provisions modifications. Description: Residential housing tenant and landlord provisions modifications
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Licensed traditional midwife authority to obtain, possess, and administer certain drugs, supplies, and devices clarification. Description: Licensed traditional midwife authority to obtain, possess, and administer certain drugs, supplies, and devices clarification
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Education policy bill. Description: Omnibus Education policy bill
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus Environment policy bill. Description: Omnibus Environment policy bill
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Labor and Industry policy bill. Description: Omnibus Labor and Industry policy bill
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Designating a portion of marked U.S. Highway 169 between Marble and Mountain Iron as "Senator David J. Tomassoni Memorial Cross Range Expressway". Description: Designating a portion of marked U.S. Highway 169 between Marble and Mountain Iron as "Senator David J. Tomassoni Memorial Cross Range Expressway"
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus Jobs and Economic Development policy bill. Description: Omnibus Jobs and Economic Development policy bill
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Commerce policy bill. Description: Omnibus Commerce policy bill
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus Capital Investment appropriations. Description: Omnibus Capital Investment appropriations
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Human Services policy bill. Description: Omnibus Human Services policy bill
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Single-metered utility service in residential buildings regulations and provisions modifications. Description: Single-metered utility service in residential buildings regulations and provisions modifications
In 2024, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus Health and Human Services supplemental appropriations and policy provisions. Description: Omnibus Health and Human Services supplemental appropriations and policy provisions
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Agriculture, Commerce, Energy, Utilities, Environment and Climate supplemental appropriations. Description: Omnibus Agriculture, Commerce, Energy, Utilities, Environment and Climate supplemental appropriations
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Jobs, Economic Development, supplemental appropriations. Description: Omnibus Jobs, Economic Development, supplemental appropriations
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Human Services supplemental appropriations. Description: Omnibus Human Services supplemental appropriations
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader. Description: Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars; providing for the payment of expenses. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars; providing for the payment of expenses
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution naming a president pro tem. Description: A Senate resolution naming a president pro tem
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to notify the Governor the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to notify the Governor the Senate is organized
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is organized
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to rules; adopting temporary rules for the 93rd session of the Legislature. Description: A Senate resolution relating to rules; adopting temporary rules for the 93rd session of the Legislature
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to standing committees. Description: A Senate resolution relating to standing committees
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the schedule of standing committee meetings. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the schedule of standing committee meetings
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to postage. Description: A Senate resolution relating to postage
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to mileage; setting the miles traveled by members of the Senate in going to and returning from the Capitol. Description: A Senate resolution relating to mileage; setting the miles traveled by members of the Senate in going to and returning from the Capitol
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate. Description: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to escort the Governor to the House Chamber for a Joint Convention. Description: A Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to escort the Governor to the House Chamber for a Joint Convention
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service. Description: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions. Description: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader. Description: A Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars; providing for the payment of expenses. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars; providing for the payment of expenses
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to postage. Description: A Senate resolution relating to postage
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service. Description: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their dedicated service. Description: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their dedicated service
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution commemorating the lives and work of deceased Senators. Description: A Senate resolution commemorating the lives and work of deceased Senators
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions. Description: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A House concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days.. Description: A House concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days.
In 2023, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: A House concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the House of Representatives and Senate until Monday, February 12, 2024, at 12:00 noon.. Description: A House concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the House of Representatives and Senate until Monday, February 12, 2024, at 12:00 noon.
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to the adoption of temporary joint rules. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to the adoption of temporary joint rules
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2023 regular session. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2023 regular session
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days
In 2023, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the House of Representatives and Senate until 2024. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the House of Representatives and Senate until 2024
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2024 regular session. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2024 regular session
In 2024, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Earned sick and safe time provided, rulemaking authorized, civil penalties imposed, reports required, and money appropriated.. Description: Earned sick and safe time provided, rulemaking authorized, civil penalties imposed, reports required, and money appropriated.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Rehire and retention protections provided for laid-off workers during a declared emergency, civil penalties imposed, and money appropriated.. Description: Rehire and retention protections provided for laid-off workers during a declared emergency, civil penalties imposed, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Earned sick and safe time provided, report required, rulemaking authorized, and money appropriated.. Description: Earned sick and safe time provided, report required, rulemaking authorized, and money appropriated.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Dry cleaner environmental response and reimbursement account expenditures prioritized, perchloroethylene banned, prior appropriation canceled, cost-share program and environmental response cost funding provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Dry cleaner environmental response and reimbursement account expenditures prioritized, perchloroethylene banned, prior appropriation canceled, cost-share program and environmental response cost funding provided, and money appropriated.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Automatic sprinkler system installation required in existing high-rise buildings, and rulemaking authorized.. Description: Automatic sprinkler system installation required in existing high-rise buildings, and rulemaking authorized.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19; statutory deadlines imposed upon judicial proceedings during a peacetime emergency expiration suspended.. Description: COVID-19; statutory deadlines imposed upon judicial proceedings during a peacetime emergency expiration suspended.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Energy Conservation and Optimization Act of 2021 established.. Description: Energy Conservation and Optimization Act of 2021 established.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Child maltreatment mandatory reporters expanded.. Description: Child maltreatment mandatory reporters expanded.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Reverse mortgage loan notices required.. Description: Reverse mortgage loan notices required.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Employers prohibited from inquiring about past pay.. Description: Employers prohibited from inquiring about past pay.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Minnesota Department of Information Technology Services chapter 16E statute technical and conforming changes made.. Description: Minnesota Department of Information Technology Services chapter 16E statute technical and conforming changes made.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Life insurers prohibited from using opiate antagonist prescription when making life insurance policy determinations.. Description: Life insurers prohibited from using opiate antagonist prescription when making life insurance policy determinations.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Public safety; funding provided for costs related to civil unrest, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Public safety; funding provided for costs related to civil unrest, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Sports betting provided for and authorized, licenses established, local restrictions prohibited, sports betting taxation provided, civil and criminal penalties provided, amateur sports grants provided, reports required, and money appropriated.. Description: Sports betting provided for and authorized, licenses established, local restrictions prohibited, sports betting taxation provided, civil and criminal penalties provided, amateur sports grants provided, reports required, and money appropriated.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Identity theft crime technical change made.. Description: Identity theft crime technical change made.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Open Meeting Law; recording votes and interactive technology provided, meetings provided for during emergencies, and member of public body allowed to attend a meeting from a private location more than three times in calendar year 2021.. Description: Open Meeting Law; recording votes and interactive technology provided, meetings provided for during emergencies, and member of public body allowed to attend a meeting from a private location more than three times in calendar year 2021.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Price gouging prohibited, and penalties prescribed.. Description: Price gouging prohibited, and penalties prescribed.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Supervisory law enforcement unit added.. Description: Supervisory law enforcement unit added.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus tax bill.. Description: Omnibus tax bill.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19; education impacted by pandemic provided, federal funds provided for educational uses, and money appropriated.. Description: COVID-19; education impacted by pandemic provided, federal funds provided for educational uses, and money appropriated.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus education finance bill.. Description: Omnibus education finance bill.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus housing finance and policy bill.. Description: Omnibus housing finance and policy bill.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19; 2022 Workers' Compensation Advisory Council recommendations adopted, and workers' compensation eligibility presumption extended.. Description: COVID-19; 2022 Workers' Compensation Advisory Council recommendations adopted, and workers' compensation eligibility presumption extended.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Minnesota Human Rights Act; definition of race added, including but not limited to hair textures and styles.. Description: Minnesota Human Rights Act; definition of race added, including but not limited to hair textures and styles.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19; medical assistance reimbursement rate increased for administration of vaccine.. Description: COVID-19; medical assistance reimbursement rate increased for administration of vaccine.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minnesota Code of Military Justice modified, data provision changes made, requirements and qualifications modified, jurisdictional and appellate changes made, punitive article updates provided, punishable offenses provided, and penalties provided.. Description: Minnesota Code of Military Justice modified, data provision changes made, requirements and qualifications modified, jurisdictional and appellate changes made, punitive article updates provided, punishable offenses provided, and penalties provided.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus transportation finance bill.. Description: Omnibus transportation finance bill.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Organ or bone marrow donor discrimination prohibited by insurers.. Description: Organ or bone marrow donor discrimination prohibited by insurers.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Insurance Data Security Law established.. Description: Insurance Data Security Law established.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Duluth Entertainment and Convention Center enacting language modified.. Description: Duluth Entertainment and Convention Center enacting language modified.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus state government finance bill.. Description: Omnibus state government finance bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus health and human services policy and finance bill.. Description: Omnibus health and human services policy and finance bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation Advisory Council recommendations adopted.. Description: Workers' Compensation Advisory Council recommendations adopted.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Education data provisions modified, and education support service data classified.. Description: Education data provisions modified, and education support service data classified.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Uniform Registration of Canadian Money Judgements Act enacted by the adoption and recommendation for passage by National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws.. Description: Uniform Registration of Canadian Money Judgements Act enacted by the adoption and recommendation for passage by National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Department of Corrections claim settlement provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Department of Corrections claim settlement provided, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Mora; Public Utilities Commission membership increase permitted.. Description: Mora; Public Utilities Commission membership increase permitted.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Sign and release warrant proceedings provided.. Description: Sign and release warrant proceedings provided.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Emancipated minors permitted to seek harassment restraining orders on their own behalf.. Description: Emancipated minors permitted to seek harassment restraining orders on their own behalf.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Statutory procedure established to assess the competency of a defendant to stand trial, providing for contested hearings, continuing supervision established for defendants found incompetent to stand trial, requirements established to restore defendants to competency, providing for the administration of medication, forensic navigators established, forensic navigators required to provide services to defendants, dismissal plans established for defendants found incompetent to stand trial, providing for jail-based competency restoration programs, State Competency Restoration Board and certification advisory committee established, mental health provisions created and modified, temporary medical permits created, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Statutory procedure established to assess the competency of a defendant to stand trial, providing for contested hearings, continuing supervision established for defendants found incompetent to stand trial, requirements established to restore defendants to competency, providing for the administration of medication, forensic navigators established, forensic navigators required to provide services to defendants, dismissal plans established for defendants found incompetent to stand trial, providing for jail-based competency restoration programs, State Competency Restoration Board and certification advisory committee established, mental health provisions created and modified, temporary medical permits created, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Hometown Heroes Act assistance program eligibility clarified, and fund transfer provided.. Description: Hometown Heroes Act assistance program eligibility clarified, and fund transfer provided.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Warehouse distribution worker safety requirements established, and money appropriated.. Description: Warehouse distribution worker safety requirements established, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Snowmobile and off-highway vehicle provision violation civil penalties increased.. Description: Snowmobile and off-highway vehicle provision violation civil penalties increased.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Real property; title provision technical, clarifying, and conforming changes made.. Description: Real property; title provision technical, clarifying, and conforming changes made.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Prairie Island Net Zero project modified, grant established, and money appropriated.. Description: Prairie Island Net Zero project modified, grant established, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19; frontline worker payments authorized, data classified, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: COVID-19; frontline worker payments authorized, data classified, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Certified public accountant reinstatement provision modified, and procedures relating to automatic certificate revocation repealed.. Description: Certified public accountant reinstatement provision modified, and procedures relating to automatic certificate revocation repealed.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: City and county criminal history checks modified.. Description: City and county criminal history checks modified.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Armed forces discharge certificates allowed to be recorded with the county recorder without a fee.. Description: Armed forces discharge certificates allowed to be recorded with the county recorder without a fee.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minnesota Sentencing Guidelines Commission staff transition to classified service provided.. Description: Minnesota Sentencing Guidelines Commission staff transition to classified service provided.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Southwest light rail transit project special review or program evaluation required by legislative auditor, and money appropriated.. Description: Southwest light rail transit project special review or program evaluation required by legislative auditor, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Township planning and zoning authority clarified.. Description: Township planning and zoning authority clarified.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Local road improvement program advisory committee membership amended.. Description: Local road improvement program advisory committee membership amended.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Individuals who seek mental or behavioral health assistance or who contact the Minnesota Farm and Rural Helpline data protected, and money appropriated for avian influenza.. Description: Individuals who seek mental or behavioral health assistance or who contact the Minnesota Farm and Rural Helpline data protected, and money appropriated for avian influenza.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Secretary of state governing or administrative provisions modified.. Description: Secretary of state governing or administrative provisions modified.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Prohibited contract terms regarding choice of venue clarified.. Description: Prohibited contract terms regarding choice of venue clarified.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Commerce Department supplemental budget established; insurance, financial institutions, and other entities governing provisions added and modified; technical changes made to various provisions; references to federal law updated; reports required; and money appropriated.. Description: Commerce Department supplemental budget established; insurance, financial institutions, and other entities governing provisions added and modified; technical changes made to various provisions; references to federal law updated; reports required; and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: County land sales online process authorized, and notice procedures modified for land sales.. Description: County land sales online process authorized, and notice procedures modified for land sales.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Motor vehicle title and disclosure various governing requirements amended, and technical and clarifying changes made.. Description: Motor vehicle title and disclosure various governing requirements amended, and technical and clarifying changes made.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Labor agreement and compensation plans ratified, and memorandums of understanding ratified.. Description: Labor agreement and compensation plans ratified, and memorandums of understanding ratified.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Military reenlistment and commissioning bonus program provision changed.. Description: Military reenlistment and commissioning bonus program provision changed.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: A house resolution memorializing Congress to name the South St. Paul Post Office in honor of Officer Leo Pavlak.. Description: A house resolution memorializing Congress to name the South St. Paul Post Office in honor of Officer Leo Pavlak.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Fraudulent business filings regulation provided.. Description: Fraudulent business filings regulation provided.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Drought relief funding provided, cooperative grants established for farmers, farm down payment assistance grants established, soil health financial assistance pilot program established, policy and technical changes made to agricultural provisions, previous appropriations modified, broadband line extension program established, lower population density pilot program established, reports required, and money appropriated.. Description: Drought relief funding provided, cooperative grants established for farmers, farm down payment assistance grants established, soil health financial assistance pilot program established, policy and technical changes made to agricultural provisions, previous appropriations modified, broadband line extension program established, lower population density pilot program established, reports required, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus legacy bill.. Description: Omnibus legacy bill.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Horse racing breeder fund use provided.. Description: Horse racing breeder fund use provided.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Licensed residential building contractor allowed to receive installation seal for used manufactured home installation, and clarifying that used manufactured home may bear a label or data plate.. Description: Licensed residential building contractor allowed to receive installation seal for used manufactured home installation, and clarifying that used manufactured home may bear a label or data plate.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus tax bill.. Description: Omnibus tax bill.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Qualified newspaper requirements expanded relating to local government notices.. Description: Qualified newspaper requirements expanded relating to local government notices.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Environment and natural resources trust fund funding provided, extensions and transfers provided, requirements modified for expending trust fund money, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Environment and natural resources trust fund funding provided, extensions and transfers provided, requirements modified for expending trust fund money, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Transfer of structured settlement payment rights process and approval amended, structured settlement purchase companies required to register and provide a surety bond, disclosures to payees required, certain practices prohibited, enforcement of prohibited practices and judicial sanctions authorized, judicial consideration of best interest factors required, attorney evaluator appointment authorized, and money appropriated.. Description: Transfer of structured settlement payment rights process and approval amended, structured settlement purchase companies required to register and provide a surety bond, disclosures to payees required, certain practices prohibited, enforcement of prohibited practices and judicial sanctions authorized, judicial consideration of best interest factors required, attorney evaluator appointment authorized, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Franchise registration filing modified.. Description: Franchise registration filing modified.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Bloomington Housing and Redevelopment Authority statutory authority clarified.. Description: Bloomington Housing and Redevelopment Authority statutory authority clarified.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Capitol Area Security Advisory Committee sunset date extended.. Description: Capitol Area Security Advisory Committee sunset date extended.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Office of the Foster Youth Ombudsperson and Board of the Foster Youth Ombudsperson established, and money appropriated.. Description: Office of the Foster Youth Ombudsperson and Board of the Foster Youth Ombudsperson established, and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus higher education finance and policy bill.. Description: Omnibus higher education finance and policy bill.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Private detective license requirements modified.. Description: Private detective license requirements modified.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Physician assistants added to statutes, and references to advanced practice registered nurses modified.. Description: Physician assistants added to statutes, and references to advanced practice registered nurses modified.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Bullion coin and bullion product dealer governing provisions modified.. Description: Bullion coin and bullion product dealer governing provisions modified.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Health Department, health care, health-related licensing boards, health insurance, community supports, behavioral health, continuing care for older adults, child and vulnerable adult protection, economic assistance, direct care and treatment, preventing homelessness, human services licensing and operations, the Minnesota rare Disease Advisory Council, nonintoxicating hemp regulation, organ donation regulation, mandated reports, and long-term care consultation services governing provisions modified; forecast adjustments made; reports required; and money appropriated.. Description: Health Department, health care, health-related licensing boards, health insurance, community supports, behavioral health, continuing care for older adults, child and vulnerable adult protection, economic assistance, direct care and treatment, preventing homelessness, human services licensing and operations, the Minnesota rare Disease Advisory Council, nonintoxicating hemp regulation, organ donation regulation, mandated reports, and long-term care consultation services governing provisions modified; forecast adjustments made; reports required; and money appropriated.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Russia and Belarus investment divestment required, contracts with Russian and Belarussian entities terminated, and report required.. Description: Russia and Belarus investment divestment required, contracts with Russian and Belarussian entities terminated, and report required.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Hennepin Board of County Commissioners permitted to set reasonable allowances for expenses or a per diem allowance for members of boards or agencies.. Description: Hennepin Board of County Commissioners permitted to set reasonable allowances for expenses or a per diem allowance for members of boards or agencies.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus state government finance bill.. Description: Omnibus state government finance bill.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus education finance bill.. Description: Omnibus education finance bill.
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus agriculture and housing bill.. Description: Omnibus agriculture and housing bill.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Miscellaneous technical corrections made to laws and statutes; erroneous, obsolete, and omitted text and references corrected; and redundant, conflicting, and superseded provisions removed.. Description: Miscellaneous technical corrections made to laws and statutes; erroneous, obsolete, and omitted text and references corrected; and redundant, conflicting, and superseded provisions removed.
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Claims against the state; providing for the settlement of exoneration awards, and money appropriated.. Description: Claims against the state; providing for the settlement of exoneration awards, and money appropriated.
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Continued operation of businesses during the COVID-19 pandemic with the use of a COVID-19 safety plan authorization. Description: Continued operation of businesses during the COVID-19 pandemic with the use of a COVID-19 safety plan authorization
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Peacetime emergency authority elimination of governor's authority to use peacetime emergency restrictions on schools authorization. Description: Peacetime emergency authority elimination of governor's authority to use peacetime emergency restrictions on schools authorization
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Governor's peacetime emergency declaration legislative approval extension and duration limitation requirement. Description: Governor's peacetime emergency declaration legislative approval extension and duration limitation requirement
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Marriage applications in-person waiver requirement extension. Description: Marriage applications in-person waiver requirement extension
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Lottery prize winner data classification; second chance drawings establishment. Description: Lottery prize winner data classification; second chance drawings establishment
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Election voter registration photo ID requirement; voter identification care creation; provisional ballots establishment; appropriations. Description: Election voter registration photo ID requirement; voter identification care creation; provisional ballots establishment; appropriations
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Unemployment insurance benefits paid for COVID-19 tax experience rating computation use restriction for employers; unemployment insurance employer experience rating temporary change. Description: Unemployment insurance benefits paid for COVID-19 tax experience rating computation use restriction for employers; unemployment insurance employer experience rating temporary change
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Psychology interjurisdictional compact (PSYPACT) creation. Description: Psychology interjurisdictional compact (PSYPACT) creation
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Plumbing code provisions definitions establishment; plumbing licensing provisions modifications. Description: Plumbing code provisions definitions establishment; plumbing licensing provisions modifications
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Uniform probate code harmless error provision sunset removal. Description: Uniform probate code harmless error provision sunset removal
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Income and corporate franchise tax federal conformity to exclusion of paycheck protection loan forgiveness from gross income; business entities option to file a C-option corporations; section 179 expensing conformity clarification; unemployment compensation deduction. Description: Income and corporate franchise tax federal conformity to exclusion of paycheck protection loan forgiveness from gross income; business entities option to file a C-option corporations; section 179 expensing conformity clarification; unemployment compensation deduction
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Confidential informants use by law enforcement policy and training requirements. Description: Confidential informants use by law enforcement policy and training requirements
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Agriculture special license plates establishment; appropriation. Description: Agriculture special license plates establishment; appropriation
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Uniform Recognition and Enforcement of Canadian Orders for Protection Act. Description: Uniform Recognition and Enforcement of Canadian Orders for Protection Act
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Natural Gas Innovation Act. Description: Natural Gas Innovation Act
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Commissioner of education academic standards review cycle suspension. Description: Commissioner of education academic standards review cycle suspension
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Real property ownership definitions clarification; record owner listed as grantee in tax-forfeited land sales requirement. Description: Real property ownership definitions clarification; record owner listed as grantee in tax-forfeited land sales requirement
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Predatory offender registration status disclosure to hospice provider requirement. Description: Predatory offender registration status disclosure to hospice provider requirement
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Dentist administration of coronavirus vaccinations authorization. Description: Dentist administration of coronavirus vaccinations authorization
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Offenders released from incarceration identification cards; commissioner of corrections requirements to provide information, services, medications, a homelessness mitigation plan, and reporting. Description: Offenders released from incarceration identification cards; commissioner of corrections requirements to provide information, services, medications, a homelessness mitigation plan, and reporting
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: State building code applicability and fire sprinkler requirements modifications for public places of accommodation. Description: State building code applicability and fire sprinkler requirements modifications for public places of accommodation
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Landlord to require a tenant to provide documentation supporting the tenant's need for a service or support animal. Description: Landlord to require a tenant to provide documentation supporting the tenant's need for a service or support animal
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: State assessments plan requirement. Description: State assessments plan requirement
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Manufactured home installers internet continuing education approval specification. Description: Manufactured home installers internet continuing education approval specification
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Department of Natural Resources data classification on individuals who are minors authorization. Description: Department of Natural Resources data classification on individuals who are minors authorization
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Minnesota premium security plan administration by the Minnesota Comprehensive Health Association requirement. Description: Minnesota premium security plan administration by the Minnesota Comprehensive Health Association requirement
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: School district fund transfer flexibility extension. Description: School district fund transfer flexibility extension
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Local government aid amounts adjustment for cities with unpaid local assistance amounts. Description: Local government aid amounts adjustment for cities with unpaid local assistance amounts
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: School district short-call substitute teachers pilot program. Description: School district short-call substitute teachers pilot program
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: County boards authorization to spend net proceeds from the sale of tax-forfeited land for certain purposes establishment. Description: County boards authorization to spend net proceeds from the sale of tax-forfeited land for certain purposes establishment
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus agriculture finance and policy bill. Description: Omnibus agriculture finance and policy bill
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus environment and natural resources policy and finance bill. Description: Omnibus environment and natural resources policy and finance bill
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus judiciary and public safety policy and finance bill. Description: Omnibus judiciary and public safety policy and finance bill
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: 2021 polar vortex loan account establishment and appropriation; sunset for recovery of gas utility infrastructure costs elimination. Description: 2021 polar vortex loan account establishment and appropriation; sunset for recovery of gas utility infrastructure costs elimination
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Continuing education sponsors and instructors regulation and exceptions; real property appraisers continuing education, evaluations, and standards of conduct modifications. Description: Continuing education sponsors and instructors regulation and exceptions; real property appraisers continuing education, evaluations, and standards of conduct modifications
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Power purchase agreement for certain electric cogeneration activities authorization. Description: Power purchase agreement for certain electric cogeneration activities authorization
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Lake City establishment of a port authority commission authorization. Description: Lake City establishment of a port authority commission authorization
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus workforce and business development finance and policy bill. Description: Omnibus workforce and business development finance and policy bill
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Minnesota Telehealth Act; task force on creating a person-centered telepresence strategy establishment. Description: Minnesota Telehealth Act; task force on creating a person-centered telepresence strategy establishment
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Background studies requirement exemption for licensed persons; appropriating money. Description: Background studies requirement exemption for licensed persons; appropriating money
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Fentanyl and heroin same weight threshold and penalty establishment. Description: Fentanyl and heroin same weight threshold and penalty establishment
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Checking account requirements modifications. Description: Checking account requirements modifications
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Pregnant and postpartum female inmates placement in community-based programs authorization. Description: Pregnant and postpartum female inmates placement in community-based programs authorization
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Law enforcement operations account and aid program to reimburse local governments for expenses incurred in responding to unplanned or extraordinary public safety events establishment; police use of deadly force enacted changes effective date delay; state-declared disasters to exclude civil disorder definition restriction; transferring and appropriating money. Description: Law enforcement operations account and aid program to reimburse local governments for expenses incurred in responding to unplanned or extraordinary public safety events establishment; police use of deadly force enacted changes effective date delay; state-declared disasters to exclude civil disorder definition restriction; transferring and appropriating money
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Debt settlement service providers regulation. Description: Debt settlement service providers regulation
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Executive Order 20-79 nullification; landlord and tenant law gubernatorial modifications prohibition; phaseout of the eviction moratorium authorization; tenants with pending rental assistance applications eviction actions prohibition. Description: Executive Order 20-79 nullification; landlord and tenant law gubernatorial modifications prohibition; phaseout of the eviction moratorium authorization; tenants with pending rental assistance applications eviction actions prohibition
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus retirement bill. Description: Omnibus retirement bill
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Towns and certain political subdivisions establishment of inflow and infiltration prevention programs and loans and grants to property owners authorization. Description: Towns and certain political subdivisions establishment of inflow and infiltration prevention programs and loans and grants to property owners authorization
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Sunset of temporary exception for certain filings of mortgages and deeds of trusts extension. Description: Sunset of temporary exception for certain filings of mortgages and deeds of trusts extension
In 2021, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Department of commerce provisions technical and reporting modifications; reinsurance credit allowance modification; insurance data security law establishment. Description: Department of commerce provisions technical and reporting modifications; reinsurance credit allowance modification; insurance data security law establishment
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Independent School District # 191; Burnsville-Eagan-Savage fund transfer authorization. Description: Independent School District # 191; Burnsville-Eagan-Savage fund transfer authorization
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Nurse Licensure Compact establishment and appropriation. Description: Nurse Licensure Compact establishment and appropriation
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Motor vehicle self-insurance for cooperatives regulation. Description: Motor vehicle self-insurance for cooperatives regulation
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Parental curriculum review provisions modifications. Description: Parental curriculum review provisions modifications
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Class syllabi for kindergarten through grade 12 classes requirement. Description: Class syllabi for kindergarten through grade 12 classes requirement
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus public safety policy and supplemental appropriations. Description: Omnibus public safety policy and supplemental appropriations
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Unemployment insurance trust fund loan repayment and replenishment; Frontline worker payments; appropriating money. Description: Unemployment insurance trust fund loan repayment and replenishment; Frontline worker payments; appropriating money
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Pharmacists administration of drugs through intramuscular and subcutaneous administration establishment; pharmacist placement of drug monitoring devices authorization. Description: Pharmacists administration of drugs through intramuscular and subcutaneous administration establishment; pharmacist placement of drug monitoring devices authorization
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: School district board meetings and charter school board meetings changes. Description: School district board meetings and charter school board meetings changes
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Juvenile court guardianship establishment for at-risk youth. Description: Juvenile court guardianship establishment for at-risk youth
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Provisions governing disability waiver rate setting realignment. Description: Provisions governing disability waiver rate setting realignment
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Promotion of importance and recruitment of peace officers appropriation; police reimbursement grants pathway provision. Description: Promotion of importance and recruitment of peace officers appropriation; police reimbursement grants pathway provision
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Reinstatement and extension of COVID-19 program waivers and modifications establishment; Commissioner of health temporary emergency authority permission to grant certain COVID waivers. Description: Reinstatement and extension of COVID-19 program waivers and modifications establishment; Commissioner of health temporary emergency authority permission to grant certain COVID waivers
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Collection agencies governing licensure and registration provisions modification; collection and maintenance of certain information regarding credit counseling services by the commissioner of commerce requirement. Description: Collection agencies governing licensure and registration provisions modification; collection and maintenance of certain information regarding credit counseling services by the commissioner of commerce requirement
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Teacher shortage reporting requirement modifications. Description: Teacher shortage reporting requirement modifications
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Retirement annuities payment during employment as a health care worker authorization. Description: Retirement annuities payment during employment as a health care worker authorization
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus Liquor Bill. Description: Omnibus Liquor Bill
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Certain rights establishment for federal home loan banks with respect to collateral pledged by insurance members. Description: Certain rights establishment for federal home loan banks with respect to collateral pledged by insurance members
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Physician and nurse licensure applications board processing procedures establishment; Board of Medical Practice issuance of temporary permits to practice as a respiratory therapist, physicians and physician assistants requirement. Description: Physician and nurse licensure applications board processing procedures establishment; Board of Medical Practice issuance of temporary permits to practice as a respiratory therapist, physicians and physician assistants requirement
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Allocation modification of sales tax revenue related to motor vehicle repair and replacement parts. Description: Allocation modification of sales tax revenue related to motor vehicle repair and replacement parts
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: School board members employed by a school district maximum earnings increase. Description: School board members employed by a school district maximum earnings increase
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Podiatrist licensure requirement modification. Description: Podiatrist licensure requirement modification
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Project addition to the hospital construction moratorium exception. Description: Project addition to the hospital construction moratorium exception
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Practice of medicine and acupuncture licensure requirements modification. Description: Practice of medicine and acupuncture licensure requirements modification
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Department enforcement powers modification. Description: Department enforcement powers modification
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Continuing education requirements for licensees provisions modifications. Description: Continuing education requirements for licensees provisions modifications
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Life insurance policies that provide coverage permission for long-term care to be authorized in certain instances. Description: Life insurance policies that provide coverage permission for long-term care to be authorized in certain instances
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis research and caregiver support programs appropriation. Description: Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis research and caregiver support programs appropriation
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minnesota premium security plan operation extension and money transfer; requiring certain additional coverage under health plans; appropriating money. Description: Minnesota premium security plan operation extension and money transfer; requiring certain additional coverage under health plans; appropriating money
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Real estate minimum damage acquisition reports, continuing education and investigations provisions modifications. Description: Real estate minimum damage acquisition reports, continuing education and investigations provisions modifications
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Pensions and retirement policy bill. Description: Pensions and retirement policy bill
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Indemnity application clarification when insurance coverage exists. Description: Indemnity application clarification when insurance coverage exists
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Certain insurers authorization to offer paid family leave insurance benefits. Description: Certain insurers authorization to offer paid family leave insurance benefits
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Opioid settlement proceeds deposit and allocation authorization. Description: Opioid settlement proceeds deposit and allocation authorization
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Provisions governing the Rare Disease Advisory Council modification. Description: Provisions governing the Rare Disease Advisory Council modification
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus environment policy and supplemental appropriations. Description: Omnibus environment policy and supplemental appropriations
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Prohibition modification on construction of new nuclear-powered electric generating plants. Description: Prohibition modification on construction of new nuclear-powered electric generating plants
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus jobs, energy and commerce policy and supplemental appropriations. Description: Omnibus jobs, energy and commerce policy and supplemental appropriations
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Annuity suitability regulation modification. Description: Annuity suitability regulation modification
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Revisor of statutes instruction to renumber statutes related to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and Minnesota food assistance program. Description: Revisor of statutes instruction to renumber statutes related to Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and Minnesota food assistance program
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Provisions governing unfair practices by motor vehicle manufacturers modification. Description: Provisions governing unfair practices by motor vehicle manufacturers modification
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Veterans and military affairs appropriations. Description: Veterans and military affairs appropriations
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Complaints permission in certain forfeiture matters to be served by certified mail. Description: Complaints permission in certain forfeiture matters to be served by certified mail
In 2022, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus health and human services policy and supplemental appropriations. Description: Omnibus health and human services policy and supplemental appropriations
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Senate District 15, 16, and 58 house of representatives district boundaries adjustment; Senate District 15 and 16 boundaries adjustment; Congressional Districts 7 and 8 boundary adjustments authorization; obsolete district boundary adjustments repeal. Description: Senate District 15, 16, and 58 house of representatives district boundaries adjustment; Senate District 15 and 16 boundaries adjustment; Congressional Districts 7 and 8 boundary adjustments authorization; obsolete district boundary adjustments repeal
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A resolution condemning violence and violent rhetoric directed at our United States Capitol and state capitols, and affirming support for democracy, rule of law, and the certified results of Minnesota's election.. Description: A resolution condemning violence and violent rhetoric directed at our United States Capitol and state capitols, and affirming support for democracy, rule of law, and the certified results of Minnesota's election.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution naming a president pro tem. Description: A Senate resolution naming a president pro tem
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader. Description: Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the schedule of standing committee meetings. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the schedule of standing committee meetings
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service. Description: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars held within this state; providing for the payment of expenses. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars held within this state; providing for the payment of expenses
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized.. Description: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to rules; adopting temporary rules for the 92nd session of the Legislature. Description: A Senate resolution relating to rules; adopting temporary rules for the 92nd session of the Legislature
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to standing committees. Description: A Senate resolution relating to standing committees
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to postage. Description: A Senate resolution relating to postage
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to mileage; setting the miles traveled by members of the Senate in going to and returning from the Capitol. Description: A Senate resolution relating to mileage; setting the miles traveled by members of the Senate in going to and returning from the Capitol
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to Temporary Rules of the Senate; modifying disclosure requirements for remote voting; amending Temporary Senate Rule 14.1. Description: A Senate resolution relating to Temporary Rules of the Senate; modifying disclosure requirements for remote voting; amending Temporary Senate Rule 14.1
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution expressing the Minnesota Senate's condemnation of the removal of the Minnesota National Guard from the St. Paul Labor Center. Description: A Senate resolution expressing the Minnesota Senate's condemnation of the removal of the Minnesota National Guard from the St. Paul Labor Center
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution recognizing May 15, 2021, as Peace Officers Memorial Day. Description: A Senate resolution recognizing May 15, 2021, as Peace Officers Memorial Day
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions. Description: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate. Description: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader. Description: A Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the schedule of standing committee meetings. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the schedule of standing committee meetings
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars; providing for the payment of expenses. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars; providing for the payment of expenses
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to postage. Description: A Senate resolution relating to postage
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to escort the Governor to the House Chamber for a Joint Convention. Description: A Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to escort the Governor to the House Chamber for a Joint Convention
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution commemorating the lives and work of deceased Senators. Description: A Senate resolution commemorating the lives and work of deceased Senators
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions. Description: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives the Senate is about to adjourn sine die. Description: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives the Senate is about to adjourn sine die
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the Governor the Senate is about to adjourn sine die. Description: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the Governor the Senate is about to adjourn sine die
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A house concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2021 regular session.. Description: A house concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2021 regular session.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to the adoption of temporary joint rules. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to the adoption of temporary joint rules
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to parking space in the capitol area for members of the Legislature and staff. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to parking space in the capitol area for members of the Legislature and staff
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives until 2022. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives until 2022
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2022 regular session. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2022 regular session
In 2022, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus education bill.. Description: Omnibus education bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus housing finance bill.. Description: Omnibus housing finance bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus commerce, climate, and energy finance bill.. Description: Omnibus commerce, climate, and energy finance bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus higher education bill.. Description: Omnibus higher education bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus agriculture bill.. Description: Omnibus agriculture bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus tax bill.. Description: Omnibus tax bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus transportation bill.. Description: Omnibus transportation bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus legacy finance bill.. Description: Omnibus legacy finance bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus health and human services bill.. Description: Omnibus health and human services bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Capital improvement projects prior appropriations modified.. Description: Capital improvement projects prior appropriations modified.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus public safety bill.. Description: Omnibus public safety bill.
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus state government finance and policy bill. Description: Omnibus state government finance and policy bill
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus jobs and economic growth finance and policy bill. Description: Omnibus jobs and economic growth finance and policy bill
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus environment and natural resources policy and finance bill. Description: Omnibus environment and natural resources policy and finance bill
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during the Special Session
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized
In 2021, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate. Description: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: 2020 Workers' Compensation Advisory Council recommendations adopted, community behavioral health clinic reimbursement requirements modified, assisted living requirement changes made, previous appropriations modified, and money appropriated.. Description: 2020 Workers' Compensation Advisory Council recommendations adopted, community behavioral health clinic reimbursement requirements modified, assisted living requirement changes made, previous appropriations modified, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19 pandemic business relief payments appropriation, regulatory fees waivers, wastewater rate stabilization appropriation; additional unemployment insurance benefits, movie theater and convention center grants, local businesses county relief grants, free and reduced-price school lunch application deadline extension. Description: COVID-19 pandemic business relief payments appropriation, regulatory fees waivers, wastewater rate stabilization appropriation; additional unemployment insurance benefits, movie theater and convention center grants, local businesses county relief grants, free and reduced-price school lunch application deadline extension
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during the Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statutes, section 12.31, subdivision 2, paragraph (b). Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statutes, section 12.31, subdivision 2, paragraph (b)
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during the Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Capital improvement spending authorized to acquire and better public land and buildings and other improvements of a capital nature, previous appropriations modified new programs established and existing program modified, previous tax policies modified, bonds issued, and money appropriated.. Description: Capital improvement spending authorized to acquire and better public land and buildings and other improvements of a capital nature, previous appropriations modified new programs established and existing program modified, previous tax policies modified, bonds issued, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Notary public; video conferencing permitted to fulfill the requirement to personally appear before a notarial officer for certain conveyances.. Description: Notary public; video conferencing permitted to fulfill the requirement to personally appear before a notarial officer for certain conveyances.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Military veteran offenders restorative justice sentence guidance to courts for criminal offenses related to service-related disorder. Description: Military veteran offenders restorative justice sentence guidance to courts for criminal offenses related to service-related disorder
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Polk county law library money transfer for technological improvements to county courthouse authorization. Description: Polk county law library money transfer for technological improvements to county courthouse authorization
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Farm loan origination fee grant program modification. Description: Farm loan origination fee grant program modification
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statues, section 12.31, subdivision 2, paragraph (b). Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statues, section 12.31, subdivision 2, paragraph (b)
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statues, section 12.31, subdivision2, paragraph (b). Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statues, section 12.31, subdivision2, paragraph (b)
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Ensuring Police Excellence and Improving Community Relations Advisory Council first meeting effective date delayed. peace officer training requirement effective dates delayed, and Peace Officer Standards and Training Board appropriation modified to permit staff hiring.. Description: Ensuring Police Excellence and Improving Community Relations Advisory Council first meeting effective date delayed. peace officer training requirement effective dates delayed, and Peace Officer Standards and Training Board appropriation modified to permit staff hiring.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Human services customized living quality improvement grants modification; COVID-19 peacetime emergency modifications extension to economic assistance program application requirements; retention and public health grants establishment; appropriation. Description: Human services customized living quality improvement grants modification; COVID-19 peacetime emergency modifications extension to economic assistance program application requirements; retention and public health grants establishment; appropriation
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the organization and operation of the Senate during the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the organization and operation of the Senate during the Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statutes, section 12.31, subdivision 2, paragraph (b). Description: Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statutes, section 12.31, subdivision 2, paragraph (b)
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Public safety; various provision modified including a law enforcement citizen oversight council establishment required, data collection and analysis on peace officer complaints created, Police-Community Relations Council established, peace officer duty to report excessive force incidents established, and money appropriated.. Description: Public safety; various provision modified including a law enforcement citizen oversight council establishment required, data collection and analysis on peace officer complaints created, Police-Community Relations Council established, peace officer duty to report excessive force incidents established, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Dental providers one-time medical assistance (MA) payment for personal protection equipment (PPE) used during COVID pandemic appropriation. Description: Dental providers one-time medical assistance (MA) payment for personal protection equipment (PPE) used during COVID pandemic appropriation
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Driver's license knowledge testing online implementation requirement; driver exam no-show fee imposition; driving schools exam slots reservation prohibition; road testing backlog report requirement. Description: Driver's license knowledge testing online implementation requirement; driver exam no-show fee imposition; driving schools exam slots reservation prohibition; road testing backlog report requirement
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Disability service providers retention grants establishment; customized living quality improvement grants modification; COVID-19 peacetime emergency modification to economic assistance program application requirements extension; appropriation. Description: Disability service providers retention grants establishment; customized living quality improvement grants modification; COVID-19 peacetime emergency modification to economic assistance program application requirements extension; appropriation
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A resolution declaring racism a public health crisis.. Description: A resolution declaring racism a public health crisis.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution urging the Governor to exclude public schools from any further executive orders issued subject to the emergency powers in Minnesota Statutes, chapter 12. Description: A Senate resolution urging the Governor to exclude public schools from any further executive orders issued subject to the emergency powers in Minnesota Statutes, chapter 12
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statutes, section 12.31, subdivision 2, paragraph (b). Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statutes, section 12.31, subdivision 2, paragraph (b)
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives until the public interest warrants reconvening. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to the adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives until the public interest warrants reconvening
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19; emergency small business grants and loan funding provided, Minnesota 21st century mineral fund reimbursed, budget reserve forecast calculation adjusted, small business loan repayment receiving fund changed, and technical changes made.. Description: COVID-19; emergency small business grants and loan funding provided, Minnesota 21st century mineral fund reimbursed, budget reserve forecast calculation adjusted, small business loan repayment receiving fund changed, and technical changes made.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Human services; various provisions modified relating to child care, custody, support, foster care, disability services, community supports, civil commitment, maltreatment of minors, child protection, and child support; and various other provisions changed and modified.. Description: Human services; various provisions modified relating to child care, custody, support, foster care, disability services, community supports, civil commitment, maltreatment of minors, child protection, and child support; and various other provisions changed and modified.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Pre-K through grade 12 education policy changes made including general education, education excellence, teacher licensing, health and safety, special education, and early childhood education; and report changes made.. Description: Pre-K through grade 12 education policy changes made including general education, education excellence, teacher licensing, health and safety, special education, and early childhood education; and report changes made.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Solid waste management tax exemptions provided, pilot accessibility projects required on wildlife management areas, and appropriations extended.. Description: Solid waste management tax exemptions provided, pilot accessibility projects required on wildlife management areas, and appropriations extended.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Child care assistance provider reimbursement rates modified, and money appropriated.. Description: Child care assistance provider reimbursement rates modified, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Shared work plan eligibility modified.. Description: Shared work plan eligibility modified.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Replacement license plate fees established, and design requirements amended for enhanced driver's licenses and enhanced identification cards.. Description: Replacement license plate fees established, and design requirements amended for enhanced driver's licenses and enhanced identification cards.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19; executive order relating to use of telemedicine in the state medical cannabis program extended, human services program waivers and modifications issued by the commissioner of human services pursuant to executive orders during the peacetime emergency extended, 60-day period to transition affected programs off waivers and modifications following expiration of the peacetime emergency, and money appropriated.. Description: COVID-19; executive order relating to use of telemedicine in the state medical cannabis program extended, human services program waivers and modifications issued by the commissioner of human services pursuant to executive orders during the peacetime emergency extended, 60-day period to transition affected programs off waivers and modifications following expiration of the peacetime emergency, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19; grant and appropriation extensions provided, and report required.. Description: COVID-19; grant and appropriation extensions provided, and report required.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Protests and civil unrest of May and June 2020; PROMISE Act established, community repair panel created, data classified, redevelopment and relief programs created, Metropolitan Area Redevelopment Corporation established, sales and use tax imposed, insurance claims assistance required, leases regulated, eminent domain limited use authorized, sales and use tax items exempted, property tax abatement required, and money appropriated.. Description: Protests and civil unrest of May and June 2020; PROMISE Act established, community repair panel created, data classified, redevelopment and relief programs created, Metropolitan Area Redevelopment Corporation established, sales and use tax imposed, insurance claims assistance required, leases regulated, eminent domain limited use authorized, sales and use tax items exempted, property tax abatement required, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Peace officers standards and training (POST) board membership modification; crisis intervention, mental illness crisis and autism training authorization; prior POST board appropriation modification. Description: Peace officers standards and training (POST) board membership modification; crisis intervention, mental illness crisis and autism training authorization; prior POST board appropriation modification
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Law enforcement use of force reporting requirements. Description: Law enforcement use of force reporting requirements
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Public safety peer support activity admissibility of statements and critical incident stress management services limitations; certain data classification. Description: Public safety peer support activity admissibility of statements and critical incident stress management services limitations; certain data classification
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Language essentials for teachers of reading and spelling (LETRS) grants appropriation. Description: Language essentials for teachers of reading and spelling (LETRS) grants appropriation
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Amusement rides and lawn equipment operation by youth effective date change. Description: Amusement rides and lawn equipment operation by youth effective date change
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19 gambling control laws temporary adjustments authorization. Description: COVID-19 gambling control laws temporary adjustments authorization
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19 relief fund for local government distributions. Description: COVID-19 relief fund for local government distributions
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Law enforcement hiring information access expansion. Description: Law enforcement hiring information access expansion
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Peace officers use of force updated policies requirement. Description: Peace officers use of force updated policies requirement
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during the Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives and the Governor that the Senate is organized
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to organization and operation of the Senate during Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session. Description: A Senate resolution relating to adjournment of the Special Session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statutes, section 12.31, subdivision 2, paragraph (b). Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to Minnesota's peacetime emergency; terminating the peacetime emergency pursuant to the authority granted under Minnesota Statutes, section 12.31, subdivision 2, paragraph (b)
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Paid family, pregnancy, bonding, and applicant's serious medical condition benefits provided; employment leaves regulated and required; data classified; rulemaking authorized; and money appropriated.. Description: Paid family, pregnancy, bonding, and applicant's serious medical condition benefits provided; employment leaves regulated and required; data classified; rulemaking authorized; and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Firearm transfer criminal background checks required, and transferee permit disqualification grounds modified.. Description: Firearm transfer criminal background checks required, and transferee permit disqualification grounds modified.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Firearms; law enforcement and family members enabled to petition a court to prohibit people from possessing firearms if they pose a significant danger to themselves or others by possessing a firearm, and money appropriated.. Description: Firearms; law enforcement and family members enabled to petition a court to prohibit people from possessing firearms if they pose a significant danger to themselves or others by possessing a firearm, and money appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Sexual harassment definition clarified.. Description: Sexual harassment definition clarified.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Equal rights; gender equality provided for under the law, and constitutional amendment proposed.. Description: Equal rights; gender equality provided for under the law, and constitutional amendment proposed.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Help America Vote Act money transferred and appropriated.. Description: Help America Vote Act money transferred and appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Voluntary relationship defense for criminal sexual conduct crimes eliminated.. Description: Voluntary relationship defense for criminal sexual conduct crimes eliminated.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Cell phone use prohibited by person operating a vehicle while vehicle is in motion or a part of traffic, and voice-activated hands-free mode exception provided.. Description: Cell phone use prohibited by person operating a vehicle while vehicle is in motion or a part of traffic, and voice-activated hands-free mode exception provided.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Protected class restrictive covenants that are prohibited under state and federal law statutory form provided for making declarations.. Description: Protected class restrictive covenants that are prohibited under state and federal law statutory form provided for making declarations.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: West Lakeland Township, Bayport, and Oak Park Heights; Trunk Highway 95 segment designated as Corrections Officer Joseph Gomm Memorial Highway.. Description: West Lakeland Township, Bayport, and Oak Park Heights; Trunk Highway 95 segment designated as Corrections Officer Joseph Gomm Memorial Highway.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Task Force on Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women created, violence against indigenous women and girls annual report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Task Force on Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women created, violence against indigenous women and girls annual report required, and money appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Equal rights; a resolution memorializing Congress to remove the deadline for ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment to the United States Constitution by the states.. Description: Equal rights; a resolution memorializing Congress to remove the deadline for ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment to the United States Constitution by the states.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Capital investment; previously authorized capital projects funding source changed, spending authorized to acquire and better public land and buildings and other improvements of a capital nature, bonds issued, prior appropriations modified, and money appropriated.. Description: Capital investment; previously authorized capital projects funding source changed, spending authorized to acquire and better public land and buildings and other improvements of a capital nature, bonds issued, prior appropriations modified, and money appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Emergency Medical Services Regulatory Board authorized to propose guidelines authorizing patient-assisted medication administration in emergencies.. Description: Emergency Medical Services Regulatory Board authorized to propose guidelines authorizing patient-assisted medication administration in emergencies.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Assisted living resident consumer protections and licenses established, deceptive marketing and business practices prohibited, independent senior living facilities provisions and health services executive license established, Board of Examiners for Nursing Home Administrators name changed, fees imposed, conforming changes made, penalties provided, rulemaking authority granted, reports required, and money appropriated.. Description: Assisted living resident consumer protections and licenses established, deceptive marketing and business practices prohibited, independent senior living facilities provisions and health services executive license established, Board of Examiners for Nursing Home Administrators name changed, fees imposed, conforming changes made, penalties provided, rulemaking authority granted, reports required, and money appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Governor's Council on Developmental Disabilities public member compensation and expense reimbursement required.. Description: Governor's Council on Developmental Disabilities public member compensation and expense reimbursement required.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Community emergency medical technician permitted to be a member of a basic life support ambulance service, and occupational title of emergency medical technicians modified.. Description: Community emergency medical technician permitted to be a member of a basic life support ambulance service, and occupational title of emergency medical technicians modified.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Licensed physical therapists authorized to provide a medical statement for parking privileges for physically disabled persons.. Description: Licensed physical therapists authorized to provide a medical statement for parking privileges for physically disabled persons.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Farm advocates, farmer-lender mediators, and mental health counseling support for farm families and business operators additional money appropriated.. Description: Farm advocates, farmer-lender mediators, and mental health counseling support for farm families and business operators additional money appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Open Meeting Law; interactive television attendance requirements modified.. Description: Open Meeting Law; interactive television attendance requirements modified.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Rail carrier minimum crew size required, and criminal penalties imposed.. Description: Rail carrier minimum crew size required, and criminal penalties imposed.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Tobacco; charter schools added to prohibition of tobacco in schools, tobacco sale age increased, administrative penalties increased, municipal license of tobacco provision added, and alternative penalties allowed.. Description: Tobacco; charter schools added to prohibition of tobacco in schools, tobacco sale age increased, administrative penalties increased, municipal license of tobacco provision added, and alternative penalties allowed.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Electronic cigarettes included in definition of smoking for purposes of the Minnesota Clean Indoor Air Act, and technical and clarifying changes made.. Description: Electronic cigarettes included in definition of smoking for purposes of the Minnesota Clean Indoor Air Act, and technical and clarifying changes made.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Flame-retardant chemical use in certain products prohibited, and exemptions allowed.. Description: Flame-retardant chemical use in certain products prohibited, and exemptions allowed.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Opiate product registration fee and the Opiate Epidemic Response Advisory Council established, licensure and registration fees modified, prescription drug and controlled substance sections modified, reports required, and money appropriated.. Description: Opiate product registration fee and the Opiate Epidemic Response Advisory Council established, licensure and registration fees modified, prescription drug and controlled substance sections modified, reports required, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19; bicycle traffic regulations, powers, and duties modified.. Description: COVID-19; bicycle traffic regulations, powers, and duties modified.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Boat insurance; property and casualty policy exclusion coverage regulated.. Description: Boat insurance; property and casualty policy exclusion coverage regulated.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Residential lease requirements amended.. Description: Residential lease requirements amended.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Parent permitted to petition for reestablishment of the legal parent and child relationship.. Description: Parent permitted to petition for reestablishment of the legal parent and child relationship.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Provider-patient relationship required in order to make ophthalmic prescriptions.. Description: Provider-patient relationship required in order to make ophthalmic prescriptions.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Veteran suicide awareness day declared.. Description: Veteran suicide awareness day declared.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: St. Louis County Civil Service Commission amended, technical changes made, and obsolete language removed.. Description: St. Louis County Civil Service Commission amended, technical changes made, and obsolete language removed.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Real estate broker and licensee advertising requirements modified.. Description: Real estate broker and licensee advertising requirements modified.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Law enforcement policies required on best practices for eyewitness identifications.. Description: Law enforcement policies required on best practices for eyewitness identifications.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Health-related professions temporary license suspensions and background checks modified.. Description: Health-related professions temporary license suspensions and background checks modified.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus legacy finance bill.. Description: Omnibus legacy finance bill.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Children's residential treatment payment provisions effective date amended, and money appropriated.. Description: Children's residential treatment payment provisions effective date amended, and money appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Leashed dog use allowed to track big game, artificial light use modified, and criminal penalties provided.. Description: Leashed dog use allowed to track big game, artificial light use modified, and criminal penalties provided.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Marriages by minors provisions eliminated, and proof of age required.. Description: Marriages by minors provisions eliminated, and proof of age required.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Cardiovascular technologist x-ray practice authorized.. Description: Cardiovascular technologist x-ray practice authorized.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: World War I Minnesota veterans plaque authorized to be placed in Capitol grounds court of honor to honor all Minnesota veterans who served in the United States armed forces, both at home and abroad.. Description: World War I Minnesota veterans plaque authorized to be placed in Capitol grounds court of honor to honor all Minnesota veterans who served in the United States armed forces, both at home and abroad.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minnesota Licensing and Registration System (MNLARS) and Driver and Vehicle Services funding provided, report required, and money appropriated.. Description: Minnesota Licensing and Registration System (MNLARS) and Driver and Vehicle Services funding provided, report required, and money appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Portorama; unauthorized use of name and mark crime eliminated.. Description: Portorama; unauthorized use of name and mark crime eliminated.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Pharmacy licensure requirements modified.. Description: Pharmacy licensure requirements modified.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Residential mortgage originators licensing requirements exemption added, and conformity with federal truth in lending requirements provided.. Description: Residential mortgage originators licensing requirements exemption added, and conformity with federal truth in lending requirements provided.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Revisor's bill; miscellaneous technical corrections made to laws and statutes; erroneous, obsolete, and omitted text and references corrected; and redundant, conflicting, and superseded provisions removed.. Description: Revisor's bill; miscellaneous technical corrections made to laws and statutes; erroneous, obsolete, and omitted text and references corrected; and redundant, conflicting, and superseded provisions removed.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Drivers required to slow down when passing stopped service vehicles, and recycling trucks authorized to be equipped with and to use amber lights when collecting recycling.. Description: Drivers required to slow down when passing stopped service vehicles, and recycling trucks authorized to be equipped with and to use amber lights when collecting recycling.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Public drainage system acquisition and compensation of ditch buffer strips accelerated, and runoff and sediment option provided when charging for public drainage ditch repairs.. Description: Public drainage system acquisition and compensation of ditch buffer strips accelerated, and runoff and sediment option provided when charging for public drainage ditch repairs.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Marriage and family therapist provisions modified, and technical and clarifying changes made.. Description: Marriage and family therapist provisions modified, and technical and clarifying changes made.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Month of May designated as Maternal Mental Health Awareness Month.. Description: Month of May designated as Maternal Mental Health Awareness Month.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Elections administration, voting, voter registration, polling places, ballots, recounts, contests, candidates, and related provisions technical and policy changes made.. Description: Elections administration, voting, voter registration, polling places, ballots, recounts, contests, candidates, and related provisions technical and policy changes made.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Noncompliant driver's license or Minnesota identification card requirements modified and related changes made, including eligibility, proof of lawful presence, primary and secondary documentation, voter registration, and data practices; technical changes made; and money appropriated.. Description: Noncompliant driver's license or Minnesota identification card requirements modified and related changes made, including eligibility, proof of lawful presence, primary and secondary documentation, voter registration, and data practices; technical changes made; and money appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Tribal public health access added to birth data.. Description: Tribal public health access added to birth data.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19 Economic Security Act established, loans modified during public health emergency, small business loans and grants provided, grants provided for expanding broadband and telemedicine, housing assistance provided, personal care assistance services expanded, personal care assistant rates increased, penalties provided, and money appropriated.. Description: COVID-19 Economic Security Act established, loans modified during public health emergency, small business loans and grants provided, grants provided for expanding broadband and telemedicine, housing assistance provided, personal care assistance services expanded, personal care assistant rates increased, penalties provided, and money appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus transportation finance bill.. Description: Omnibus transportation finance bill.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus agriculture policy bill.. Description: Omnibus agriculture policy bill.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Subprime references in Minnesota Statutes removed.. Description: Subprime references in Minnesota Statutes removed.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Solar energy incentive program modified, various renewable energy and other energy-related programs established, utility filing governed, reports required, and money appropriated.. Description: Solar energy incentive program modified, various renewable energy and other energy-related programs established, utility filing governed, reports required, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Foster care student enrollment in school required, and foster youth school enrollment report required.. Description: Foster care student enrollment in school required, and foster youth school enrollment report required.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Department of Commerce; various technical provisions changed.. Description: Department of Commerce; various technical provisions changed.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Deafblind intervener services modified.. Description: Deafblind intervener services modified.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Hennepin County; job order contracting authority extended.. Description: Hennepin County; job order contracting authority extended.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Environment and natural resources trust funds appropriated, and previous appropriations modified.. Description: Environment and natural resources trust funds appropriated, and previous appropriations modified.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Hennepin County; library director qualifications modified.. Description: Hennepin County; library director qualifications modified.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus tax bill.. Description: Omnibus tax bill.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Gambling Control Board regulatory provisions modified; and clarifying, conforming, and technical changes made.. Description: Gambling Control Board regulatory provisions modified; and clarifying, conforming, and technical changes made.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Telecommuter Forward! certification created.. Description: Telecommuter Forward! certification created.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus jobs and economic development, energy and climate, and telecommunications policy and finance bill.. Description: Omnibus jobs and economic development, energy and climate, and telecommunications policy and finance bill.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Legislative Audit Commission; agency duties and responsibilities to notify legislative auditor of unlawful access to not public data modified.. Description: Legislative Audit Commission; agency duties and responsibilities to notify legislative auditor of unlawful access to not public data modified.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Permanent bar modified to set aside a background study disqualification.. Description: Permanent bar modified to set aside a background study disqualification.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Trichloroethylene banned for use in manufacturing processes.. Description: Trichloroethylene banned for use in manufacturing processes.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Agriculture supplemental appropriations bill.. Description: Agriculture supplemental appropriations bill.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Workers' Compensation Advisory Council recommendations adopted, and implementation of the workers' compensation Claims Access and Management Platform User System (CAMPUS) authorized.. Description: Workers' Compensation Advisory Council recommendations adopted, and implementation of the workers' compensation Claims Access and Management Platform User System (CAMPUS) authorized.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus education finance bill.. Description: Omnibus education finance bill.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus health and human services finance bill.. Description: Omnibus health and human services finance bill.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Great Lakes; a resolution declaring September 7, 2019 as Great Lakes-St. Lawrence Appreciation Day in Minnesota, learning about Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River importance to economic and environment encouraged, and recognition across region urged.. Description: Great Lakes; a resolution declaring September 7, 2019 as Great Lakes-St. Lawrence Appreciation Day in Minnesota, learning about Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River importance to economic and environment encouraged, and recognition across region urged.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Minnesota Bond Allocation Act modified relating to housing bonds, manufactured home park lot rentals and sales modified, Housing Finance Agency tax credit allocations modified, eviction cases expungement allowed, residential lease agreement terms mandated, eviction data classified, and housing improvement areas expanded.. Description: Minnesota Bond Allocation Act modified relating to housing bonds, manufactured home park lot rentals and sales modified, Housing Finance Agency tax credit allocations modified, eviction cases expungement allowed, residential lease agreement terms mandated, eviction data classified, and housing improvement areas expanded.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Outdoor heritage fund funding provided, Medal of Honor memorial funding provided, previous appropriations from legacy funds extended and modified, and money appropriated.. Description: Outdoor heritage fund funding provided, Medal of Honor memorial funding provided, previous appropriations from legacy funds extended and modified, and money appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Claims against the state settlement provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Claims against the state settlement provided, and money appropriated.
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Labor agreement and compensation plan ratified.. Description: Labor agreement and compensation plan ratified.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Labor agreements and compensation plans ratified.. Description: Labor agreements and compensation plans ratified.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Argosy University closure student relief provided, and report required.. Description: Argosy University closure student relief provided, and report required.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Rural Finance Authority funding provided, bonds issued, and money appropriated.. Description: Rural Finance Authority funding provided, bonds issued, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Voter data access related to presidential nomination primary regulated, and voters allowed to request that their data be excluded from the lists.. Description: Voter data access related to presidential nomination primary regulated, and voters allowed to request that their data be excluded from the lists.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Insulin; dependent child notice required, Alec Smith Insulin Affordability Act established, reports required, public awareness campaign required, and money appropriated.. Description: Insulin; dependent child notice required, Alec Smith Insulin Affordability Act established, reports required, public awareness campaign required, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Minnesota Human Rights Act race definition added.. Description: Minnesota Human Rights Act race definition added.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19; correctional facility daily population data published on website; occupancy limits of correctional facility cells modified; storage, uniform consent form, and website database for sexual assault examination kits provided; motor vehicle charges and conviction data report provided; early conditional release provided for certain inmates during public health emergency; public safety specialists testing provided; task force established on sentencing for aiding and abetting felony murder; and reports required.. Description: COVID-19; correctional facility daily population data published on website; occupancy limits of correctional facility cells modified; storage, uniform consent form, and website database for sexual assault examination kits provided; motor vehicle charges and conviction data report provided; early conditional release provided for certain inmates during public health emergency; public safety specialists testing provided; task force established on sentencing for aiding and abetting felony murder; and reports required.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Electric utility program that encourages efficient lighting amended to include LED promotion.. Description: Electric utility program that encourages efficient lighting amended to include LED promotion.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: State Register publication provisions changed, and Capitol building event annual report date changed.. Description: State Register publication provisions changed, and Capitol building event annual report date changed.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Elections; special procedures provided for the safe and secure conduct of the 2020 state primary and state general elections; funding provided for various election-related purposes, including administration, security, accessibility, training, public health and safety, and public outreach; local grants authorized; report required; money transferred and appropriated for purposes of the Help America Vote Act, the federal CARES Act, and the federal Consolidated Appropriations Act; and money appropriated.. Description: Elections; special procedures provided for the safe and secure conduct of the 2020 state primary and state general elections; funding provided for various election-related purposes, including administration, security, accessibility, training, public health and safety, and public outreach; local grants authorized; report required; money transferred and appropriated for purposes of the Help America Vote Act, the federal CARES Act, and the federal Consolidated Appropriations Act; and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Revisor's bill making miscellaneous technical corrections.. Description: Revisor's bill making miscellaneous technical corrections.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Intent required for repeated harassing conduct crime.. Description: Intent required for repeated harassing conduct crime.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: 2020 Workers' Compensation Advisory Council recommendations adopted.. Description: 2020 Workers' Compensation Advisory Council recommendations adopted.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Agriculture; various provisions modified relating to perishable farm products, seed law, noxious weed law, hemp, farming, loans, plant shipment, pet food, food, eggs, grain, and others; data classified; rulemaking authority modified; veterinarian immunity provided; reports required; and recommendations required.. Description: Agriculture; various provisions modified relating to perishable farm products, seed law, noxious weed law, hemp, farming, loans, plant shipment, pet food, food, eggs, grain, and others; data classified; rulemaking authority modified; veterinarian immunity provided; reports required; and recommendations required.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19; school closures and other amendments provided; calculation of school aid formulas clarified; forecast adjustments made to funding for general education, education excellence, teachers, special education, facilities, fund transfers and accounting, nutrition and libraries, early childhood, and community education and lifelong learning; responsibilities clarified for construction and skills trades career counseling services; operation referendum calculation clarified; and base appropriations adjusted.. Description: COVID-19; school closures and other amendments provided; calculation of school aid formulas clarified; forecast adjustments made to funding for general education, education excellence, teachers, special education, facilities, fund transfers and accounting, nutrition and libraries, early childhood, and community education and lifelong learning; responsibilities clarified for construction and skills trades career counseling services; operation referendum calculation clarified; and base appropriations adjusted.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Pay-for-performance grant program modified, and displaced homemaker program renamed.. Description: Pay-for-performance grant program modified, and displaced homemaker program renamed.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19; grant extensions provided, and report required.. Description: COVID-19; grant extensions provided, and report required.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Energy Conservation and Optimization Act of 2020 established.. Description: Energy Conservation and Optimization Act of 2020 established.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19; response fund established, prescription refill and property tax appeal timelines modified, unemployment insurance provided, and money appropriated.. Description: COVID-19; response fund established, prescription refill and property tax appeal timelines modified, unemployment insurance provided, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19; workers' compensation claims presumption provided for specified employees, report required, and CAMPUS system implementation extension authorized.. Description: COVID-19; workers' compensation claims presumption provided for specified employees, report required, and CAMPUS system implementation extension authorized.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19; state government deadlines extended; health expenses covered; temporary emergency authority provided; electronic communication, applicants, and signature use expanded; Second Harvest Heartland grants funding provided; forecast adjustments made; and money appropriated.. Description: COVID-19; state government deadlines extended; health expenses covered; temporary emergency authority provided; electronic communication, applicants, and signature use expanded; Second Harvest Heartland grants funding provided; forecast adjustments made; and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Minnesota Family Investment Program (MFIP) onetime supplemental payment funding provided, and money appropriated.. Description: Minnesota Family Investment Program (MFIP) onetime supplemental payment funding provided, and money appropriated.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Revenue and reimbursement provisions modified, and discretion to the commission for operation of a card club granted.. Description: Revenue and reimbursement provisions modified, and discretion to the commission for operation of a card club granted.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Farmer-Lender Mediation Act time period in 2020 modified.. Description: Farmer-Lender Mediation Act time period in 2020 modified.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Human services commissioner required to award opiate epidemic response account grants.. Description: Human services commissioner required to award opiate epidemic response account grants.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minnesota investment fund loan forgiveness conditions modified.. Description: Minnesota investment fund loan forgiveness conditions modified.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Counties, cities, and townships authorized to accept documents and signatures electronically, by mail, or facsimile.. Description: Counties, cities, and townships authorized to accept documents and signatures electronically, by mail, or facsimile.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus health and human services bill. Description: Omnibus health and human services bill
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Cell phone use while driving provisions modifications; texting while driving penalties increase; improper use of wireless communications devices. Description: Cell phone use while driving provisions modifications; texting while driving penalties increase; improper use of wireless communications devices
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Energy storage system pilot projects criteria for utility cost recovery establishment; investor-owned utilities to include in integrated resource plans an assessment of energy storage systems requirement; cost-benefit analysis of energy storage systems requirement; appropriation. Description: Energy storage system pilot projects criteria for utility cost recovery establishment; investor-owned utilities to include in integrated resource plans an assessment of energy storage systems requirement; cost-benefit analysis of energy storage systems requirement; appropriation
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Criminal gang investigative data retention extension. Description: Criminal gang investigative data retention extension
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Health care facility fee disclosure requirement. Description: Health care facility fee disclosure requirement
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: POW and MIA Recognition Day establishment. Description: POW and MIA Recognition Day establishment
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Direct primary care service agreements establishment. Description: Direct primary care service agreements establishment
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minnesota Pharmacy Benefit Manager Licensure and Regulation Act; appropriations. Description: Minnesota Pharmacy Benefit Manager Licensure and Regulation Act; appropriations
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Disaster contingency account funds transfer. Description: Disaster contingency account funds transfer
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: State and local governments impacted by new information technology business software user acceptance testing involvement requirement. Description: State and local governments impacted by new information technology business software user acceptance testing involvement requirement
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Medical assistance (MA) waiver customized living services provider authorization to transfer capacity to up to three other housing services located in Hennepin county. Description: Medical assistance (MA) waiver customized living services provider authorization to transfer capacity to up to three other housing services located in Hennepin county
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Body art technicians supervisors requirements modification. Description: Body art technicians supervisors requirements modification
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Carver county hospital construction or moratorium exception modification. Description: Carver county hospital construction or moratorium exception modification
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Security screening systems addition to ionizing radiation-producing equipment fees; examination requirement exemption; appropriation. Description: Security screening systems addition to ionizing radiation-producing equipment fees; examination requirement exemption; appropriation
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19 gambling control laws temporary adjustment; gambling control board annual reports filing requirement. Description: COVID-19 gambling control laws temporary adjustment; gambling control board annual reports filing requirement
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Public procurement actions original jurisdiction granted to district courts. Description: Public procurement actions original jurisdiction granted to district courts
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Elderly waiver language recodification and technical changes. Description: Elderly waiver language recodification and technical changes
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Allied health professions conversion to a birth month renewal cycle authorization. Description: Allied health professions conversion to a birth month renewal cycle authorization
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Anoka county waste disposal engineering closed landfill site and closed landfill investment fund appropriations. Description: Anoka county waste disposal engineering closed landfill site and closed landfill investment fund appropriations
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Deputy registrars reimbursements appropriation. Description: Deputy registrars reimbursements appropriation
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Red Wing Eisenhower Memorial Bridge over Mississippi River Bridge of Valor rename authorization. Description: Red Wing Eisenhower Memorial Bridge over Mississippi River Bridge of Valor rename authorization
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus DWI bill. Description: Omnibus DWI bill
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Minnesota premium security plan funding operation extension; reporting specifications. Description: Minnesota premium security plan funding operation extension; reporting specifications
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus judiciary and public safety bill. Description: Omnibus judiciary and public safety bill
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Health licensing technical changes; mental health professionals duty to warn and reciprocity expansion. Description: Health licensing technical changes; mental health professionals duty to warn and reciprocity expansion
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: University of Minnesota (U of M) advisory council on rare diseases establishment request and appropriation. Description: University of Minnesota (U of M) advisory council on rare diseases establishment request and appropriation
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Child care training timelines extension and clarification. Description: Child care training timelines extension and clarification
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Cities written estimate of consultant fees request authorization. Description: Cities written estimate of consultant fees request authorization
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Richard J. Ames memorial highway designation. Description: Richard J. Ames memorial highway designation
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Prescription Drug Pricing Transparency Act. Description: Prescription Drug Pricing Transparency Act
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Prairie Island Indian Community to exercise concurrent state law enforcement jurisdictional authority. Description: Prairie Island Indian Community to exercise concurrent state law enforcement jurisdictional authority
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Parity between mental health benefits and other medical benefits requirement; health and commerce commissioners accountability requirement. Description: Parity between mental health benefits and other medical benefits requirement; health and commerce commissioners accountability requirement
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Epinephrine auto-injectors use by certain individuals completing training program authorization. Description: Epinephrine auto-injectors use by certain individuals completing training program authorization
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Ryane Clark memorial highway designation in Kandiyohi county. Description: Ryane Clark memorial highway designation in Kandiyohi county
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Light rail transit (LRT) operators subject to reckless and careless driving law provisions. Description: Light rail transit (LRT) operators subject to reckless and careless driving law provisions
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Unemployment insurance provisions modifications previously recommended by the Unemployment Insurance Advisory Committee adoption. Description: Unemployment insurance provisions modifications previously recommended by the Unemployment Insurance Advisory Committee adoption
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Captain Jeffery Vollmer Memorial Highway designation. Description: Captain Jeffery Vollmer Memorial Highway designation
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Credit union conversion, merger or consolidation supermajority requirements elimination. Description: Credit union conversion, merger or consolidation supermajority requirements elimination
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Garnishment of earnings provisions modification. Description: Garnishment of earnings provisions modification
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Outpatient surgical centers facility sharing authorization. Description: Outpatient surgical centers facility sharing authorization
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Snow day relief bill; calculation of days and hours of instruction for students affected by snow days during the 2018-2019 school year modification. Description: Snow day relief bill; calculation of days and hours of instruction for students affected by snow days during the 2018-2019 school year modification
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Peace officer citation issuance based on report from work zone flagger authorization. Description: Peace officer citation issuance based on report from work zone flagger authorization
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Commerce department use of appropriations for certain legal proceedings prohibition. Description: Commerce department use of appropriations for certain legal proceedings prohibition
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Lawn care equipment operation by 16 and 17 year olds authorization. Description: Lawn care equipment operation by 16 and 17 year olds authorization
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Trunk highway rights-of-way mow or hay permits moratorium establishment. Description: Trunk highway rights-of-way mow or hay permits moratorium establishment
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Volunteer health care provider program requirements modification. Description: Volunteer health care provider program requirements modification
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Nonemergency medical transportation advisory committee membership modification. Description: Nonemergency medical transportation advisory committee membership modification
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus liquor bill. Description: Omnibus liquor bill
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Telemedicine evaluations use to prescribe medications for erectile dysfunction authorization. Description: Telemedicine evaluations use to prescribe medications for erectile dysfunction authorization
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus department of corrections policy bill. Description: Omnibus department of corrections policy bill
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Disaster recovery loan program expansion; retroactive effective date. Description: Disaster recovery loan program expansion; retroactive effective date
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus agriculture department, rural development, and housing finance bill. Description: Omnibus agriculture department, rural development, and housing finance bill
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus state government appropriations. Description: Omnibus state government appropriations
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Trichloroethylene (TCE) emissions response account and stakeholder group creation; TCE emissions fines disposition. Description: Trichloroethylene (TCE) emissions response account and stakeholder group creation; TCE emissions fines disposition
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Insurance provisions modifications for conformance with certain model regulations authorization; rulemaking authorization; supplemental Medicare coverage federally conforming changes. Description: Insurance provisions modifications for conformance with certain model regulations authorization; rulemaking authorization; supplemental Medicare coverage federally conforming changes
In 2019, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus environment and natural resources bill. Description: Omnibus environment and natural resources bill
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Omnibus higher education appropriations and policy provisions. Description: Omnibus higher education appropriations and policy provisions
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Vulnerable adults financial exploitation provisions modifications. Description: Vulnerable adults financial exploitation provisions modifications
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Hairstyling and makeup services licensing requirement exemption; appropriation modification. Description: Hairstyling and makeup services licensing requirement exemption; appropriation modification
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Minnesota Athletic Trainers Act modification. Description: Minnesota Athletic Trainers Act modification
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Health boards unnecessary criminal background fee removal; occupational therapy clarifying, technical and conforming changes; social work practice requirements, licensing and regulatory provisions modification; dental employee licensure requirements modifications; reemploying retired members of PERA and MSRS for health care workers during peacetime emergency. Description: Health boards unnecessary criminal background fee removal; occupational therapy clarifying, technical and conforming changes; social work practice requirements, licensing and regulatory provisions modification; dental employee licensure requirements modifications; reemploying retired members of PERA and MSRS for health care workers during peacetime emergency
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Natural Gas Innovation Act. Description: Natural Gas Innovation Act
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Aging board self-directed caregiver grants requirements modifications. Description: Aging board self-directed caregiver grants requirements modifications
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: North Branch public utilities commission membership increase authorization. Description: North Branch public utilities commission membership increase authorization
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Electronic location tracking warrants information reporting authorization. Description: Electronic location tracking warrants information reporting authorization
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Medical assistance (MA) coverage for routine patient costs incurred in qualified clinical trials. Description: Medical assistance (MA) coverage for routine patient costs incurred in qualified clinical trials
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Ambulance service volunteer educational costs reimbursement requirements modification. Description: Ambulance service volunteer educational costs reimbursement requirements modification
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Family child care licensing variances county agency publication and information distribution requirement; supervision definition modification. Description: Family child care licensing variances county agency publication and information distribution requirement; supervision definition modification
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Health care services utilization review and prior authorization requirements modification. Description: Health care services utilization review and prior authorization requirements modification
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Mortgage financing for manufactured homes in manufactured home park cooperatives authorization. Description: Mortgage financing for manufactured homes in manufactured home park cooperatives authorization
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Transportation, motor vehicles and drivers provisions modification. Description: Transportation, motor vehicles and drivers provisions modification
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Peace officer definition modification; corrections provisions modification; criminal justice data communications network use modification; grant programs temporary changes; criminal penalties authorization. Description: Peace officer definition modification; corrections provisions modification; criminal justice data communications network use modification; grant programs temporary changes; criminal penalties authorization
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: City charter commission expenses payment authorization and reappointments permitted. Description: City charter commission expenses payment authorization and reappointments permitted
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus human services policy provisions modification. Description: Omnibus human services policy provisions modification
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Guardianships, minor trusts, common interest ownerships and garnishment provisions policy, technical and conforming changes modification. Description: Guardianships, minor trusts, common interest ownerships and garnishment provisions policy, technical and conforming changes modification
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minimum age for safe amusement ride operation establishment; lawn care equipment operation by 16 and 17 year olds authorization. Description: Minimum age for safe amusement ride operation establishment; lawn care equipment operation by 16 and 17 year olds authorization
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Appraisal management company licensure fees modification. Description: Appraisal management company licensure fees modification
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Modular home definition modification; manufactured home relocation trust fund assessment provision modification. Description: Modular home definition modification; manufactured home relocation trust fund assessment provision modification
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Omnibus health and human services policy bill. Description: Omnibus health and human services policy bill
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Disaster contingency account transfer. Description: Disaster contingency account transfer
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Banks and trust companies authorized investment modification. Description: Banks and trust companies authorized investment modification
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Office of higher education policy, financial aid, institutional approval, and reporting modifications. Description: Office of higher education policy, financial aid, institutional approval, and reporting modifications
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Polk county law library money transfer to county for technological improvements to county courthouse authorization. Description: Polk county law library money transfer to county for technological improvements to county courthouse authorization
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Money transmission provisions regulation. Description: Money transmission provisions regulation
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Miscellaneous retirement provisions modifications. Description: Miscellaneous retirement provisions modifications
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: COVID-19 public health response planning and preparation and federal funds appropriation. Description: COVID-19 public health response planning and preparation and federal funds appropriation
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Nicollet to New Ulm trunk highway #14 reconstruction; transportation loan pilot program and appropriation; Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (FIFIA) of 1998 repeal. Description: Nicollet to New Ulm trunk highway #14 reconstruction; transportation loan pilot program and appropriation; Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (FIFIA) of 1998 repeal
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Trichloroethylene use ban; alternative chemicals identification appropriation. Description: Trichloroethylene use ban; alternative chemicals identification appropriation
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Minnesota Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Act modification; commerce department provisions technical changes. Description: Minnesota Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Act modification; commerce department provisions technical changes
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Public health response contingency account money transfer authorization; health care response fund and provider grant loan program establishment; telemedicine services coverage authorization. Description: Public health response contingency account money transfer authorization; health care response fund and provider grant loan program establishment; telemedicine services coverage authorization
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: Small business emergency grants grants and loans appropriation; Minnesota 21st century minerals fund reimbursement; budget reserve forecast calculation adjustment; fund receiving small business loan repayments modification. Description: Small business emergency grants grants and loans appropriation; Minnesota 21st century minerals fund reimbursement; budget reserve forecast calculation adjustment; fund receiving small business loan repayments modification
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: Limited off-sale of liquor for restaurants closed by executive order. Description: Limited off-sale of liquor for restaurants closed by executive order
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19 telemedicine equipment grant program establishment; distance learning broadband access grant program establishment; appropriations. Description: COVID-19 telemedicine equipment grant program establishment; distance learning broadband access grant program establishment; appropriations
In 2020, Minnesota engrossed a bill titled: COVID-19 appropriations and transfers to federal funds source modification; general fund appropriations and transfers cancellation; appropriations. Description: COVID-19 appropriations and transfers to federal funds source modification; general fund appropriations and transfers cancellation; appropriations
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader. Description: A Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to rules; adopting temporary rules for the 91st session of the Legislature. Description: A Senate resolution relating to rules; adopting temporary rules for the 91st session of the Legislature
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to standing committees. Description: A Senate resolution relating to standing committees
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the schedule or standing committee meetings. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the schedule or standing committee meetings
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution naming a president pro tem. Description: A Senate resolution naming a president pro tem
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars; providing for the payment of expenses. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars; providing for the payment of expenses
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution to notify the House of Representatives that the Senate is organized
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to notify the Governor the Senate is organized. Description: A Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to notify the Governor the Senate is organized
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service. Description: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service. Description: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to postage. Description: A Senate resolution relating to postage
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to mileage; setting the miles traveled by members of the Senate in going to and returning from the Capitol. Description: A Senate resolution relating to mileage; setting the miles traveled by members of the Senate in going to and returning from the Capitol
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to mileage; setting the miles traveled by members of the Senate in going to and returning from the Capitol. Description: A Senate resolution relating to mileage; setting the miles traveled by members of the Senate in going to and returning from the Capitol
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to escort the Governor to the House Chamber for a Joint Convention. Description: A Senate resolution relating to appointment of a committee to escort the Governor to the House Chamber for a Joint Convention
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the establishment of the Select Committee on Home Ownership Affordability and Availability. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the establishment of the Select Committee on Home Ownership Affordability and Availability
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions. Description: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader. Description: A Senate resolution naming a Majority Leader and a Minority Leader
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars; providing for the payment of expenses. Description: A Senate resolution relating to the attendance of members of standing committees at meetings and seminars; providing for the payment of expenses
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to postage. Description: A Senate resolution relating to postage
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to mileage; setting the miles traveled by members of the Senate in going to and returning from the Capitol. Description: A Senate resolution relating to mileage; setting the miles traveled by members of the Senate in going to and returning from the Capitol
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to Temporary Rules of the Senate; providing privacy requirements for certain hearings conducted by the Subcommittee on Ethical Conduct; amending Temporary Rule 55. Description: A Senate resolution relating to Temporary Rules of the Senate; providing privacy requirements for certain hearings conducted by the Subcommittee on Ethical Conduct; amending Temporary Rule 55
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service. Description: A Senate resolution recognizing Minnesota Senate employees for their years of dedicated service
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate. Description: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate. Description: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate. Description: A Senate resolution amending the Temporary Rules of the Senate
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution commemorating the lives and work of deceased Senators. Description: A Senate resolution commemorating the lives and work of deceased Senators
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions. Description: A Senate resolution relating to conduct of Senate business during the interim between Sessions
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the Governor the Senate is about to adjourn sine die. Description: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the Governor the Senate is about to adjourn sine die
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives the Senate is about to adjourn sine die. Description: A Senate resolution relating to notifying the House of Representatives the Senate is about to adjourn sine die
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A House concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2019 regular session.. Description: A House concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2019 regular session.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A house concurrent resolution setting the time of adjournment of the 2019 session to February 11, 2020.. Description: A house concurrent resolution setting the time of adjournment of the 2019 session to February 11, 2020.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A house concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the House of Representatives and Senate until the public interest warrants it.. Description: A house concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the House of Representatives and Senate until the public interest warrants it.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A house concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the legislature until the public interest warrants it.. Description: A house concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the legislature until the public interest warrants it.
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A house concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the house and senate until the public interest warrants it.. Description: A house concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the house and senate until the public interest warrants it.
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to the adoption of temporary joint rules. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to the adoption of temporary joint rules
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to parking space in the capitol area for members of the Legislature and staff. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to parking space in the capitol area for members of the Legislature and staff
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days
In 2019, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment for more than three days
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2020 session. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution adopting deadlines for the 2020 session
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives until the public interest warrants reconvening. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to adjournment of the Senate and House of Representatives until the public interest warrants reconvening
In 2020, Minnesota passed a bill titled: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to the delivery of bills to the Governor after final adjournment. Description: A Senate concurrent resolution relating to the delivery of bills to the Governor after final adjournment
