Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Missouri:
In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Temporary Rules of the House of Representatives for the 103rd General Assembly. Description: Temporary Rules of the House of Representatives for the 103rd General Assembly
In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes the elected permanent officers of the 103rd General Assembly. Description: Establishes the elected permanent officers of the 103rd General Assembly
In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened, has elected its officers, and is in session ready for consideration of business. Description: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened, has elected its officers, and is in session ready for consideration of business
In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Governor that the 103rd General Assembly, First Regular Session, is organized and ready for business. Description: Informs the Governor that the 103rd General Assembly, First Regular Session, is organized and ready for business
In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation for the Secretary of State. Description: Expresses appreciation for the Secretary of State
In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation for Mary Rhodes Russell of the Missouri Supreme Court for administering the oath. Description: Expresses appreciation for Mary Rhodes Russell of the Missouri Supreme Court for administering the oath
In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Rules of the House of Representatives for the 103rd General Assembly. Description: Rules of the House of Representatives for the 103rd General Assembly
In 2025, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies Senate Rules 25 and 28 regarding standing committees of the Senate. Description: Modifies Senate Rules 25 and 28 regarding standing committees of the Senate
In 2025, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session for the State of the State Address. Description: Convenes a joint session for the State of the State Address
In 2025, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri. Description: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relates to surveillance. Description: Relates to surveillance
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: [TITLE UNAVAILABLE]. Description: [TITLE UNAVAILABLE]
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies Missouri driver's licenses and nondriver's licenses to include a symbol that indicates that the holder of the license is a United States citizen. Description: Modifies Missouri driver's licenses and nondriver's licenses to include a symbol that indicates that the holder of the license is a United States citizen
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to tax credits for sporting events. Description: Modifies provisions relating to tax credits for sporting events
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes provisions governing early childhood education programs. Description: Changes provisions governing early childhood education programs
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to mail sent by state agencies. Description: Modifies provisions relating to mail sent by state agencies
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Uniform Deployed Parents Custody and Visitation Act". Description: Establishes the "Uniform Deployed Parents Custody and Visitation Act"
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Tasks the Missouri veterans commission with expanding its efforts to prevent veteran suicide. Description: Tasks the Missouri veterans commission with expanding its efforts to prevent veteran suicide
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Freedom's Sentinel and Operation Allies Refuge Program" which authorizes the issuance of a medallion, medal, and certificate to certain veterans who served in specified conflicts. Description: Establishes the "Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Freedom's Sentinel and Operation Allies Refuge Program" which authorizes the issuance of a medallion, medal, and certificate to certain veterans who served in specified conflicts
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the chapter 92 earnings tax. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the chapter 92 earnings tax
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits public institutions of higher learning from discriminating against a religious student association or denying a religious student association any benefit available to any other student association. Description: Prohibits public institutions of higher learning from discriminating against a religious student association or denying a religious student association any benefit available to any other student association
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to master's social work degree programs. Description: Modifies provisions relating to master's social work degree programs
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to certain local taxes. Description: Modifies provisions relating to certain local taxes
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Support for students attending institutions of higher education. Description: Support for students attending institutions of higher education
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the deadline for filing a declaration of candidacy. Description: Modifies the deadline for filing a declaration of candidacy
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to school bus endorsements. Description: Modifies provisions relating to school bus endorsements
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies and creates offenses involving arrests, stops, and detentions. Description: Modifies and creates offenses involving arrests, stops, and detentions
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to income tax deductions for enlistment bonuses paid to members of the armed forces. Description: Modifies provisions relating to income tax deductions for enlistment bonuses paid to members of the armed forces
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes antibullying requirements for school districts. Description: Establishes antibullying requirements for school districts
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to utilities. Description: Modifies provisions relating to utilities
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions for initiative petitions and referendums. Description: Modifies provisions for initiative petitions and referendums
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions governing solid waste management permits. Description: Modifies provisions governing solid waste management permits
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions for the closure of electric power plants. Description: Creates provisions for the closure of electric power plants
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to department of revenue. Description: Modifies provisions relating to department of revenue
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to certain offenders, including access to SNAP benefits; inmate release from DOC; restraints on children in juvenile court; pregnant offenders; and admissibility of certain evidence in criminal cases. Description: Modifies provisions relating to certain offenders, including access to SNAP benefits; inmate release from DOC; restraints on children in juvenile court; pregnant offenders; and admissibility of certain evidence in criminal cases
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Increases aggregate investment amount that the state treasurer may invest in linked deposits and changes disbursement criteria for eligible parties. Description: Increases aggregate investment amount that the state treasurer may invest in linked deposits and changes disbursement criteria for eligible parties
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows the office of administration to conduct post-award negotiations with vendors. Description: Allows the office of administration to conduct post-award negotiations with vendors
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to certain fees collected by the "Missouri Emergency Response Commission". Description: Modifies provisions relating to certain fees collected by the "Missouri Emergency Response Commission"
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to judicial proceedings. Description: Modifies provisions relating to judicial proceedings
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits certain discriminatory practices on the basis of race. Description: Prohibits certain discriminatory practices on the basis of race
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Removes the requirement for county and city committee meetings to take place in the county seat. Description: Removes the requirement for county and city committee meetings to take place in the county seat
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the taxation of pass-through entities. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the taxation of pass-through entities
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes tax credits to revitalize facilities of historic significance. Description: Establishes tax credits to revitalize facilities of historic significance
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions governing teacher externships. Description: Modifies provisions governing teacher externships
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies practices and standards in regards to certain commercial practices. Description: Modifies practices and standards in regards to certain commercial practices
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to prior authorization of health care services. Description: Creates provisions relating to prior authorization of health care services
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes transfer procedures to nonresident districts for students in public schools. Description: Establishes transfer procedures to nonresident districts for students in public schools
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires schools to establish cardiac emergency response plans. Description: Requires schools to establish cardiac emergency response plans
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Repeals the expiration date of the "Uniform Small Wireless Facility Deployment Act". Description: Repeals the expiration date of the "Uniform Small Wireless Facility Deployment Act"
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the State Board of Education and Department of Elementary and Secondary Education. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the State Board of Education and Department of Elementary and Secondary Education
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Higher Education and Workforce Development. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Higher Education and Workforce Development
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Revenue and Department of Transportation. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Revenue and Department of Transportation
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Office of Administration, the Department of Transportation, the Department of Conservation, the Department of Public Safety, and the Chief Executive's Office. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Office of Administration, the Department of Transportation, the Department of Conservation, the Department of Public Safety, and the Chief Executive's Office
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Natural Resources, and the Department of Conservation. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Natural Resources, and the Department of Conservation
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Economic Development, the Department of Commerce and Insurance, and the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Economic Development, the Department of Commerce and Insurance, and the Department of Labor and Industrial Relations
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Public Safety and the Department of National Guard. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Public Safety and the Department of National Guard
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Corrections. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Corrections
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Mental Health, the Department of Health and Senior Services, and the Missouri Health Facilities Review Committee. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Mental Health, the Department of Health and Senior Services, and the Missouri Health Facilities Review Committee
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Social Services. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of the Department of Social Services
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of statewide elected officials, the Judiciary, the Office of the State Public Defender, and the General Assembly. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of statewide elected officials, the Judiciary, the Office of the State Public Defender, and the General Assembly
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for real property leases and related services. Description: Appropriates money for real property leases and related services
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for supplemental purposes. Description: Appropriates money for supplemental purposes
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for supplemental purposes. Description: Appropriates money for supplemental purposes
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for capital improvement. Description: Appropriates money for capital improvement
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of several departments and offices of state government. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, and distributions of several departments and offices of state government
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for planning and capital improvements for the several departments and offices of state government. Description: Appropriates money for planning and capital improvements for the several departments and offices of state government
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, distributions, purchase of equipment, planning expenses, capital improvement projects, and equipment or systems of the several departments and offices of state government. Description: Appropriates money for the expenses, grants, refunds, distributions, purchase of equipment, planning expenses, capital improvement projects, and equipment or systems of the several departments and offices of state government
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to video service providers. Description: Modifies provisions relating to video service providers
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to certain special taxing districts. Description: Modifies provisions relating to certain special taxing districts
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to the use of real property. Description: Establishes provisions relating to the use of real property
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to civil proceedings. Description: Modifies provisions relating to civil proceedings
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the collection of delinquent property taxes. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the collection of delinquent property taxes
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to health care benefits provided by certain organizations. Description: Creates provisions relating to health care benefits provided by certain organizations
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes the board of trustees of consolidated public library districts to establish the beginning and end dates of fiscal years. Description: Authorizes the board of trustees of consolidated public library districts to establish the beginning and end dates of fiscal years
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies powers of the state auditor. Description: Modifies powers of the state auditor
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies permit requirements and exemptions in relation to Missouri fertilizer and clean water laws. Description: Modifies permit requirements and exemptions in relation to Missouri fertilizer and clean water laws
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to an income tax deduction for broadband internet expansion grants. Description: Modifies provisions relating to an income tax deduction for broadband internet expansion grants
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to water exportation outside the state. Description: Creates provisions relating to water exportation outside the state
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Missouri Rural Access to Capital Act" to promote rural economic development. Description: Establishes the "Missouri Rural Access to Capital Act" to promote rural economic development
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the protection of children. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the protection of children
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to insurance coverage of pharmacy services. Description: Creates provisions relating to insurance coverage of pharmacy services
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Phases out the corporate income tax. Description: Phases out the corporate income tax
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relating to roadway signs. Description: Relating to roadway signs
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Exempts corporations contracted with the state to provide dental care in correctional centers from the requirements for corporation licensure to practice dentistry. Description: Exempts corporations contracted with the state to provide dental care in correctional centers from the requirements for corporation licensure to practice dentistry
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Building Permit Reform Act". Description: Establishes the "Building Permit Reform Act"
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions related to the virtual school program. Description: Modifies provisions related to the virtual school program
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the "Higher Education Core Curriculum Transfer Act". Description: Modifies the "Higher Education Core Curriculum Transfer Act"
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to health care. Description: Modifies provisions relating to health care
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates Branson as the "Live Entertainment Capital of Missouri". Description: Designates Branson as the "Live Entertainment Capital of Missouri"
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the licensing of persons performing funeral-related services. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the licensing of persons performing funeral-related services
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the "Waterways and Ports Trust Fund". Description: Modifies provisions relating to the "Waterways and Ports Trust Fund"
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits local governments from requiring private property owners to accept certain types of income.. Description: Prohibits local governments from requiring private property owners to accept certain types of income.
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to personal property tax valuations. Description: Modifies provisions relating to personal property tax valuations
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the board of trustees for the Missouri Local Government Employees' Retirement System (LAGERS). Description: Modifies provisions relating to the board of trustees for the Missouri Local Government Employees' Retirement System (LAGERS)
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to local homestead property tax credits. Description: Modifies provisions relating to local homestead property tax credits
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the regulation of insurance. Description: Relates to the regulation of insurance
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to financial statements of certain local governments. Description: Modifies provisions relating to financial statements of certain local governments
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the offenses of trafficking of drugs in the first and second degree. Description: Modifies the offenses of trafficking of drugs in the first and second degree
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to transactions involving secure identity verification. Description: Modifies provisions relating to transactions involving secure identity verification
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Provides for MO HealthNet coverage of hearing aids and cochlear implants. Description: Provides for MO HealthNet coverage of hearing aids and cochlear implants
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to electronic communications. Description: Modifies provisions relating to electronic communications
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to public funding of abortion facilities and affiliates and provisions relating to MO HealthNet providers. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public funding of abortion facilities and affiliates and provisions relating to MO HealthNet providers
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Marie's Law", which creates signage standards for state owned boat ramps in Lake of the Ozarks State Park. Description: Establishes "Marie's Law", which creates signage standards for state owned boat ramps in Lake of the Ozarks State Park
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes and modifies provisions relating to human trafficking. Description: Establishes and modifies provisions relating to human trafficking
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to criminal proceedings. Description: Modifies provisions relating to criminal proceedings
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions for the division of tourism supplemental revenue fund. Description: Modifies provisions for the division of tourism supplemental revenue fund
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies requirements related to certain pesticide labeling. Description: Modifies requirements related to certain pesticide labeling
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisons that relate to commercial transactions. Description: Modifies provisons that relate to commercial transactions
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes memorial bridge and highway designations. Description: Establishes memorial bridge and highway designations
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Protecting Missouri's Small Businesses Act", which changes the law regarding businesses closed because of a shutdown order. Description: Establishes the "Protecting Missouri's Small Businesses Act", which changes the law regarding businesses closed because of a shutdown order
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Creates and modifies provisions relating to elementary and secondary education. Description: Creates and modifies provisions relating to elementary and secondary education
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates and modifies provisions relating to gold and silver. Description: Creates and modifies provisions relating to gold and silver
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the State Treasurer. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the State Treasurer
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to reimbursement allowance taxes. Description: Modifies provisions relating to reimbursement allowance taxes
In 2024, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to distribution of 340B drugs. Description: Enacts provisions relating to distribution of 340B drugs
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to public safety. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public safety
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies a property tax credit for certain seniors. Description: Modifies a property tax credit for certain seniors
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to marriage. Description: Modifies provisions relating to marriage
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to business investment incentives. Description: Modifies provisions relating to business investment incentives
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to reinsurance and examinations of insurance companies. Description: Enacts provisions relating to reinsurance and examinations of insurance companies
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to financial transactions. Description: Modifies provisions relating to financial transactions
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the protection of vulnerable persons. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the protection of vulnerable persons
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the taxation of utility infrastructure. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the taxation of utility infrastructure
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the "Missing and Murdered African American Women Task Force". Description: Creates the "Missing and Murdered African American Women Task Force"
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the promotion of business development. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the promotion of business development
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to landlord-tenant actions, including eviction proceeding moratoriums and filings for transfers of real property with outstanding collectible judgments. Description: Modifies provisions relating to landlord-tenant actions, including eviction proceeding moratoriums and filings for transfers of real property with outstanding collectible judgments
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to pensions. Description: Modifies provisions relating to pensions
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to jails. Description: Modifies provisions relating to jails
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to state designations. Description: Enacts provisions relating to state designations
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to military affairs. Description: Modifies provisions relating to military affairs
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Missouri Geospatial Advisory Council. Description: Creates the Missouri Geospatial Advisory Council
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the regulation of child care. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the regulation of child care
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to cotton trailers. Description: Modifies provisions relating to cotton trailers
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Conveys certain state property. Description: Conveys certain state property
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies and creates new provisions relating to water resources. Description: Modifies and creates new provisions relating to water resources
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to financial institutions. Description: Modifies provisions relating to financial institutions
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to county officials. Description: Modifies provisions relating to county officials
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Authorizes a sales tax exemption for certain nuclear facilities. Description: Authorizes a sales tax exemption for certain nuclear facilities
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Designates "Dr Dan Brown Memorial Highway" in Phelps County. Description: Designates "Dr Dan Brown Memorial Highway" in Phelps County
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened and is in session ready for consideration of business. Description: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened and is in session ready for consideration of business
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Governor that the 102nd General Assembly, Second Regular Session, is organized and ready for business. Description: Informs the Governor that the 102nd General Assembly, Second Regular Session, is organized and ready for business
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Expresses support for Kansas citizens' spending in Missouri and their ability to relive Border War memories when they cross the border to attend 2024 University of Kansas football games at Arrowhead Stadium. Description: Expresses support for Kansas citizens' spending in Missouri and their ability to relive Border War memories when they cross the border to attend 2024 University of Kansas football games at Arrowhead Stadium
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Authorizes the use of the Senate Chamber for Missouri YMCA Youth and Government program. Description: Authorizes the use of the Senate Chamber for Missouri YMCA Youth and Government program
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Authorizes the use of the Senate Chamber for Missouri Youth Leadership. Description: Authorizes the use of the Senate Chamber for Missouri Youth Leadership
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Authorizes the use of the Senate Chamber for Silver Haired Legislature. Description: Authorizes the use of the Senate Chamber for Silver Haired Legislature
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Authorizes the use of the Senate Chamber for the American Legion Auxiliary. Description: Authorizes the use of the Senate Chamber for the American Legion Auxiliary
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session for the State of the State Address. Description: Convenes a joint session for the State of the State Address
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Expresses support for Israel and recognition of its special relationship with the United States. Description: Expresses support for Israel and recognition of its special relationship with the United States
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri. Description: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Celebrates the sister-state relationship between Missouri and Taiwan. Description: Celebrates the sister-state relationship between Missouri and Taiwan
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from Maor Elbaz-Starinsky, the Israeli Consul General in Miami, Florida. Description: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from Maor Elbaz-Starinsky, the Israeli Consul General in Miami, Florida
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from Director General Bill S.C. Huang, of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Denver, Colorado. Description: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from Director General Bill S.C. Huang, of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Denver, Colorado
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes every fourth Wednesday of February as "Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Awareness Day" in Missouri. Description: Establishes every fourth Wednesday of February as "Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Awareness Day" in Missouri
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the statewide mission of Missouri Southern State University. Description: Modifies the statewide mission of Missouri Southern State University
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Disapproves and suspends the final order of rule making for the proposed amendment to 5 CSR 20-100.230 regarding the Virtual Instruction Program. Description: Disapproves and suspends the final order of rule making for the proposed amendment to 5 CSR 20-100.230 regarding the Virtual Instruction Program
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes February 24 of each year as "SCN2A Awareness Day" in Missouri. Description: Establishes February 24 of each year as "SCN2A Awareness Day" in Missouri
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Proposes an amendment to the Constitution of Missouri to require Jackson County to have an elected county assessor instead of an unelected assessment department. Description: Proposes an amendment to the Constitution of Missouri to require Jackson County to have an elected county assessor instead of an unelected assessment department
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Proposes a constitutional amendment that modifies term limits for members of the general assembly. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment that modifies term limits for members of the general assembly
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Make numerous changes to the initiative petition process and to the process of approving constitutional amendments. Description: Make numerous changes to the initiative petition process and to the process of approving constitutional amendments
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies constitutional provisions about elections and voting. Description: Modifies constitutional provisions about elections and voting
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Proposes a constitutional amendment relating to certain sexual offenses involving children. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment relating to certain sexual offenses involving children
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to taxation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to taxation
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to elections. Description: Modifies provisions relating to elections
In 2024, Missouri passed a bill titled: Provides for the levying of certain costs and fees to support the salaries and benefits of sheriffs, prosecuting attorneys, and circuit attorneys. Description: Provides for the levying of certain costs and fees to support the salaries and benefits of sheriffs, prosecuting attorneys, and circuit attorneys
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to constitutional amendments. Description: Modifies provisions relating to constitutional amendments
In 2024, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Repeals expired, terminated, sunset, and obsolete sections and portions of sections. Description: Repeals expired, terminated, sunset, and obsolete sections and portions of sections
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATION BILL. Description: APPROPRIATION BILL
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding catalytic converters. Description: Changes the law regarding catalytic converters
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to licensure of certain professions. Description: Modifies provisions relating to licensure of certain professions
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding land surveys. Description: Changes the law regarding land surveys
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to school protection officers. Description: Modifies provisions relating to school protection officers
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Adds Perry County to the German Heritage Corridor. Description: Adds Perry County to the German Heritage Corridor
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the "Career Tech Certificate Program". Description: Creates the "Career Tech Certificate Program"
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to required background checks of individuals employed by or associated with licensed residential care facilities, child placing agencies, or residential care facilities. Description: Modifies provisions relating to required background checks of individuals employed by or associated with licensed residential care facilities, child placing agencies, or residential care facilities
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to animal chiropractic practitioners. Description: Modifies provisions relating to animal chiropractic practitioners
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to court automation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to court automation
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Representative Tom Hannegan Memorial Highway" in St. Charles County. Description: Establishes the "Representative Tom Hannegan Memorial Highway" in St. Charles County
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to licensing of health care professionals.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to licensing of health care professionals.
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to controlled substances. Description: Modifies provisions relating to controlled substances
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to offenders in custody. Description: Modifies provisions relating to offenders in custody
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Uniform Deployed Parents Custody and Visitation Act. Description: Establishes the Uniform Deployed Parents Custody and Visitation Act
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Stars and Stripes Historic Region. Description: Establishes the Stars and Stripes Historic Region
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Allows state employees to be paid biweekly. Description: Allows state employees to be paid biweekly
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Tasks the Missouri Veterans Commission with expanding its efforts to prevent veteran suicide. Description: Tasks the Missouri Veterans Commission with expanding its efforts to prevent veteran suicide
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Entertainment Industry Jobs Act. Description: Establishes the Entertainment Industry Jobs Act
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to environmental control.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to environmental control.
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits public institutions of higher learning from discriminating against a religious student association or denying a religious student association any benefit available to any other student association. Description: Prohibits public institutions of higher learning from discriminating against a religious student association or denying a religious student association any benefit available to any other student association
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to Missouri Conservation Heritage Foundation license plates. Description: Modifies provisions relating to Missouri Conservation Heritage Foundation license plates
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Provides a sales tax exemption for sales of certain medical devices. Description: Provides a sales tax exemption for sales of certain medical devices
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to workplace retirement savings plans. Description: Establishes provisions relating to workplace retirement savings plans
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes guidelines for student participation in athletic contests organized by sex. Description: Establishes guidelines for student participation in athletic contests organized by sex
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires political subdivisions that require the installation of electric vehicle charging stations at certain businesses to pay the costs associated with the installation, maintenance, and operation of such stations. Description: Requires political subdivisions that require the installation of electric vehicle charging stations at certain businesses to pay the costs associated with the installation, maintenance, and operation of such stations
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to ballot language relating to taxation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to ballot language relating to taxation
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to employment and creates new requirements relating to the verification of the immigration status of certain persons. Description: Modifies provisions relating to employment and creates new requirements relating to the verification of the immigration status of certain persons
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows for electronic notification to a victim or witness. Description: Allows for electronic notification to a victim or witness
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to motor vehicle inspection requirements prior to sale. Description: Modifies provisions relating to motor vehicle inspection requirements prior to sale
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows electrical corporations to charge for services based on the costs of certain construction work in progress. Description: Allows electrical corporations to charge for services based on the costs of certain construction work in progress
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes transfer procedures to nonresident districts for students in public schools. Description: Establishes transfer procedures to nonresident districts for students in public schools
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Regulatory Sandbox Act. Description: Establishes the Regulatory Sandbox Act
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding firearm concealed carry permits. Description: Changes the law regarding firearm concealed carry permits
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to patient examinations. Description: Creates provisions relating to patient examinations
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies and establishes provisions relating to public safety. Description: Modifies and establishes provisions relating to public safety
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to police officer retirement systems and surviving spouse retirement benefits. Description: Modifies provisions relating to police officer retirement systems and surviving spouse retirement benefits
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relates to facilities of historic significance.. Description: Relates to facilities of historic significance.
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding special road districts. Description: Changes the law regarding special road districts
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to income tax deductions for private pensions. Description: Modifies provisions relating to income tax deductions for private pensions
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the reemployment rights of members of Missouri Task Force One who are called to active duty. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the reemployment rights of members of Missouri Task Force One who are called to active duty
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to posting requirements for delinquent tax notices. Description: Modifies provisions relating to posting requirements for delinquent tax notices
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to health care. Description: Modifies provisions relating to health care
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the large animal veterinary student loan program. Description: Modifies the large animal veterinary student loan program
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires dealers to collect and remit sales tax on motor vehicle sales. Description: Requires dealers to collect and remit sales tax on motor vehicle sales
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Creating incentives for the purpose of encouraging certain individuals to obtain employment-related skills.. Description: Creating incentives for the purpose of encouraging certain individuals to obtain employment-related skills.
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to gender transition procedures. Description: Creates provisions relating to gender transition procedures
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to department of revenue and establishes the "License Office Distribution Fund". Description: Modifies provisions relating to department of revenue and establishes the "License Office Distribution Fund"
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes the board of trustees of consolidated public library districts to establish the beginning and end dates of fiscal years. Description: Authorizes the board of trustees of consolidated public library districts to establish the beginning and end dates of fiscal years
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to cost-sharing under health benefit plans. Description: Creates provisions relating to cost-sharing under health benefit plans
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relates to motor vehicle safety. Description: Relates to motor vehicle safety
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to duties of the department of elementary and secondary education. Description: Modifies provisions relating to duties of the department of elementary and secondary education
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Missouri Geospatial Advisory Council. Description: Creates the Missouri Geospatial Advisory Council
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to criminal offenses involving a child and statements made by a child or vulnerable person. Description: Modifies provisions relating to criminal offenses involving a child and statements made by a child or vulnerable person
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Broadband Development Council. Description: Establishes the Broadband Development Council
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relating to duties of the Department of Agriculture. Description: Relating to duties of the Department of Agriculture
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows state agencies to create incentive programs for employees. Description: Allows state agencies to create incentive programs for employees
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding industrial development corporations by terminating provisions applicable to only Lewis County. Description: Changes the law regarding industrial development corporations by terminating provisions applicable to only Lewis County
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Public Schools. Description: Relating to Public Schools
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to mail sent by state agencies. Description: Modifies provisions relating to mail sent by state agencies
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to motor fuel tax exemption. Description: Modifies provisions relating to motor fuel tax exemption
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to motor vehicle financial protection products. Description: Creates provisions relating to motor vehicle financial protection products
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to catalytic converters. Description: Modifies provisions relating to catalytic converters
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to a health professional loan repayment program. Description: Creates provisions relating to a health professional loan repayment program
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the towing of vehicles. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the towing of vehicles
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions related to gaming. Description: Modifies provisions related to gaming
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to deceased persons. Description: Modifies provisions relating to deceased persons
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to breast examinations. Description: Creates provisions relating to breast examinations
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the offense of interference with the transportation of livestock. Description: Establishes the offense of interference with the transportation of livestock
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding the terms and conditions of credit cards that lenders may offer. Description: Changes the laws regarding the terms and conditions of credit cards that lenders may offer
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to land bank agencies and the collection of delinquent property taxes. Description: Modifies provisions relating to land bank agencies and the collection of delinquent property taxes
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the Chapter 92 earnings tax. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the Chapter 92 earnings tax
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the confiscation of animals. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the confiscation of animals
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the Department of Natural Resources. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the Department of Natural Resources
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the Kansas City Police Department. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the Kansas City Police Department
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires the department of revenue to establish and maintain a system for online verification of motor vehicle insurance. Description: Requires the department of revenue to establish and maintain a system for online verification of motor vehicle insurance
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Repeals provisions relating to hemp extract. Description: Repeals provisions relating to hemp extract
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to video service providers. Description: Modifies provisions relating to video service providers
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to property and casualty insurance. Description: Modifies provisions relating to property and casualty insurance
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates a grant program for employers to enhance cybersecurity. Description: Creates a grant program for employers to enhance cybersecurity
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the RAP Back system. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the RAP Back system
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Show MO Act. Description: Establishes the Show MO Act
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows the Office of Child Advocate to disclose the identity of a complainant or recipient if requested by law enforcement as part of an investigation. Description: Allows the Office of Child Advocate to disclose the identity of a complainant or recipient if requested by law enforcement as part of an investigation
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the operation of certain law enforcement agencies. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the operation of certain law enforcement agencies
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions for initiative petitions and referendums. Description: Modifies provisions for initiative petitions and referendums
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to motor vehicle assessment valuations. Description: Modifies provisions relating to motor vehicle assessment valuations
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates methods for determining state aid for educational costs of children in state custody. Description: Designates methods for determining state aid for educational costs of children in state custody
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes provisions relating to education services. Description: Changes provisions relating to education services
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies and establishes offenses involving teller machines. Description: Modifies and establishes offenses involving teller machines
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to property rights. Description: Establishes provisions relating to property rights
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to background checks for employees and others associated with marijuana facilities. Description: Creates provisions relating to background checks for employees and others associated with marijuana facilities
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to cave inspection fees. Description: Modifies provisions relating to cave inspection fees
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to certificates of need. Description: Modifies provisions relating to certificates of need
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Extends fees for programs within the Department of Natural Resources. Description: Extends fees for programs within the Department of Natural Resources
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding advertisements and orders of publication in newspapers. Description: Changes the law regarding advertisements and orders of publication in newspapers
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Authorizes the conveyance of certain state property. Description: Authorizes the conveyance of certain state property
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to outdoor advertising. Description: Modifies provisions relating to outdoor advertising
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires the department of elementary and secondary education to develop a curriculum on personal finance to be used by school districts. Description: Requires the department of elementary and secondary education to develop a curriculum on personal finance to be used by school districts
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to state sales tax and corporate income tax rates with a revenue trigger. Description: Modifies provisions relating to state sales tax and corporate income tax rates with a revenue trigger
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes State Legislator Remembrance Month. Description: Establishes State Legislator Remembrance Month
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions related to the virtual school program. Description: Modifies provisions related to the virtual school program
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Freedoms Sentinel and Operation Allies Refuge Program which authorizes the issuance of a medallion, medal, and certificate to certain veterans who served in specified conflicts. Description: Establishes the Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Freedoms Sentinel and Operation Allies Refuge Program which authorizes the issuance of a medallion, medal, and certificate to certain veterans who served in specified conflicts
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relates to social objective scoring standards. Description: Relates to social objective scoring standards
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes the "Child Care Contribution Tax Credit Act", the "Employer-Provided Child Care Assistance Tax Credit Act", and the "Child Care Providers Tax Credit", and the Supporting Use of Child Care for Economic Stability and Security (SUCCESS) Tax Credit, relating to tax credits for child care. Description: Authorizes the "Child Care Contribution Tax Credit Act", the "Employer-Provided Child Care Assistance Tax Credit Act", and the "Child Care Providers Tax Credit", and the Supporting Use of Child Care for Economic Stability and Security (SUCCESS) Tax Credit, relating to tax credits for child care
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires the department of transportation to pay for all fees and costs associated with memorial sign designations on roads and bridges honoring deceased veterans, members of the armed forces who are missing in action, deceased firefighters, and deceased law enforcement officers. Description: Requires the department of transportation to pay for all fees and costs associated with memorial sign designations on roads and bridges honoring deceased veterans, members of the armed forces who are missing in action, deceased firefighters, and deceased law enforcement officers
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the Motor Vehicles. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the Motor Vehicles
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the powers of libraries. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the powers of libraries
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding the foreign ownership of real property. Description: Changes the laws regarding the foreign ownership of real property
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to lead poisoning. Description: Modifies provisions relating to lead poisoning
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions governing solid waste disposal area permits. Description: Modifies provisions governing solid waste disposal area permits
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to licensed child care facilities. Description: Modifies provisions relating to licensed child care facilities
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies privacy protections. Description: Modifies privacy protections
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies terms of active employee members of the Board of Trustees of the Missouri Department of Transportation and Highway Patrol Employees' Retirement System. Description: Modifies terms of active employee members of the Board of Trustees of the Missouri Department of Transportation and Highway Patrol Employees' Retirement System
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to cemeteries. Description: Modifies provisions relating to cemeteries
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to employee benefit plans. Description: Modifies provisions relating to employee benefit plans
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to moneys received from mineral products.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to moneys received from mineral products.
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to employment for persons with disabilities. Description: Modifies provisions relating to employment for persons with disabilities
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies and establishes provisions relating to judicial proceedings. Description: Modifies and establishes provisions relating to judicial proceedings
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions related to the operation of pet shops. Description: Creates provisions related to the operation of pet shops
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to the disclosures of identifiable information regarding certain children. Description: Establishes provisions relating to the disclosures of identifiable information regarding certain children
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Regarding law enforcement practices. Description: Regarding law enforcement practices
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to property and casualty insurance. Description: Modifies provisions relating to property and casualty insurance
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows subtractions from Missouri adjusted gross income for income received from certain transactions with beginning farmers. Description: Allows subtractions from Missouri adjusted gross income for income received from certain transactions with beginning farmers
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the placement of a child. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the placement of a child
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes the "Intern and Apprentice Recruitment Act", relating to a tax credit for employing interns and apprentices. Description: Authorizes the "Intern and Apprentice Recruitment Act", relating to a tax credit for employing interns and apprentices
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the membership of the Public Service Commission. Description: Modifies the membership of the Public Service Commission
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Uniform Child Abduction Prevention Act. Description: Establishes the Uniform Child Abduction Prevention Act
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions of the Personal Privacy Protection Act. Description: Modifies provisions of the Personal Privacy Protection Act
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to Disabled American Veterans license plates. Description: Modifies provisions relating to Disabled American Veterans license plates
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to mental health care. Description: Modifies provisions relating to mental health care
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the labeling of prescriptions. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the labeling of prescriptions
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to public safety. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public safety
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: State treasurer's ability to invest. Description: State treasurer's ability to invest
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires that an individual be deceased for five years before they can have a holiday named after them. Description: Requires that an individual be deceased for five years before they can have a holiday named after them
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding liens on stored property. Description: Changes the laws regarding liens on stored property
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to judicial proceedings. Description: Modifies provisions relating to judicial proceedings
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions for water service connection. Description: Modifies provisions for water service connection
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to a graduate medical education grant program. Description: Creates provisions relating to a graduate medical education grant program
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes exemptions from clean water law permitting requirements. Description: Establishes exemptions from clean water law permitting requirements
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the deadlines for filing a declaration of candidacy. Description: Modifies the deadlines for filing a declaration of candidacy
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding businesses closed because of a shutdown order. Description: Changes the law regarding businesses closed because of a shutdown order
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the promotion of business development. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the promotion of business development
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions regarding elementary and secondary education. Description: Modifies provisions regarding elementary and secondary education
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to financial institutions. Description: Modifies provisions relating to financial institutions
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to retirement. Description: Modifies provisions relating to retirement
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to public safety. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public safety
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to commerce. Description: Enacts provisions relating to commerce
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Creates new provisions relating to vulnerable persons. Description: Creates new provisions relating to vulnerable persons
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Authorizes an income tax deduction for certain federal grant money. Description: Authorizes an income tax deduction for certain federal grant money
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to access to public records of the Missouri highway patrol. Description: Modifies provisions relating to access to public records of the Missouri highway patrol
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Authorizes school districts and charter schools to offer elective social studies courses on the Hebrew Scriptures and the New Testament. Description: Authorizes school districts and charter schools to offer elective social studies courses on the Hebrew Scriptures and the New Testament
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to child custody and child support enforcement. Description: Modifies provisions relating to child custody and child support enforcement
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes guidelines for student participation in athletic contests organized by sex. Description: Establishes guidelines for student participation in athletic contests organized by sex
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to background checks. Description: Modifies provisions relating to background checks
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the administration of medications by pharmacists. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the administration of medications by pharmacists
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to health care. Description: Modifies provisions relating to health care
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to fees collected by the Department of Revenue. Description: Modifies provisions relating to fees collected by the Department of Revenue
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes the "Missouri Save Adolescents from Experimentation (SAFE) Act" and modifies provisions relating to public funding of certain gender transition procedures. Description: Establishes the "Missouri Save Adolescents from Experimentation (SAFE) Act" and modifies provisions relating to public funding of certain gender transition procedures
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to physical therapists. Description: Modifies provisions relating to physical therapists
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to motor vehicles. Description: Enacts provisions relating to motor vehicles
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Creates new provisions relating to financial institutions. Description: Creates new provisions relating to financial institutions
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to license reciprocity and adopts the Counseling Interstate Compact for professional counselors. Description: Modifies provisions relating to license reciprocity and adopts the Counseling Interstate Compact for professional counselors
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to judicial proceedings. Description: Modifies provisions relating to judicial proceedings
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to retirement systems. Description: Modifies provisions relating to retirement systems
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Missouri Statewide Mechanical Contractors Licensing Act. Description: Establishes the Missouri Statewide Mechanical Contractors Licensing Act
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to public assistance. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public assistance
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to professional licensing. Description: Modifies provisions relating to professional licensing
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to tax credits. Description: Modifies provisions relating to tax credits
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes tax credits for the production of certain entertainment. Description: Establishes tax credits for the production of certain entertainment
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to votes in political subdivisions. Description: Modifies provisions relating to votes in political subdivisions
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates and modifies provisions relating to gold and silver. Description: Creates and modifies provisions relating to gold and silver
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to property and casualty insurance. Description: Enacts provisions relating to property and casualty insurance
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to judicial proceedings. Description: Modifies provisions relating to judicial proceedings
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to public health. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public health
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to mining. Description: Modifies provisions relating to mining
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the administration of state employees. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the administration of state employees
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the practice of veterinary medicine. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the practice of veterinary medicine
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the disposition of the dead. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the disposition of the dead
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to public safety. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public safety
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes excusal from attendance at an elementary and secondary school if the child is unable to attend due to mental or behavioral health concerns. Description: Authorizes excusal from attendance at an elementary and secondary school if the child is unable to attend due to mental or behavioral health concerns
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to state designations marked by the Department of Transportation. Description: Enacts provisions relating to state designations marked by the Department of Transportation
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to costs and fees in divorce proceedings. Description: Modifies provisions relating to costs and fees in divorce proceedings
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to child custody and child support enforcement. Description: Modifies provisions relating to child custody and child support enforcement
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to taxation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to taxation
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to taxation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to taxation
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies and creates new provisions relating to agriculture. Description: Modifies and creates new provisions relating to agriculture
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to state designations. Description: Enacts provisions relating to state designations
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes a tax credit for grocery stores in a food desert. Description: Establishes a tax credit for grocery stores in a food desert
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to street light maintenance districts. Description: Modifies provisions relating to street light maintenance districts
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates and modifies requirements for certain legislative and administrative instrumentalities. Description: Creates and modifies requirements for certain legislative and administrative instrumentalities
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to professions requiring licensure. Description: Modifies provisions relating to professions requiring licensure
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Specifies the means by which a medical examiner's certificate may be provided to the state when applying for a commercial driver's license or instruction permit. Description: Specifies the means by which a medical examiner's certificate may be provided to the state when applying for a commercial driver's license or instruction permit
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to contractual agreements. Description: Enacts provisions relating to contractual agreements
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to public safety. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public safety
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Commercial Financing Disclosure Act. Description: Creates the Commercial Financing Disclosure Act
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to tax relief for seniors. Description: Modifies provisions relating to tax relief for seniors
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to vulnerable persons. Description: Modifies provisions relating to vulnerable persons
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions regarding adult high schools. Description: Modifies provisions regarding adult high schools
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the protection of children. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the protection of children
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to political subdivisions. Description: Modifies provisions relating to political subdivisions
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the culpable mental state necessary for a homicide offense. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the culpable mental state necessary for a homicide offense
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the office of the public defender. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the office of the public defender
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to taxation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to taxation
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies multiple provisions relating to ethics. Description: Modifies multiple provisions relating to ethics
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Waterways and Ports Trust Fund". Description: Establishes the "Waterways and Ports Trust Fund"
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Provides a sales tax exemption for the production of electricity. Description: Provides a sales tax exemption for the production of electricity
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to motor vehicles. Description: Enacts provisions relating to motor vehicles
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates and modifies provisions relating to elementary and secondary education. Description: Creates and modifies provisions relating to elementary and secondary education
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to members of the armed forces. Description: Modifies provisions relating to members of the armed forces
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits the Governor and the Adjutant General from imposing a COVID-19 vaccination on Missouri National Guard members. Description: Prohibits the Governor and the Adjutant General from imposing a COVID-19 vaccination on Missouri National Guard members
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Temporary Rules of the House of Representatives for the 102nd General Assembly. Description: Temporary Rules of the House of Representatives for the 102nd General Assembly
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes the elected permanent officers of the 102nd General Assembly. Description: Establishes the elected permanent officers of the 102nd General Assembly
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened, has elected its officers, and is in session ready for consideration of business. Description: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened, has elected its officers, and is in session ready for consideration of business
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Governor that the 102nd General Assembly, First Regular Session, is organized and ready for business. Description: Informs the Governor that the 102nd General Assembly, First Regular Session, is organized and ready for business
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation for the Secretary of State. Description: Expresses appreciation for the Secretary of State
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation for W. Brent Powell of the Missouri Supreme Court for administering the oath. Description: Expresses appreciation for W. Brent Powell of the Missouri Supreme Court for administering the oath
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Rules of the House of Representatives for the 102nd General Assembly. Description: Rules of the House of Representatives for the 102nd General Assembly
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Urges Missouri to oppose federal rules or regulations requiring companies to disclose climate change risk. Description: Urges Missouri to oppose federal rules or regulations requiring companies to disclose climate change risk
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Committee on Ethics Rules of Procedure. Description: Committee on Ethics Rules of Procedure
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Use of Chamber for Silver Haired Legislature. Description: Use of Chamber for Silver Haired Legislature
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes April 8, 2024 as "Total Eclipse Day" in Missouri. Description: Establishes April 8, 2024 as "Total Eclipse Day" in Missouri
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies Senate Rules 6, 25, and 28 relating to standing committees of the Senate. Description: Modifies Senate Rules 6, 25, and 28 relating to standing committees of the Senate
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Use of Chamber for Missouri Girls State Program. Description: Use of Chamber for Missouri Girls State Program
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Use of Chamber for Missouri Youth Leadership Forum for students with Disabilities. Description: Use of Chamber for Missouri Youth Leadership Forum for students with Disabilities
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Use of Chamber for Missouri YMCA Youth and Government program. Description: Use of Chamber for Missouri YMCA Youth and Government program
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session for the State of the State Address. Description: Convenes a joint session for the State of the State Address
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri. Description: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the America 250 Missouri Commission. Description: Creates the America 250 Missouri Commission
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Urges a joint investigation to determine any monetary compensation for contamination from radioactive waste and requests the Missouri Congressional delegation to expand the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act. Description: Urges a joint investigation to determine any monetary compensation for contamination from radioactive waste and requests the Missouri Congressional delegation to expand the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes February 24 of each year as "SCN2A Awareness Day" in Missouri. Description: Establishes February 24 of each year as "SCN2A Awareness Day" in Missouri
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Creates the America 250 Missouri Commission. Description: Creates the America 250 Missouri Commission
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Proposes a constitutional amendment to assert the right of Missourians to hunt and fish. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to assert the right of Missourians to hunt and fish
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Proposes a constitutional amendment relating to real property tax assessments. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment relating to real property tax assessments
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Proposes a constitutional amendment modifying provisions relating to revenue derived from highway users that is deposited into the state road fund. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment modifying provisions relating to revenue derived from highway users that is deposited into the state road fund
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies requirements for amending the constitution. Description: Modifies requirements for amending the constitution
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to taxation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to taxation
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies constitutional provisions about election and voting. Description: Modifies constitutional provisions about election and voting
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes counties to freeze the real property assessed values of certain senior citizens. Description: Authorizes counties to freeze the real property assessed values of certain senior citizens
In 2023, Missouri passed a bill titled: Authorizes a property tax exemption for certain property used for childcare. Description: Authorizes a property tax exemption for certain property used for childcare
In 2023, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to property taxes. Description: Modifies provisions relating to property taxes
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to health care. Description: Modifies provisions relating to health care
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Extends the sunset on certain health care provider federal reimbursement allowances and modifies provisions relating to certain family planning health care services. Description: Extends the sunset on certain health care provider federal reimbursement allowances and modifies provisions relating to certain family planning health care services
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Governor and the Senate that the House is convened for the 2021 First Extraordinary Session. Description: Informs the Governor and the Senate that the House is convened for the 2021 First Extraordinary Session
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: NO TITLE. Description: NO TITLE
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies requirements for meeting notices and minutes of open meetings. Description: Modifies requirements for meeting notices and minutes of open meetings
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Adds all public employee retirement systems and quasi-governmental entity employee salaries to the government accountability portal. Description: Adds all public employee retirement systems and quasi-governmental entity employee salaries to the government accountability portal
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows concealed carrying of firearms on public transportation systems and transporting nonfunctional or unloaded firearms on public buses. Description: Allows concealed carrying of firearms on public transportation systems and transporting nonfunctional or unloaded firearms on public buses
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes provisions to protect personal information of active and retired first responders. Description: Establishes provisions to protect personal information of active and retired first responders
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the state department of defense. Description: Creates the state department of defense
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the definition of "intoxicating liquor". Description: Modifies the definition of "intoxicating liquor"
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to property tax. Description: Modifies provisions relating to property tax
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding certain metals. Description: Changes the law regarding certain metals
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to public health. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public health
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the abandonment of newborn children. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the abandonment of newborn children
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes the "Second Amendment Preservation Act," which creates additional protections to the right to bear arms. Description: Establishes the "Second Amendment Preservation Act," which creates additional protections to the right to bear arms
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes a Negro Leagues Baseball Museum special license plate. Description: Establishes a Negro Leagues Baseball Museum special license plate
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes provisions related to funding for charter schools. Description: Changes provisions related to funding for charter schools
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires the department of natural resources to assist permit applicants throughout the permitting process. Description: Requires the department of natural resources to assist permit applicants throughout the permitting process
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding requirements of lodging establishments. Description: Changes the laws regarding requirements of lodging establishments
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relates to alternative elementary and secondary educational opportunities. Description: Relates to alternative elementary and secondary educational opportunities
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires the department of revenue to establish a system in which persons who own multiple farm vehicles can elect to have the vehicles placed on the same registration renewal schedule. Description: Requires the department of revenue to establish a system in which persons who own multiple farm vehicles can elect to have the vehicles placed on the same registration renewal schedule
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding compensation for serving on a county planning commission or county board of zoning adjustment. Description: Changes the law regarding compensation for serving on a county planning commission or county board of zoning adjustment
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the compensation of jurors. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the compensation of jurors
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding entities registered with the Secretary of State. Description: Changes the laws regarding entities registered with the Secretary of State
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes procedures relating to counties. Description: Establishes procedures relating to counties
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates the Missouri National Guard Armory in Joplin as the "Sergeant Robert Wayne Crow Jr. Memorial Armory". Description: Designates the Missouri National Guard Armory in Joplin as the "Sergeant Robert Wayne Crow Jr. Memorial Armory"
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provision for closed meetings of governmental bodies. Description: Modifies provision for closed meetings of governmental bodies
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Adds specified elected officals and government employees to the list of persons whose motor vehicle and driver's license records are to be kept confidential. Description: Adds specified elected officals and government employees to the list of persons whose motor vehicle and driver's license records are to be kept confidential
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates August 31 as Random Acts of Kindness Day in Missouri. Description: Designates August 31 as Random Acts of Kindness Day in Missouri
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Permits recording of IEP or Section 504 meetings by a student's parent or legal guardian. Description: Permits recording of IEP or Section 504 meetings by a student's parent or legal guardian
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding telecommunication practices. Description: Changes the laws regarding telecommunication practices
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Extends the authorization of AIM Zones until 2031. Description: Extends the authorization of AIM Zones until 2031
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes certain cities to levy a transient guest tax or food tax upon voter approval. Description: Authorizes certain cities to levy a transient guest tax or food tax upon voter approval
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: This bill relates to elementary and secondary education. Description: This bill relates to elementary and secondary education
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires drivers on a public highway to stop for certified Head Start buses. Description: Requires drivers on a public highway to stop for certified Head Start buses
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows electrical corporations to charge for services based on the costs of certain construction work in progress. Description: Allows electrical corporations to charge for services based on the costs of certain construction work in progress
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires designations of veteran status to be placed on the front of official driver's licenses and ID cards. Description: Requires designations of veteran status to be placed on the front of official driver's licenses and ID cards
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding local government. Description: Changes the laws regarding local government
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to professional registration. Description: Modifies provisions relating to professional registration
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the definition of "stalking" as it relates to adult abuse. Description: Modifies the definition of "stalking" as it relates to adult abuse
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Peace Officer Basic Training Tuition Reimbursement Program". Description: Establishes the "Peace Officer Basic Training Tuition Reimbursement Program"
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies definition of "surviving spouse" as it relates to state personnel law. Description: Modifies definition of "surviving spouse" as it relates to state personnel law
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Institutions of Higher Education. Description: Institutions of Higher Education
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Extends the option to donate income tax refunds to the Missouri National Guard Foundation Fund. Description: Extends the option to donate income tax refunds to the Missouri National Guard Foundation Fund
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions of law relating to child custody arrangements. Description: Modifies provisions of law relating to child custody arrangements
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relating to expanding choices for educational opportunities.. Description: Relating to expanding choices for educational opportunities.
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies certain vehicle laws to include electric bicycles. Description: Modifies certain vehicle laws to include electric bicycles
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires any person who has pled guilty to or been found guilty of driving while intoxicated to complete a victim impact program approved by the court. Description: Requires any person who has pled guilty to or been found guilty of driving while intoxicated to complete a victim impact program approved by the court
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the reemployment rights of members of Missouri Task Force One who are called to active duty. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the reemployment rights of members of Missouri Task Force One who are called to active duty
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes provisions relating to elementary and secondary education. Description: Changes provisions relating to elementary and secondary education
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions for initiative petitions and referendums. Description: Modifies provisions for initiative petitions and referendums
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies several provisions relating elections. Description: Modifies several provisions relating elections
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding land surveys. Description: Changes the laws regarding land surveys
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the enforcement of arbitration awards and intervention in court proceedings for insurance companies. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the enforcement of arbitration awards and intervention in court proceedings for insurance companies
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes the "Missouri Empowerment Scholarship Accounts Program.". Description: Establishes the "Missouri Empowerment Scholarship Accounts Program."
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates new provisions relating to the sale of kratom products. Description: Creates new provisions relating to the sale of kratom products
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding prison canteen funds. Description: Changes the laws regarding prison canteen funds
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the electronic transfer of workers' compensation benefits. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the electronic transfer of workers' compensation benefits
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows cottage food production operations to sell food over the internet. Description: Allows cottage food production operations to sell food over the internet
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to Government Transparency. Description: Modifies provisions relating to Government Transparency
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies the provisions related to land management.. Description: Modifies the provisions related to land management.
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to the dispensing of HIV preexposure and postexposure prophylaxis. Description: Creates provisions relating to the dispensing of HIV preexposure and postexposure prophylaxis
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the list of vehicles that may use or display fixed, flashing, or rotating red or red and blue lights. Description: Modifies the list of vehicles that may use or display fixed, flashing, or rotating red or red and blue lights
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding county financial statements. Description: Changes the law regarding county financial statements
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the workers' compensation Second Injury Fund. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the workers' compensation Second Injury Fund
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to seclusion and restraint policies in public schools. Description: Modifies provisions relating to seclusion and restraint policies in public schools
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Provides that Missouri National Guard members be treated as state employees for certain purposes. Description: Provides that Missouri National Guard members be treated as state employees for certain purposes
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes the department of natural resources to purchase a certain historic cemetery. Description: Authorizes the department of natural resources to purchase a certain historic cemetery
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Prohibits publishing of the names of lottery winners. Description: Prohibits publishing of the names of lottery winners
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates April as Limb Loss Awareness Month. Description: Designates April as Limb Loss Awareness Month
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to child placement. Description: Relating to child placement
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to benevolent tax credits. Description: Modifies provisions relating to benevolent tax credits
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to the protection of vulnerable persons. Description: Relating to the protection of vulnerable persons
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relating to cemeteries.. Description: Relating to cemeteries.
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding special road districts. Description: Changes the law regarding special road districts
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates the St. Louis Arch as the official state monument. Description: Designates the St. Louis Arch as the official state monument
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates the second Wednesday in May as "Celiac Awareness Day". Description: Designates the second Wednesday in May as "Celiac Awareness Day"
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the professional registration of dietitians. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the professional registration of dietitians
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to professional registration. Description: Modifies provisions relating to professional registration
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the provisions relating to utilities.. Description: Changes the provisions relating to utilities.
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to telemedicine. Description: Modifies provisions relating to telemedicine
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Missouri Statewide Mechanical Contractor Licensing Act. Description: Establishes the Missouri Statewide Mechanical Contractor Licensing Act
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions excursion gambling boat. Description: Modifies provisions excursion gambling boat
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to feral swine. Description: Modifies provisions relating to feral swine
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates May 1 each year as Walthall Moore Day in Missouri. Description: Designates May 1 each year as Walthall Moore Day in Missouri
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions for eminent domain for utility purposes. Description: Modifies provisions for eminent domain for utility purposes
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes a minimum biodiesel fuel content mandate for diesel fuel sold or offered for sale in Missouri. Description: Establishes a minimum biodiesel fuel content mandate for diesel fuel sold or offered for sale in Missouri
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to criminal offenses. Description: Modifies provisions relating to criminal offenses
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to intoxicating liquor. Description: Modifies provisions relating to intoxicating liquor
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact. Description: Establishes the Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes transfer procedures to nonresident districts for students in public schools. Description: Establishes transfer procedures to nonresident districts for students in public schools
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to alcoholic beverages. Description: Modifies provisions relating to alcoholic beverages
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to the admissibility of certain witness statements. Description: Establishes provisions relating to the admissibility of certain witness statements
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Specifies that no political subdivision can require its employees to reside within a jurisdiction. Description: Specifies that no political subdivision can require its employees to reside within a jurisdiction
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to taxation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to taxation
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Imposes naming requirements for ballot measures. Description: Imposes naming requirements for ballot measures
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to the protection of children. Description: Establishes provisions relating to the protection of children
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes the city of Springfield to create a land bank. Description: Authorizes the city of Springfield to create a land bank
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows motor vehicles to turn left on red light when turning onto a one-way street. Description: Allows motor vehicles to turn left on red light when turning onto a one-way street
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Prohibits the inspection of certain grounds or facilities in Missouri to enforce the laws of a state other than Missouri. Description: Prohibits the inspection of certain grounds or facilities in Missouri to enforce the laws of a state other than Missouri
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the motor vehicle biennial registration option so that all motor vehicles, regardless of model year, have a two-year registration option. Description: Modifies the motor vehicle biennial registration option so that all motor vehicles, regardless of model year, have a two-year registration option
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires an audit of all state departments every four years. Description: Requires an audit of all state departments every four years
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes the next-of-kin of a deceased person to delegate control of the final disposition of the remains. Description: Authorizes the next-of-kin of a deceased person to delegate control of the final disposition of the remains
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating public health. Description: Modifies provisions relating public health
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows personal delivery devices to operate on sidewalks and roadways. Description: Allows personal delivery devices to operate on sidewalks and roadways
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions regarding the regulation of insurance. Description: Modifies provisions regarding the regulation of insurance
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Show Me Success Diploma Program as an alternative graduation pathway for high school students. Description: Establishes the Show Me Success Diploma Program as an alternative graduation pathway for high school students
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes a children's savings account program. Description: Establishes a children's savings account program
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates June as "Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month". Description: Designates June as "Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month"
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to employment security benefits. Description: Modifies provisions relating to employment security benefits
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions of the sunshine law by adding utility customer information to closed records. Description: Modifies provisions of the sunshine law by adding utility customer information to closed records
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to special license plates for Boy Scouts of America. Description: Modifies provisions relating to special license plates for Boy Scouts of America
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to transportation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to transportation
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Repeals the Missouri State Archives-St. Louis Trust Fund. Description: Repeals the Missouri State Archives-St. Louis Trust Fund
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the necessary mental state for a homicide offense. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the necessary mental state for a homicide offense
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Specifies the areas in a courthouse where a judge or county commission may establish rules. Description: Specifies the areas in a courthouse where a judge or county commission may establish rules
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits public institutions of higher education from requiring students to live on campus, except for first-year freshmen who may be required to live in campus housing for their first year. Description: Prohibits public institutions of higher education from requiring students to live on campus, except for first-year freshmen who may be required to live in campus housing for their first year
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Changes the requirements to run for certain public office. Description: Changes the requirements to run for certain public office
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Exempts new motor vehicles from certain inspection requirements. Description: Exempts new motor vehicles from certain inspection requirements
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes a tax credit for certain physicians providing preceptorships. Description: Authorizes a tax credit for certain physicians providing preceptorships
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions for property assessment contracts for energy efficiency. Description: Modifies provisions for property assessment contracts for energy efficiency
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to retirement systems. Description: Modifies provisions relating to retirement systems
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relating to Workforce Development and Education. Description: Relating to Workforce Development and Education
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to utilities. Description: Modifies provisions relating to utilities
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies several provisions relating to elections. Description: Modifies several provisions relating to elections
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the duration of certain orders of protection. Description: Modifies the duration of certain orders of protection
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies requirements for retaining legislative employees when the general assembly is not in session. Description: Modifies requirements for retaining legislative employees when the general assembly is not in session
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding newspapers. Description: Changes the law regarding newspapers
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits certain charges to customers by public water supply districts and metropolitan water supply districts. Description: Prohibits certain charges to customers by public water supply districts and metropolitan water supply districts
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows the speaker of the house of representatives and the president pro tempore of the senate to appoint marshals. Description: Allows the speaker of the house of representatives and the president pro tempore of the senate to appoint marshals
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to teacher and school employee retirement systems. Description: Modifies provisions relating to teacher and school employee retirement systems
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies which properties are eligible for financial institutions.. Description: Modifies which properties are eligible for financial institutions.
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the offense of mail theft. Description: Establishes the offense of mail theft
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to payments for prescription drugs. Description: Creates provisions relating to payments for prescription drugs
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to utilities.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to utilities.
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to peace officer licensure. Description: Modifies provisions relating to peace officer licensure
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Daylight Saving as New Standard Time Pact". Description: Establishes the "Daylight Saving as New Standard Time Pact"
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Capitol Complex Tax Credit Act. Description: Establishes the Capitol Complex Tax Credit Act
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions for ballot summary language adopted by the general assembly. Description: Modifies provisions for ballot summary language adopted by the general assembly
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates the "US Navy SEAL Scotty Wirtz Memorial Highway" in Lake St. Louis. Description: Designates the "US Navy SEAL Scotty Wirtz Memorial Highway" in Lake St. Louis
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding financial institutions. Description: Changes the laws regarding financial institutions
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the law regarding firearms.. Description: Changes the law regarding firearms.
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Extends the sunsets on certain tax credits related to agricultural purposes. Description: Extends the sunsets on certain tax credits related to agricultural purposes
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Exempts federal economic impact payments from state income tax. Description: Exempts federal economic impact payments from state income tax
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to covenants involving business entities. Description: Modifies provisions relating to covenants involving business entities
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Personal Privacy Protection Act. Description: Creates the Personal Privacy Protection Act
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates the first full week in May each year as tardive dyskinesia awareness week. Description: Designates the first full week in May each year as tardive dyskinesia awareness week
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the Missouri Works Program by making certain retailers in third and fourth counties eligible for the program. Description: Changes the Missouri Works Program by making certain retailers in third and fourth counties eligible for the program
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates criminal penalties for certain offenses committed against a body of the General Assembly. Description: Creates criminal penalties for certain offenses committed against a body of the General Assembly
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates a new provision relating to immunity from liability for inherent risks of camping on private campgrounds. Description: Creates a new provision relating to immunity from liability for inherent risks of camping on private campgrounds
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to unemployment compensation benefit overpayments. Description: Modifies provisions relating to unemployment compensation benefit overpayments
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the protection of children. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the protection of children
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding state contracts, taxation, non-compete agreements, and the Department of Economic Development. Description: Changes the laws regarding state contracts, taxation, non-compete agreements, and the Department of Economic Development
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Missouri Cybersecurity Commission". Description: Establishes the "Missouri Cybersecurity Commission"
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Joint Committee on Federal Government Oversight to review presidential orders and declare them unconstitutional. Description: Creates the Joint Committee on Federal Government Oversight to review presidential orders and declare them unconstitutional
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: State fiscal management. Description: State fiscal management
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to court proceedings. Description: Modifies provisions relating to court proceedings
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to contagious diseases. Description: Creates provisions relating to contagious diseases
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the Missouri Works program. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the Missouri Works program
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to transportation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to transportation
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to taxation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to taxation
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to insurance. Description: Enacts provisions relating to insurance
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to prisoner complaints against a psychologist's license. Description: Modifies provisions relating to prisoner complaints against a psychologist's license
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to tax increment financing. Description: Modifies provisions relating to tax increment financing
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to public safety. Description: Creates provisions relating to public safety
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to political subdivisions. Description: Modifies provisions relating to political subdivisions
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to insurance. Description: Modifies provisions relating to insurance
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes the Capitol Complex Tax Credit Act. Description: Establishes the Capitol Complex Tax Credit Act
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to agriculture. Description: Modifies provisions relating to agriculture
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to transportation. Description: Enacts provisions relating to transportation
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to natural resources. Description: Modifies provisions relating to natural resources
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to hearing aids covered by health benefit plans. Description: Enacts provisions relating to hearing aids covered by health benefit plans
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions related to utilities. Description: Modifies provisions related to utilities
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Creates new provisions relating to certain firefighters who contracted certain types of cancer as a result of employment as a firefighter. Description: Creates new provisions relating to certain firefighters who contracted certain types of cancer as a result of employment as a firefighter
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to transportation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to transportation
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to public safety. Description: Modifies provisions relating to public safety
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to civil actions arising from COVID-19 pandemic. Description: Establishes provisions relating to civil actions arising from COVID-19 pandemic
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the administration of justice. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the administration of justice
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to funding to certain organizations to deter criminal behavior. Description: Modifies provisions relating to funding to certain organizations to deter criminal behavior
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the monitoring of certain controlled substances. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the monitoring of certain controlled substances
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions of law relating to health care. Description: Modifies provisions of law relating to health care
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies several provisions relating to civil proceedings. Description: Modifies several provisions relating to civil proceedings
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Creates a number of state designations, memorial highways, and the Missouri Medal of Honor Recipients Fund. Description: Creates a number of state designations, memorial highways, and the Missouri Medal of Honor Recipients Fund
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to certain state employees. Description: Modifies provisions relating to certain state employees
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Creates new provisions prohibiting the use of public funds to influence elections. Description: Creates new provisions prohibiting the use of public funds to influence elections
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to transportation. Description: Enacts provisions relating to transportation
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits certain offenders of sex crimes from being near certain properties. Description: Prohibits certain offenders of sex crimes from being near certain properties
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome Awareness Day" in Missouri. Description: Establishes "Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome Awareness Day" in Missouri
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies various provisions relating to financial institutions. Description: Modifies various provisions relating to financial institutions
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates provisions relating to telecommunications. Description: Creates provisions relating to telecommunications
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to judicial proceedings. Description: Modifies provisions relating to judicial proceedings
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to military affairs. Description: Modifies provisions relating to military affairs
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the sale of intoxicating liquor. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the sale of intoxicating liquor
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the operation of canteens and commissaries by correctional centers. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the operation of canteens and commissaries by correctional centers
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to utilities. Description: Modifies provisions relating to utilities
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions related to education. Description: Modifies provisions related to education
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to taxation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to taxation
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to emerging technologies. Description: Enacts provisions relating to emerging technologies
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Creates a Negro Leagues Baseball Museum special license plate. Description: Creates a Negro Leagues Baseball Museum special license plate
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to electrical corporations. Description: Modifies provisions relating to electrical corporations
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the Department of Corrections, the Division of Probation and Parole, and the Parole Board. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the Department of Corrections, the Division of Probation and Parole, and the Parole Board
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates procedures for the appointment of commissioners to a convention called under Article V of the U.S. Constitution. Description: Creates procedures for the appointment of commissioners to a convention called under Article V of the U.S. Constitution
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to military affairs, including classification of National Guard members and designations for members of the military. Description: Modifies provisions relating to military affairs, including classification of National Guard members and designations for members of the military
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to transportation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to transportation
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits the publishing of identifying information of lottery winners. Description: Prohibits the publishing of identifying information of lottery winners
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to liquor sales. Description: Modifies provisions relating to liquor sales
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to peace officer licensure. Description: Modifies provisions relating to peace officer licensure
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies various provisions relating to workers' compensation. Description: Modifies various provisions relating to workers' compensation
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the suspension of licenses for failure to comply with a child support order. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the suspension of licenses for failure to comply with a child support order
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows school districts to offer elective social studies courses on the Hebrew Scriptures and the New Testament. Description: Allows school districts to offer elective social studies courses on the Hebrew Scriptures and the New Testament
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to child protection. Description: Modifies provisions relating to child protection
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Adopts the Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact. Description: Adopts the Occupational Therapy Licensure Compact
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to nonprofit organizations. Description: Modifies provisions relating to nonprofit organizations
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows county assessors to send personal property tax lists in electronic form. Description: Allows county assessors to send personal property tax lists in electronic form
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to liability of a landowners. Description: Modifies provisions relating to liability of a landowners
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to health care. Description: Modifies provisions relating to health care
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to child care. Description: Modifies provisions relating to child care
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the designation of memorial infrastructure. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the designation of memorial infrastructure
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Temporary Rules of the House of Representatives for the 101st General Assembly. Description: Temporary Rules of the House of Representatives for the 101st General Assembly
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes the elected permanent officers of the 101st General Assembly. Description: Establishes the elected permanent officers of the 101st General Assembly
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened, has elected its officers, and is in session ready for consideration of business. Description: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened, has elected its officers, and is in session ready for consideration of business
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Governor that the 101st General Assembly, First Regular Session, is organized and ready for business. Description: Informs the Governor that the 101st General Assembly, First Regular Session, is organized and ready for business
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation for the Secretary of State. Description: Expresses appreciation for the Secretary of State
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation for Mary R. Russell of the Missouri Supreme Court for administering the oath. Description: Expresses appreciation for Mary R. Russell of the Missouri Supreme Court for administering the oath
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Rules of the 101st General Assembly. Description: Rules of the 101st General Assembly
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Temporary rule designating a four-hour time limitation on floor debate allowed for the purpose of discussing House Ethics Complaint No. 20-001. Description: Temporary rule designating a four-hour time limitation on floor debate allowed for the purpose of discussing House Ethics Complaint No. 20-001
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Committee on Ethics Rules of Procedure. Description: Committee on Ethics Rules of Procedure
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Allows the House of Representatives to employ such employees as necessary between May 14, 2021, and January 5, 2022, to perform the duties of the House. Description: Allows the House of Representatives to employ such employees as necessary between May 14, 2021, and January 5, 2022, to perform the duties of the House
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies Senate Rules 6, 25, 28, 88 and 96. Description: Modifies Senate Rules 6, 25, 28, 88 and 96
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes rates of pay for Senate employees. Description: Establishes rates of pay for Senate employees
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies Senate Rule 25 regarding the number of members on the Committee on Appropriations. Description: Modifies Senate Rule 25 regarding the number of members on the Committee on Appropriations
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Designates the week of May 2, 2021, as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in Missouri. Description: Designates the week of May 2, 2021, as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in Missouri
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to use of the chamber for Missouri Girls State. Description: Relating to use of the chamber for Missouri Girls State
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to use of the chamber for Missouri YMCA Youth in Government. Description: Relating to use of the chamber for Missouri YMCA Youth in Government
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to use of the chamber for the Silver Haired Legislature. Description: Relating to use of the chamber for the Silver Haired Legislature
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Brief Description. Description: Brief Description
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Formally denounces the infamous Dred Scott decision. Description: Formally denounces the infamous Dred Scott decision
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session for the State of the State Address. Description: Convenes a joint session for the State of the State Address
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri. Description: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Approves the statewide mission designation in STEM for Harris-Stowe State University. Description: Approves the statewide mission designation in STEM for Harris-Stowe State University
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: Calls for an Article V convention of the states to propose amendments to the United States Constitution placing limits on the federal government. Description: Calls for an Article V convention of the states to propose amendments to the United States Constitution placing limits on the federal government
In 2021, Missouri passed a bill titled: Urges support of state funding for a North Central Missouri Regional Water Commission project. Description: Urges support of state funding for a North Central Missouri Regional Water Commission project
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes June as "Scoliosis Awareness Month" in Missouri. Description: Establishes June as "Scoliosis Awareness Month" in Missouri
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the state Department of Defense. Description: Creates the state Department of Defense
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions for initiative petitions and referendums. Description: Modifies provisions for initiative petitions and referendums
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Proposes a constitutional amendment to assert the right of Missourians to hunt and fish. Description: Proposes a constitutional amendment to assert the right of Missourians to hunt and fish
In 2021, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: Modifies provisions for the State Treasurer's ability to invest. Description: Modifies provisions for the State Treasurer's ability to invest
In 2021, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Repeals obsolete, expired, sunset, and terminated statutory sections and portions of sections. Description: Repeals obsolete, expired, sunset, and terminated statutory sections and portions of sections
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Governor and the Senate that the House is convened for the 2020 Second Extraordinary Session. Description: Informs the Governor and the Senate that the House is convened for the 2020 Second Extraordinary Session
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to the admissibility of certain witness statements. Description: Establishes provisions relating to the admissibility of certain witness statements
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the offense of endangering the welfare of a child in the first degree. Description: Modifies the offense of endangering the welfare of a child in the first degree
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the offense of unlawful transfer of weapons to include a class E felony for transferring a firearm to a minor for the purpose of avoiding, interfering with, or preventing an arrest, detention, or investigation.. Description: Changes the offense of unlawful transfer of weapons to include a class E felony for transferring a firearm to a minor for the purpose of avoiding, interfering with, or preventing an arrest, detention, or investigation.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies the power of the City of St. Louis to impose residency requirements on certain municipal personnel. Description: Modifies the power of the City of St. Louis to impose residency requirements on certain municipal personnel
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Creates the "Pretrial Witness Protection Services Fund". Description: Creates the "Pretrial Witness Protection Services Fund"
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Governor and the Senate that the House is convened for the 2020 First Extraordinary Session. Description: Informs the Governor and the Senate that the House is convened for the 2020 First Extraordinary Session
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to sexual offenders.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to sexual offenders.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies a provision relating to sexual offenders who are Tier I sexual offenders.. Description: Modifies a provision relating to sexual offenders who are Tier I sexual offenders.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits two-way telecommunications devices and their component parts in correctional centers and jails.. Description: Prohibits two-way telecommunications devices and their component parts in correctional centers and jails.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to elementary and secondary education.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to elementary and secondary education.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Authorizes the conveyance of certain state property.. Description: Authorizes the conveyance of certain state property.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the Change of Venue for Capital Cases Fund to reimburse a county that receives a capital case from another county for costs associated with the sequestering of jurors.. Description: Creates the Change of Venue for Capital Cases Fund to reimburse a county that receives a capital case from another county for costs associated with the sequestering of jurors.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes a procedure for the removal and disposal of abandoned aircraft on airport property.. Description: Establishes a procedure for the removal and disposal of abandoned aircraft on airport property.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows Missouri driver's license applicants to elect to have a medical alert notation placed on the person's driver's license or nondriver's identification card.. Description: Allows Missouri driver's license applicants to elect to have a medical alert notation placed on the person's driver's license or nondriver's identification card.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows cottage food production operations to sell food over the internet.. Description: Allows cottage food production operations to sell food over the internet.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Three holiday designations for health awareness.. Description: Three holiday designations for health awareness.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to lobbyists.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to lobbyists.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes the "Authorized Electronic Monitoring in Long-Term Care Facilities Act.". Description: Establishes the "Authorized Electronic Monitoring in Long-Term Care Facilities Act."
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relating to political subdivisions.. Description: Relating to political subdivisions.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the protection of children.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the protection of children.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Adds corrections officers to the list of persons whose motor vehicle and driver's license records are to be kept confidential.. Description: Adds corrections officers to the list of persons whose motor vehicle and driver's license records are to be kept confidential.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Designates August 31 as Random Acts of Kindness Day in Missouri.. Description: Designates August 31 as Random Acts of Kindness Day in Missouri.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding requirements of lodging establishments.. Description: Changes the laws regarding requirements of lodging establishments.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies requirements for public disclosure of financial information of dependent children on financial interest forms.. Description: Modifies requirements for public disclosure of financial information of dependent children on financial interest forms.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the deceased.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the deceased.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to criminal law.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to criminal law.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires the Missouri Veterans Commission to collect and display information about job opportunities for veterans.. Description: Requires the Missouri Veterans Commission to collect and display information about job opportunities for veterans.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to Public Employee Retirement Systems.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to Public Employee Retirement Systems.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to certain persons found guilty of criminal offenses.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to certain persons found guilty of criminal offenses.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes special license plates.. Description: Establishes special license plates.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Exempts health care entities registered with the Department of Health and Senior Services that distribute hypodermic needles or syringes from the crime of unlawful delivery of drug paraphernalia.. Description: Exempts health care entities registered with the Department of Health and Senior Services that distribute hypodermic needles or syringes from the crime of unlawful delivery of drug paraphernalia.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires any person who has pled guilty to or been found guilty of driving while intoxicated to complete a victim impact program approved by the court.. Description: Requires any person who has pled guilty to or been found guilty of driving while intoxicated to complete a victim impact program approved by the court.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to professional licensing reciprocity.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to professional licensing reciprocity.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Capitol Police Board.". Description: Establishes the "Capitol Police Board."
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Repeals the Missouri State Archives-St. Louis Trust Fund and returns the moneys in the fund to the state document preservation fund.. Description: Repeals the Missouri State Archives-St. Louis Trust Fund and returns the moneys in the fund to the state document preservation fund.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Permits recording of IEP or Section 504 meetings by a student's parent or legal guardian.. Description: Permits recording of IEP or Section 504 meetings by a student's parent or legal guardian.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Exempts certain schools from the state minimum wage law requirements.. Description: Exempts certain schools from the state minimum wage law requirements.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies definition of "surviving spouse" as it relates to state personnel law.. Description: Modifies definition of "surviving spouse" as it relates to state personnel law.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to seclusion and restraint policies in public schools.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to seclusion and restraint policies in public schools.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies several provisions relating elections.. Description: Modifies several provisions relating elections.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies residency requirements for personnel of certain municipal police forces.. Description: Modifies residency requirements for personnel of certain municipal police forces.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the Joint Committee on the Missouri Constitutional Convention.. Description: Establishes the Joint Committee on the Missouri Constitutional Convention.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies sunset dates for certain fees collected by the secretary of state.. Description: Modifies sunset dates for certain fees collected by the secretary of state.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to official documents.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to official documents.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to Health Care.. Description: Relating to Health Care.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Alzheimer's State Plan Task Force.". Description: Establishes the "Alzheimer's State Plan Task Force."
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the monitoring of certain controlled substances.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the monitoring of certain controlled substances.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates new provisions relating to hazardous waste sites.. Description: Creates new provisions relating to hazardous waste sites.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes the conveyance of certain state property.. Description: Authorizes the conveyance of certain state property.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the laws regarding the ability of counties to issue ordinances.. Description: Changes the laws regarding the ability of counties to issue ordinances.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes the city of Springfield to levy a transient guest tax upon voter approval.. Description: Authorizes the city of Springfield to levy a transient guest tax upon voter approval.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to taxation of property.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to taxation of property.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Allows certain shelf stable packaged foods to be donated to and distributed by charitable organizations.. Description: Allows certain shelf stable packaged foods to be donated to and distributed by charitable organizations.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Adds multiple new state designations.. Description: Adds multiple new state designations.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires the department of revenue to accept electronic versions of documents used to verify the residency of applicants for Missouri driver's licenses.. Description: Requires the department of revenue to accept electronic versions of documents used to verify the residency of applicants for Missouri driver's licenses.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to working animals.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to working animals.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to communications services.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to communications services.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Changes the requirements to run for certain public offices.. Description: Changes the requirements to run for certain public offices.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relates to Purple Heart specialty license plates and license fee offices.. Description: Relates to Purple Heart specialty license plates and license fee offices.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires the department of natural resources to assist permit applicants throughout the permitting process.. Description: Requires the department of natural resources to assist permit applicants throughout the permitting process.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Excludes certain administrative penalties from the calculation of local effort in Iron County.. Description: Excludes certain administrative penalties from the calculation of local effort in Iron County.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Removes increases in the amount received from fines for school purposes from the calculation of local effort for school districts.. Description: Removes increases in the amount received from fines for school purposes from the calculation of local effort for school districts.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to political subdivisions.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to political subdivisions.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires the state board of education to develop a statewide plan for minimum requirements for career and technical education (CTE) certificates.. Description: Requires the state board of education to develop a statewide plan for minimum requirements for career and technical education (CTE) certificates.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the offense of vehicle hijacking.. Description: Creates the offense of vehicle hijacking.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Adds provisions relating medical marijuana and other controlled substances.. Description: Adds provisions relating medical marijuana and other controlled substances.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the offenses of unlawful use of unmanned aircraft over a correctional center, unlawful use of unmanned aircraft over an open-air facility, and unlawful use of unmanned aircraft over a mental health hospital.. Description: Creates the offenses of unlawful use of unmanned aircraft over a correctional center, unlawful use of unmanned aircraft over an open-air facility, and unlawful use of unmanned aircraft over a mental health hospital.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Allows school districts that share superintendents to receive additional state aid.. Description: Allows school districts that share superintendents to receive additional state aid.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to recreation vehicle dealer agreements.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to recreation vehicle dealer agreements.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Missouri Local Government Expenditure Database.". Description: Establishes the "Missouri Local Government Expenditure Database."
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the Public School Retirement System of Missouri.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the Public School Retirement System of Missouri.
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Indemnifies motor vehicle dealers from liability relating to the contents of third-party motor vehicle reports when prepared by a party other than the dealer.. Description: Indemnifies motor vehicle dealers from liability relating to the contents of third-party motor vehicle reports when prepared by a party other than the dealer.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to Transportation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to Transportation
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: APPROPRIATIONS BILL. Description: APPROPRIATIONS BILL
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions for eminent domain for utility purposes.. Description: Modifies provisions for eminent domain for utility purposes.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to professional registration.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to professional registration.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to the enforcement of arbitration awards and intervention in court proceedings for insurance companies.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to the enforcement of arbitration awards and intervention in court proceedings for insurance companies.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates new provisions relating to the sale of kratom products.. Description: Creates new provisions relating to the sale of kratom products.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to utility infrastructure. Description: Establishes provisions relating to utility infrastructure
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Modifies length and weight restriction for certain motor vehicles.. Description: Modifies length and weight restriction for certain motor vehicles.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires children under two years of age to be secured in rear-facing child passenger restraint systems.. Description: Requires children under two years of age to be secured in rear-facing child passenger restraint systems.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to reimbursement allowance taxes.. Description: Modifies provisions relating to reimbursement allowance taxes.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Relating to cost transparency.. Description: Relating to cost transparency.
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to insurance. Description: Modifies provisions relating to insurance
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to victims of sexual offenses. Description: Modifies provisions relating to victims of sexual offenses
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to civil actions, including punitive damages and unlawful merchandising practices. Description: Modifies provisions relating to civil actions, including punitive damages and unlawful merchandising practices
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies various provisions relating to financial instruments. Description: Modifies various provisions relating to financial instruments
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to dangerous felonies. Description: Modifies provisions relating to dangerous felonies
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to elections. Description: Modifies provisions relating to elections
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies law regarding service animals. Description: Modifies law regarding service animals
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to child protection. Description: Modifies provisions relating to child protection
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to veterans. Description: Modifies provisions relating to veterans
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Modifies several provisions relating to taxation. Description: Modifies several provisions relating to taxation
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Prohibits public bodies from entering into certain contracts. Description: Prohibits public bodies from entering into certain contracts
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: Modifies provisions relating to transportation. Description: Modifies provisions relating to transportation
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Removes the expiration of the peer review process for architects, landscape architects, land surveyors, and engineers. Description: Removes the expiration of the peer review process for architects, landscape architects, land surveyors, and engineers
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Governor and the Senate that the House is convened for the 2020 veto session. Description: Informs the Governor and the Senate that the House is convened for the 2020 veto session
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Senate that the House adopted no motions to override the veto of certain bills. Description: Informs the Senate that the House adopted no motions to override the veto of certain bills
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened and is in session and ready for consideration of business. Description: Informs the Senate that the House is duly convened and is in session and ready for consideration of business
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Informs the Governor that the House of Representatives of 100th General Assembly, Second Regular Session, is organized and ready for business. Description: Informs the Governor that the House of Representatives of 100th General Assembly, Second Regular Session, is organized and ready for business
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Endorses continued support of the relationship and shared interests between Taiwan and the State of Missouri. Description: Endorses continued support of the relationship and shared interests between Taiwan and the State of Missouri
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Allows the House of Representatives to employ such employees as necessary between May 16, 2020, and January 6, 2021, to perform the duties of the House. Description: Allows the House of Representatives to employ such employees as necessary between May 16, 2020, and January 6, 2021, to perform the duties of the House
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Adopts certain guidelines for conducting business on April 8, 2020, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. Description: Adopts certain guidelines for conducting business on April 8, 2020, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Establishes rates of pay for Senate employees. Description: Establishes rates of pay for Senate employees
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to use of chamber for Missouri Youth Leadership for Students with Disabilities. Description: Relating to use of chamber for Missouri Youth Leadership for Students with Disabilities
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to use of the chamber for Missouri Girls State. Description: Relating to use of the chamber for Missouri Girls State
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to use of chamber for Missouri YMCA-Youth in Government. Description: Relating to use of chamber for Missouri YMCA-Youth in Government
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to use of chamber for Missouri Catholic Conference. Description: Relating to use of chamber for Missouri Catholic Conference
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to use of chamber for the Silver Haired Legislature. Description: Relating to use of chamber for the Silver Haired Legislature
In 2020, Missouri passed a bill titled: Relating to use of chamber for Sue Shear Acadmey. Description: Relating to use of chamber for Sue Shear Acadmey
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session for the "State of the State Address.". Description: Convenes a joint session for the "State of the State Address."
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Missouri Supreme Court.. Description: Convenes a joint session to receive a message from the Chief Justice of the Missouri Supreme Court.
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: Disapproves the Missouri Hazardous Waste Management Commission's recommendations regarding the fees and taxes of the Hazardous Waste Management Commission. Description: Disapproves the Missouri Hazardous Waste Management Commission's recommendations regarding the fees and taxes of the Hazardous Waste Management Commission
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Requires all assessors to be elected.. Description: Requires all assessors to be elected.
In 2020, Missouri engrossed a bill titled: Creates the state Department of Defense.. Description: Creates the state Department of Defense.
In 2020, Missouri enrolled a bill titled: Modifies provisions regulating the legislature to limit the influence of partisan or other special interests. Description: Modifies provisions regulating the legislature to limit the influence of partisan or other special interests
