Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of Nevada:
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing economic infrastructure projects. (BDR S-9). Description: AN ACT relating to economic infrastructure projects; enacting the Southern Nevada Tourism Innovation Act; amending the Southern Nevada Tourism Improvements Act; requiring under certain circumstances the establishment in Clark County of a sports and entertainment improvement district for the financing of a Major League Baseball stadium project; authorizing the Clark County Stadium Authority to carry out the provisions of law governing the Major League Baseball stadium project; authorizing the pledge of certain taxes, fees and charges for the payment of bonds and other purposes relating to the financing of the Major League Baseball stadium project; requiring the State Treasurer, under certain circumstances, to provide a credit enhancement on bonds issued to finance the construction of the Major League Baseball stadium project; requiring the issuance of general obligations of Clark County for the financing of a Major League Baseball stadium project under certain circumstances; authorizing the issuance of transferable tax credits to developer partners for qualified projects relating to the Major League Baseball stadium project; eliminating certain exemptions from prevailing wage requirements relating to railroad companies or monorails; requiring certain new or expanding businesses to provide certain paid family and medical leave to employees in order to qualify for a partial abatement of certain taxes; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that no allowances will be paid for the 35th Special Session for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications. (BDR R-6). Description: Providing that no allowances will be paid for the 35th Special Session for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Rules of the Senate for the 35th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-2). Description: Adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 35th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that no allowances will be paid for the 35th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications. (BDR R-5). Description: Providing that no allowances will be paid for the 35th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Joint Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 35th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1). Description: Adopting the Joint Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 35th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes and provides funding for certain projects of capital improvement. (BDR S-11). Description: AN ACT relating to projects of capital improvement; authorizing certain expenditures for such projects of the Executive and Legislative Departments of the State Government; levying a property tax to support the Consolidated Bond Interest and Redemption Fund; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that no allowances will be paid for the 34th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications. (BDR R-6). Description: Providing that no allowances will be paid for the 34th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Rules of the Senate for the 34th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-2). Description: Adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 34th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that no allowances will be paid for the 34th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications. (BDR R-5). Description: Providing that no allowances will be paid for the 34th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Joint Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 34th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1). Description: Adopting the Joint Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 34th Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public safety. (BDR 43-355). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; authorizing certain vehicles used by a local governmental agency, or owned or operated by a contractor thereof, to be equipped with and use tail lamps that emit nonflashing blue light under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing financial reports of the State Permanent School Fund. (BDR 34-304). Description: AN ACT relating to the State Permanent School Fund; reducing the frequency of financial reports of the State Permanent School Fund; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to electronic health records. (BDR 40-381). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring the adoption of a framework for the electronic transmittal, maintenance and exchange of certain health information; requiring governmental entities, health care facilities and providers, insurers and insurance administrators to maintain, transmit and exchange health information electronically; authorizing the imposition of certain discipline against a health care provider, insurer or insurance administrator that fails to comply with that requirement; authorizing the Director of the Department of Health and Human Services to contract with multiple health information exchanges to perform certain functions; expanding immunity from certain liability for health care providers who use a health information exchange; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the membership of the Committee on Emergency Medical Services. (BDR 40-222). Description: AN ACT relating to emergency medical services; revising the membership of the Committee on Emergency Medical Services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to governmental administration. (BDR 23-418). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; revising provisions governing the protections against reprisal or retaliatory action provided for a state officer or employee who discloses certain governmental action; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Prescribes the manner for increasing the base salaries of district judges. (BDR 1-430). Description: AN ACT relating to district judges; prescribing the manner for increasing the annual base salary of district judges; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Prescribes the manner for increasing the base salaries of justices of the Nevada Supreme Court and judges of the Nevada Court of Appeals. (BDR 1-434). Description: AN ACT relating to courts; prescribing the manner for increases in the annual base salary of the justices of the Nevada Supreme Court and the judges of the Nevada Court of Appeals; making an appropriation for such increases; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to penalties for driving under the influence of alcohol or a controlled substance. (BDR 43-465). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; removing the requirement that a person who is convicted of driving under the influence of alcohol or a controlled substance must dress in certain distinctive garb while performing community service ordered by a court; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Division of Enterprise Information Technology Services of the Department of Administration. (BDR 19-218). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; revising the definitions of certain terms related to the provision of information services to using agencies by the Division of Enterprise Information Technology Services of the Department of Administration; revising the composition of the Division; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to water. (BDR 48-233). Description: AN ACT relating to water; expanding the Channel Clearance, Maintenance, Restoration, Surveying and Monumenting Program to include tribal governments in this State; providing, under certain circumstances, that officers and employees of tribal governments are exempt from certain licensing requirements for state water right surveyors; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to water. (BDR 40-227). Description: AN ACT relating to water; making various changes to provisions relating to the Account to Finance the Construction of Treatment Works and the Implementation of Pollution Control Projects; making various changes to provisions relating to the Account for the Revolving Fund and the Account for Set-Aside Programs; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to persons engaged in the transmission of money and certain related activities. (BDR 55-273). Description: AN ACT relating to financial services; revising the powers and duties of the Commissioner of Financial Institutions with respect to the licensure and regulation of persons engaged in the business of money transmission; exempting certain persons from provisions governing money transmission; revising provisions relating to the issuance and renewal of licenses to engage in the business of money transmission; revising provisions relating to the confidentiality of certain records maintained by the Commissioner; imposing certain requirements and restrictions on applicants for a license, licensees, authorized delegates, key individuals and persons seeking to acquire control of a licensee; setting forth certain requirements for transactions involving money transmission; revising provisions relating to the suspension, revocation or denial of renewal of a license; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the issuance of cease and desist orders for unlicensed activity by the State Contractors' Board. (BDR 54-267). Description: AN ACT relating to contractors; revising provisions governing the actions that the State Contractors' Board is authorized or required to take after the issuance of a cease and desist order for unlicensed activity; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the resolution of certain administrative citations issued by the State Contractors' Board. (BDR 54-266). Description: AN ACT relating to contractors; authorizing a person who is issued a written administrative citation by the State Contractors' Board to request an informal citation conference before the Executive Officer of the Board; establishing requirements and procedures for such an informal citation conference; revising procedures by which a person is authorized to contest a citation; providing that the failure of a person to comply with the terms of a citation which has been affirmed or modified within a certain period of time constitutes cause for disciplinary action; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to contractors who provide management and counseling services on construction projects. (BDR 54-269). Description: AN ACT relating to contractors; requiring a general building contractor who provides management and counseling services on a construction project to have an active license in the same classifications and subclassifications that are required to be held by the prime contractor for the construction project; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the grounds for disciplinary action against a licensed contractor. (BDR 54-268). Description: AN ACT relating to contractors; revising the grounds for disciplinary action against a licensed contractor by the State Contractors' Board to include certain acts related to another person's application for a contractor's license; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to criminal justice. (BDR 14-263). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal justice; providing that information collected or stored by the Department of Sentencing Policy for the purpose of analyzing and understanding the criminal justice system is confidential; revising the qualifications of the Executive Director of the Department; revising provisions concerning the membership of the Nevada Sentencing Commission; requiring that certain data tracked and assessed by the Commission include the housing status of persons admitted to and released from prison; authorizing the Nevada Local Justice Reinvestment Coordinating Council to accept any gift, donation, bequest, grant or other source of money for the purpose of carrying out its duties; revising provisions relating to risk and needs assessments administered to certain probationers and parolees; authorizing the Division of Parole and Probation of the Department of Public Safety to impose confinement in a jail or detention facility or place a person under a system of active electronic monitoring for technical violations of the conditions of probation or parole; requiring the system of graduated sanctions adopted by the Division to include guidance on the use of such confinement and electronic monitoring; revising the definition of technical violation as the term relates to violations of the conditions of probation or parole; revising provisions relating to the temporary and full revocation of probation, suspension of sentence or parole supervision for technical violations of the conditions of probation or parole; requiring the Department of Sentencing Policy to collect and analyze certain data and submit a report to the Director of the Legislative Counsel Bureau; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing public investments. (BDR 31-357). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental financial administration; revising provisions governing the investment of money in the State Permanent School Fund; revising provisions governing the investment of money by certain governmental entities; revising provisions governing money transferred from the State Permanent School Fund to a corporation for public benefit to provide private equity funding to certain businesses; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to water. (BDR 48-235). Description: AN ACT relating to water; revising the public notice requirements for certain applications relating to water; revising certain requirements for maps relating to water rights; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates a program to repay the student education loans of certain providers of health care. (BDR 18-359). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; creating a program to repay the student education loans of certain providers of health care; prescribing the requirements to receive repayment of student education loans under the program; providing for the administration of the program; providing certain funding for the program and the Nevada Health Service Corps; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the access of offenders to telecommunications devices. (BDR 16-261). Description: AN ACT relating to corrections; requiring the warden or manager of an institution or facility to make certain determinations concerning use of telecommunications devices by offenders; requiring the Director of the Department of Corrections to adopt regulations authorizing an offender to possess, have in his or her custody or control and use an authorized telecommunications device for certain purposes; revising the definition of a telecommunications device to include certain tablets; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to veterans. (BDR 37-242). Description: AN ACT relating to veterans; adding certain members to the Interagency Council on Veterans Affairs; revising certain data submitted to the Council; removing a requirement that the Council develop and administer a fellowship program; revising the time period to which certain reports pertain; revising the duties of the Women Veterans Advisory Committee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes the establishment of the Behavioral Health Workforce Development Center of Nevada. (BDR 34-361). Description: AN ACT relating to behavioral health; authorizing the establishment of the Behavioral Health Workforce Development Center of Nevada at one or more institutions within the Nevada System of Higher Education; prescribing the structure and duties of the Center; authorizing the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada to accept, receive, invest, disburse and account for money received for purposes related to the Center; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to contracts for work concerning certain residential improvements. (BDR 54-265). Description: AN ACT relating to contractors; authorizing the State Contractors' Board to adopt regulations establishing mandatory elements to be included in contracts for work concerning certain residential improvements; establishing certain requirements for such contracts and for residential contractors who enter into such contracts; making the failure to comply with those requirements a cause for disciplinary action; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to inspections of food establishments. (BDR 40-223). Description: AN ACT relating to food establishments; authorizing an applicant for a permit to operate a food establishment to provide an electronic mail address for purposes of communicating certain notices; authorizing, under certain circumstances, a health authority to furnish an electronic original of a food inspection report form; authorizing service of certain written notices by a health authority to be provided electronically; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to school emergency operations plans. (BDR 34-238). Description: AN ACT relating to emergency management; revising certain deadlines relating to school emergency operations plans; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to services for veterans. (BDR 37-243). Description: AN ACT relating to veterans; revising the titles of the deputy directors of the Department of Veterans Services; revising certain duties of the Director of the Department; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to historical markers. (BDR 33-240). Description: AN ACT relating to historical preservation; revising provisions relating to the responsibility for the installation, interpretation, maintenance and protection of historical markers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the operation of off-highway vehicles. (BDR 43-394). Description: AN ACT relating to off-highway vehicles; revising provisions governing public trails for the operation of off-highway vehicles; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to criminal procedure. (BDR 3-419). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; authorizing certain persons to file and serve certain documents by electronic means; prescribing separate forms for certain postconviction petitions for a writ of habeas corpus; revising various provisions relating to postconviction petitions for a writ of habeas corpus; eliminating the requirement that the respondent to a postconviction petition for a writ of habeas corpus file a return with the court; revising provisions relating to a petition for a hearing to establish the factual innocence of a person; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the prosecution of certain crimes. (BDR 15-429). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising provisions relating to the prosecution of certain crimes; making an appropriation to be used for the prosecution of retail crime; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to public safety. (BDR 14-426). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; revising the period for the mandatory arrest of a person suspected of committing certain crimes against certain persons; revising provisions relating to the privilege for communication between a victim of certain crimes and a victim's advocate; revising the penalties for the commission of certain crimes in violation of certain orders for protection; prohibiting a court from granting probation to or suspending the sentence of a person convicted of a battery which constitutes domestic violence under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes to the Open Meeting Law. (BDR 19-416). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; revising provisions relating to the determination of a quorum of a public body and the number of votes necessary for a public body to take action; clarifying the applicability of the Open Meeting Law to certain gatherings of the members of a public body; revising the notice requirements for certain meetings of a public body; revising provisions related to abstaining from voting by a member of a public body for certain conflicts of interest; creating exceptions to the Open Meeting Law for certain committees that prepare arguments relating to ballot measures; revising provisions relating to the applicability of the Open Meeting Law to certain foundations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to sales of tobacco products. (BDR 32-421). Description: AN ACT relating to tobacco products; revising penalties for sales of certain tobacco products to persons under 21 years of age; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to education. (BDR 34-283). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising provisions governing the compulsory school attendance of certain children; revising the contents required in certain annual reports of accountability of schools and school districts; revising provisions governing the reimbursement of certain hospitals and other facilities for providing educational services to children in their care; revising provisions governing the counting of pupils for purposes of calculating apportionment; requiring a child who has taken a high school equivalency assessment to attend school until receipt of notice of successful completion of the assessment; requiring a county advisory board to review school attendance to reflect the ethnic and geographic diversity of the county; revising provisions governing the absences of pupils; revising provisions governing habitual truancy; authorizing certain written notices and other documents to be made electronically; requiring a school to take certain actions relating to a truant pupil; imposing certain duties relating to chronic absenteeism on the board of trustees of a school district and the Department of Education; repealing certain provisions excusing attendance for certain children; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to unclaimed property. (BDR 10-360). Description: AN ACT relating to unclaimed property; revising provisions of the Uniform Unclaimed Property Act; authorizing the Administrator of Unclaimed Property to adopt regulations relating to certain agreements between an owner of property and another person concerning property paid or delivered to the Administrator; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the operation of certain motor vehicles on certain portions of a highway. (BDR 43-257). Description: AN ACT relating to vehicles; authorizing certain vehicles to drive on the paved shoulder of a highway under certain circumstances; revising provisions governing the acts required of a driver of a vehicle upon the immediate approach of certain emergency or official vehicles; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions relating to motor vehicles. (BDR 9-274). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; revising provisions relating to a lien on a motor vehicle; revising provisions relating to automobile wreckers; revising provisions governing liens on certain abandoned vehicles; revising the date by which the Director of the Department of Motor Vehicles is required to submit certain reports concerning garages, garage operators and body shops; repealing provisions relating to special license plates issued to honorary consuls of foreign countries; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to regional commercial air service in this State. (BDR 18-369). Description: AN ACT relating to economic development; revising the membership of the Nevada Air Service Development Commission; revising provisions governing grants awarded by the Commission from the Nevada Air Service Development Fund; making an appropriation to the Fund for Aviation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing local improvements. (BDR 22-372). Description: AN ACT relating to local improvements; revising the process for the governing body of a municipality to provide notice of the annual assessment roll for a neighborhood improvement project; revising the process for such a governing body to approve an amendment to the assessment roll; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing property tax exemptions for low-income housing. (BDR 32-362). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising the qualifications for obtaining the exemption from taxation for certain property used for housing and related facilities for persons with low incomes; revising the qualifications for obtaining the exemption from taxation for certain property used for housing and related facilities for elderly persons or persons with disabilities; making legislative findings; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-275). Description: AN ACT relating to education; restricting the time of day during which the board of trustees of a school district may take action or corrective action at a regular or special meeting; revising provisions relating to reports regarding and investigations into incidents of discrimination based on race, bullying and cyber-bullying; revising provisions governing the approval of work-based learning programs; revising the requirement for children of a certain age to attend a public school; revising provisions governing the placement of children in certain early grades; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the assessment imposed on certain counties for the operation of a regional facility for the treatment and rehabilitation of children. (BDR 5-438). Description: AN ACT relating to juvenile justice; revising the manner in which the assessment imposed on certain counties for the operation of a regional facility for the treatment and rehabilitation of children is calculated; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the uses of certain fees for a game tag. (BDR 45-342). Description: AN ACT relating to wildlife; revising provisions relating to the authorized uses of certain fees for processing each application for a game tag; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates the Advisory Committee on the Safety and Well-Being of Public School Staff. (BDR 34-442). Description: AN ACT relating to education; creating the Advisory Committee on the Safety and Well-Being of Public School Staff; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides right of public school pupils to wear certain adornments at school graduation ceremonies. (BDR 34-440). Description: AN ACT relating to education; establishing the right of public school pupils to wear traditional tribal regalia or recognized objects of religious or cultural significance at school graduation ceremonies; establishing a process for a pupil to appeal a decision that prohibits the wearing of such adornments; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises certain requirements relating to securities. (BDR 7-145). Description: AN ACT relating to securities; defining Nevada certified investor; authorizing the Administrator of the Securities Division of the Office of the Secretary of State, who is the Deputy of Securities, to adopt certain regulations; providing for an exemption from certain requirements concerning the registration of securities for certain transactions involving an offer to sell or sale of a security by certain issuers who are residents of this State to a Nevada certified investor; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing civil actions. (BDR 2-147). Description: AN ACT relating to civil actions; increasing the maximum amount recoverable as costs for the reasonable fees of certain expert witnesses; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing economic development. (BDR 18-711). Description: AN ACT relating to economic development; creating the Office of Entrepreneurship within the Office of Economic Development; setting forth the powers and duties of the Office of Entrepreneurship; providing that the records, files and communications of the Office of Entrepreneurship are confidential; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Exempts certain providers of jobs and day training services from licensure as nurses. (BDR 54-12). Description: AN ACT relating to nursing; providing that certain persons who provide jobs and day training services are not required to be licensed as nurses; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Designates World Esports Day as a day of observance in this State. (BDR 19-695). Description: AN ACT relating to days of observance; requiring the Governor to annually proclaim the Saturday immediately preceding the last Saturday in October as World Esports Day in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the issuance of free annual permits to certain persons for entering state parks and recreational areas. (BDR 35-471). Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; requiring the Administrator of the Division of State Parks of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to establish a program to issue, free of charge, an annual permit for entering all state parks and recreational areas to certain persons; making an appropriation to the Division to offset the loss of revenue from user fees resulting from such a program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing water. (BDR 48-696). Description: AN ACT relating to water; revising provisions relating to sinking or boring certain wells for water already appropriated; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing economic development. (BDR 18-760). Description: AN ACT relating to economic development; revising the name of the Governor's Workforce Investment Board to the Governor's Workforce Development Board; revising the membership and duties of the Board; revising provisions relating to industry sector councils; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for certain assessments relating to caregivers. (BDR S-562). Description: AN ACT relating to caregivers; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to develop and implement a pilot program to administer certain assessments to family caregivers and report the results of the pilot program to certain entities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to informants. (BDR 14-228). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; requiring each office of a prosecuting attorney to maintain certain records relating to certain informants; requiring a prosecuting attorney to make certain disclosures to the defendant relating to informants; requiring a court to instruct jurors to consider certain information relating to informants; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing certain pharmacies located outside this State. (BDR 54-109). Description: AN ACT relating to pharmacy; requiring a pharmacist who is employed by an off-site pharmaceutical service provider and provides certain services to a hospital or correctional institution in this State to be registered to practice pharmacy in this State; revising provisions governing certain pharmacies located outside this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes revisions governing the dispensing and delivery of certain dialysate drugs and devices used to perform dialysis. (BDR 54-616). Description: AN ACT relating to pharmacy; authorizing a manufacturer or wholesaler to dispense a dialysate drug or deliver a device used to perform dialysis at a residence to certain persons and entities; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to wildlife crossings. (BDR 35-340). Description: AN ACT relating to wildlife; defining the term wildlife for the purposes of wildlife crossings; creating the Wildlife Crossings Account in the State General Fund; requiring the Director of the Department of Transportation to administer the Account; requiring the Department of Transportation, in consultation with the Department of Wildlife, to develop and publish an inventory and list of certain projects relating to wildlife crossings; requiring the Director of the Department of Transportation to review the standards and specifications for the design and construction of highways in this State to determine the standards and specifications necessary for incorporating wildlife crossings and related highway features into the highways of this State; requiring the Department of Transportation and the Department of Wildlife to consult with certain persons regarding locations for wildlife crossings and related highway features; authorizing the Director of the Department of Transportation to adopt regulations; making an appropriation to implement projects relating to wildlife crossings; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the Nevada Early Childhood Advisory Council. (BDR 38-788). Description: AN ACT relating to children; revising the membership of the Nevada Early Childhood Advisory Council; defining the term early childhood program for purposes of the duties of the Council; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the provision of information and referrals concerning Down syndrome under certain circumstances. (BDR 40-569). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring certain providers of health care or other services and midwives to provide current, evidence-based information concerning Down syndrome to a person under certain circumstances; requiring certain providers of health care or other services and midwives to make certain referrals; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Nevada System of Higher Education. (BDR 34-127). Description: AN ACT relating to higher education; revising the term length and membership of the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada; revising the length of terms for members of the Board of Regents; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates the Vulnerable Adult Fatality Review Committee. (BDR 38-311). Description: AN ACT relating to adult maltreatment; creating the Vulnerable Adult Fatality Review Committee; providing for the review of deaths resulting from or relating to adult maltreatment; requiring the Committee to develop certain reports and perform certain other duties relating to the investigation and prevention of adult maltreatment; providing access for the Committee to certain documents; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises certain provisions governing voluntary health care service. (BDR 54-177). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; revising certain restrictions on the provision of voluntary health care service; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to incarcerated persons. (BDR 16-138). Description: AN ACT relating to incarcerated persons; requiring institutions and facilities of the Department of Corrections to provide incarcerated persons with original, physical copies of mail under certain circumstances; authorizing the Director of the Department to adopt regulations exempting the Department from the requirement to provide incarcerated persons with original, physical copies of mail under certain circumstances; requiring such institutions and facilities and city or county jails and detention facilities to provide notification to certain persons of a critical medical condition of an incarcerated person; requiring such institutions, facilities and jails to provide an opportunity for an incarcerated person to call a friend, relative or other person to provide notification of a critical medical condition of the incarcerated person under certain circumstances; requiring such institutions, facilities and jails to ensure the timely filling of prescriptions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to tobacco. (BDR 32-728). Description: AN ACT relating to tobacco; providing an exception to the age verification requirements governing the sale, distribution or offering for sale of tobacco products for a face-to-face transaction that occurs within certain areas of a casino; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the renewal of a license as an osteopathic physician or physician assistant. (BDR 54-525). Description: AN ACT relating to osteopathic medicine; revising provisions governing the submission of evidence of completion of continuing education to the State Board of Osteopathic Medicine; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public safety. (BDR 43-796). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; requiring the tribal liaison for the Department of Public Safety to maintain ongoing communication relating to missing or murdered indigenous persons between the Department and certain entities; authorizing the Department to accept a report relating to certain persons missing from an Indian reservation or Indian colony located in whole or in part in this State; requiring certain law enforcement agencies to notify certain persons or agencies after receiving a report related to a missing indigenous person; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing business entities. (BDR 7-762). Description: AN ACT relating to business entities; authorizing certain business entities to correct an erroneously filed record with the Office of the Secretary of State; clarifying provisions concerning certain records required to be kept by certain business entities; clarifying provisions relating to certain actions available to a board of directors of a corporation; establishing the circumstances under which a corporation may decrease the number of certain issued and outstanding shares without a vote of the stockholders; revising provisions related to stock certificates; revising provisions governing restrictions on transfers of stock; authorizing a board of directors to require a confidentiality agreement with certain persons; revising the definition of the term acquisition for certain purposes; establishing the circumstances under which a corporation may change the name of the corporation without a vote of the stockholders; revising provisions governing the restatement of articles of incorporation; revising various definitions relating to dissenter's rights; making various other changes relating to business entities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing Medicare supplemental policies. (BDR 57-467). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; prohibiting an insurer from treating Medicare supplemental policies differently for certain purposes relating to the payment of commissions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Outdoor Education and Recreation Grant Program Account for the costs of the program. (BDR S-778). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Outdoor Education and Recreation Grant Program Account for the costs of the program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to assisted living facilities. (BDR 40-694). Description: AN ACT relating to assisted living; revising provisions governing the program to award competitive grants from the Fund for a Healthy Nevada to certain assisted living facilities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing urban and community forestry. (BDR 47-720). Description: AN ACT relating to forestry; creating the Urban and Community Forestry Program within the Division of Forestry of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources; setting forth the powers and duties of the State Forester Firewarden and the Division relating to the Program; authorizing the State Forester Firewarden to award grants to promote urban and community forestry; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the establishment of a Regional Opioid Task Force in Clark County. (BDR S-721). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; requiring the Clark County Board of County Commissioners to establish a Regional Opioid Task Force to study certain issues relating to opioid overdose fatalities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to homelessness. (BDR 40-324). Description: AN ACT relating to homelessness; revising the process for persons who are homeless to apply for a certified or official copy of a birth certificate; revising certain information required to be included on an identification card issued to a pupil; requiring the Nevada Housing Crisis Response System to assist persons in crisis who are applying for a state identification card; revising requirements for the issuance of a state identification card to certain homeless children and youth; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires certain facilities to be licensed as child care institutions. (BDR 38-326). Description: AN ACT relating to child welfare; requiring all qualified residential treatment programs for children to be licensed and regulated as child care institutions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to fetal alcohol spectrum disorders. (BDR 40-327). Description: AN ACT relating to fetal alcohol spectrum disorders; making certain provisions applicable to fetal alcohol spectrum disorders; requiring the Medicaid program to provide coverage of certain services to persons with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders; providing that fetal alcohol spectrum disorder is a developmental disability; making an appropriation and authorizing certain expenditures; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides Medicaid coverage for certain types of behavioral health integration services. (BDR 38-332). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the State Plan for Medicaid to include coverage for certain behavioral health integration services; making an appropriation and authorizing certain expenditures; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing certain demographic information collected by governmental agencies. (BDR 19-122). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental agencies; authorizing an agency of criminal justice that collects demographic information on race or ethnicity to include a category for persons of Middle Eastern or North African descent; requiring any other governmental agency that collects demographic information on race or ethnicity to include a category for persons of Middle Eastern or North African descent; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes Juneteenth Day a legal holiday in this State. (BDR 19-63). Description: AN ACT relating to legal holidays; making Juneteenth Day a legal holiday in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing counties. (BDR 20-460). Description: AN ACT relating to counties; authorizing, under certain circumstances, a board of county commissioners of certain counties to convey without consideration real property acquired directly from the Federal Government for purposes of clearing title to certain persons; exempting such transfers from the real property transfer tax; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing video service. (BDR 58-669). Description: AN ACT relating to information technology; clarifying the definition of the terms cable service and video service; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to dentistry. (BDR 54-74). Description: AN ACT relating to dentistry; requiring dental hygienists and dental therapists to comply with certain requirements governing the provision of health care; requiring providers of dental care to receive training on teledentistry before providing services through teledentistry; prescribing certain requirements relating to the secure storage of electronic records; providing for the issuance of special endorsements for a dentist, dental hygienist or dental therapist to administer immunizations; imposing certain requirements relating to the administration of immunizations by the holder of such an endorsement; requiring a dentist or dental hygienist to refer a minor to a dental home when appropriate; deeming certain conduct by a provider of dental care to be unprofessional conduct; authorizing the imposition of disciplinary action against a dentist, dental hygienist or dental therapist for certain violations; requiring hospitals and issuers of Medicaid managed care plans to take certain measures to ensure access by recipients of Medicaid to teledentistry; imposing certain requirements relating to the provision of services through teledentistry; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to child welfare. (BDR 4-671). Description: AN ACT relating to child welfare; providing for the appointment of a guardian ad litem for an incapacitated parent or other person responsible for the welfare of a child in certain child welfare proceedings; prescribing the procedure for the judicial review of the placement of a child who is in the custody of an agency which provides child welfare services in a qualified residential treatment program; revising the procedures governing the court-ordered admission of such a child who has an emotional disturbance to certain psychiatric facilities and the release of such a child from such a facility; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the waiver of certain fees by the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada. (BDR 34-88). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising provisions prohibiting the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada from assessing tuition charges against certain students who are Native American; revising provisions requiring the Board of Regents to grant certain waivers of fees for certain students who are Native American; making an appropriation to the Nevada System of Higher Education; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the issuance for a limited duration of special license plates commemorating the 150th anniversary of the founding of the University of Nevada, Reno. (BDR 43-89). Description: AN ACT relating to special license plates; providing for the limited issuance of special license plates commemorating the 150th anniversary of the founding of the University of Nevada, Reno; exempting the special license plates from certain provisions otherwise applicable to special license plates; imposing a fee for the issuance and renewal of such license plates; imposing a deadline on the issuance of such license plates; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to restore the balance in the Reserve for Statutory Contingency Account. (BDR S-909). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to restore the balance in the Reserve for Statutory Contingency Account; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the regulation of the practice of naprapathy. (BDR 54-724). Description: AN ACT relating to naprapathy; establishing the Naprapathic Practice Advisory Board; providing for the regulation of the practice of naprapathy by the State Board of Health and the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services; prescribing the requirements for the issuance and renewal of a license to practice naprapathy; prescribing certain requirements governing the practice of naprapathy; authorizing the Division to take certain actions to investigate and impose discipline against a naprapath; prescribing certain duties and authority of a naprapath; prohibiting the unlicensed practice of naprapathy except in certain circumstances; establishing a privilege for certain confidential communications; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the regulation of the living donation of birth tissue. (BDR 40-455). Description: AN ACT relating to tissue donation; imposing certain requirements to ensure access to certain information concerning entities that accept living donations of birth tissue; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to biomarker testing. (BDR 40-305). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring policies of health insurance to include coverage of biomarker testing for the diagnosis, treatment, appropriate management and ongoing monitoring of cancer in certain circumstances; establishing certain conditions relating to such required coverage; providing for a study of the cost-effectiveness of biomarker testing; making an appropriation and authorizing certain expenditures; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to substance use disorders. (BDR 40-331). Description: AN ACT relating to substance use disorders; providing for the separate accounting of certain money for the purchase of opioid antagonists; establishing the order in which a provider or program is required to prioritize persons for participation in certain publicly funded programs for the treatment of alcohol or other substance use disorders; authorizing a pharmacist to prescribe and dispense drugs for medication-assisted treatment of opioid use disorder and perform certain assessments under certain conditions; requiring certain health plans to include coverage for such drugs and assessments; prescribing certain requirements concerning the diagnosis and treatment of a patient with an opioid use disorder; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to emergency medical services. (BDR 40-511). Description: AN ACT relating to emergency medical services; ratifying the Recognition of Emergency Medical Services Personnel Licensure Interstate Compact; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to cruelty to animals. (BDR 16-71). Description: AN ACT relating to offenders; adding certain offenses relating to cruelty to animals to the list of offenses for which credits earned by offenders may not be deducted from the minimum term or the minimum aggregate term imposed by a sentence; adding certain offenses relating to cruelty to animals to the list of offenses for which a court may not defer judgment; revising the maximum period for which a court may set or extend probation or suspension of a sentence for certain offenses; adding certain offenses relating to cruelty to animals to the list of offenses a person must not be convicted of to be eligible for a petition for early discharge; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the identification of persons. (BDR 43-635). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; requiring, under certain circumstances, that the Department of Motor Vehicles place a designation on a vehicle registration, driver's license or identification card for a person with a communication need; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions governing the use of neonicotinoid pesticides. (BDR 51-97). Description: AN ACT relating to pesticides; prohibiting the use of neonicotinoid pesticides for certain purposes; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing employment. (BDR 53-834). Description: AN ACT relating to employment; providing for hours of leave, under certain circumstances, if an employee or a family or household member of an employee is a victim of an act which constitutes sexual assault; prohibiting the Administrator of the Employment Security Division of the Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation from denying certain persons unemployment benefits under certain circumstances; requiring employers to provide reasonable accommodations under certain circumstances; prohibiting an employer from taking certain actions against an employee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to outdoor recreation. (BDR 35-487). Description: AN ACT relating to outdoor recreation; revising the duties of the Advisory Board on Outdoor Recreation; eliminating the advisory committee established to assist and advise
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing payments for a permanent partial disability. (BDR 53-777). Description: AN ACT relating to workers' compensation; revising provisions governing the payment in a lump sum for certain claimants with a permanent partial disability; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the labeling of feminine hygiene products. (BDR 51-617). Description: AN ACT relating to feminine hygiene products; defining certain terms relating to the labeling of feminine hygiene products; requiring, with certain exceptions, each package or box containing a feminine hygiene product that is manufactured on or after January 1, 2025, for sale or distribution in this State to bear a label containing a plain and conspicuous list of all ingredients in the feminine hygiene product; providing certain requirements for the revision of a list of ingredients in a feminine hygiene product; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing boards of trustees of school districts. (BDR 34-692). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising provisions governing the election and appointment of members of the board of trustees of certain school districts; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing parcel datasets. (BDR 20-715). Description: AN ACT relating to county assessors; revising provisions relating to the sharing of parcel datasets by the State Demographer to include an association for operators; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the protection of children from commercial sexual exploitation. (BDR 5-321). Description: AN ACT relating to child welfare; requiring certain entities in the juvenile justice system and the child welfare system to screen certain children for commercial sexual exploitation; requiring such entities to take certain actions if the results of a screening indicate that a child is a victim of commercial sexual exploitation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes an incentive program for the purchase of certain zero-emission medium-duty and heavy-duty vehicles. (BDR 40-588). Description: AN ACT relating to air pollution; creating the Account for Clean Trucks and Buses; creating the Clean Trucks and Buses Incentive Program; establishing various requirements for the Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the education of pupils who are children of military personnel. (BDR 34-524). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising provisions relating to the enrollment of pupils in charter schools; requiring school districts, charter schools and university schools for profoundly gifted pupils to take certain measures to accommodate a pupil who plans to transfer to the school district or school or leave the school district or school because of the documented pending military transfer of a parent or guardian; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing construction start times in certain counties and cities. (BDR 20-232). Description: AN ACT relating to construction; setting forth certain limitations on the board of county commissioners or the governing body of a city in certain counties in adopting an ordinance restricting the hours in which construction work may begin during certain times of the year in a declarant-controlled common-interest community; prohibiting, under certain circumstances, a declarant-controlled common-interest community from restricting the hours that construction work may begin in certain counties or cities during certain times of the year; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to water conservation. (BDR 48-697). Description: AN ACT relating to water; revising provisions relating to a plan of water conservation and plan for incentives relating to water conservation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-836). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; establishing requirements relating to the purchase of ballots and return envelopes used in elections in this State; revising requirements for the form of all envelopes and return envelopes for mail ballots; revising certain requirements relating to electioneering; revising provisions relating to recounts and contests of presidential elections; revising provisions relating to risk-limiting audits; revising provisions relating to tampering or interfering with certain election equipment or computer programs; revising the definition of uniformed-service voter; delaying the effective date of certain provisions relating to automatic voter registration; making an appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State to enter into a contract or contracts for the purchase of ballots and return envelopes; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to custodial interrogations of children. (BDR 5-229). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; prohibiting a peace officer or other person authorized to conduct a custodial interrogation of a child from making certain statements during a custodial interrogation of a child; providing that a statement by a child obtained in violation of such a prohibition is presumed involuntary and inadmissible in any criminal or juvenile proceeding; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing certain fees for drivers' licenses and identification cards. (BDR 43-636). Description: AN ACT relating to offenders; requiring the Department of Motor Vehicles to waive the fee for the administration of the examination required for the issuance of a noncommercial driver's license for certain persons released from prison; requiring the Department to waive any fee that would otherwise be imposed against a person for the late renewal of a driver's license if the late renewal resulted from the person being incarcerated; requiring the Department to reinstate free of charge a driver's license or to provide an original or renewal driver's license or an original or renewal identification card to certain persons released from prison in certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to domestic relations. (BDR 11-660). Description: AN ACT relating to domestic relations; creating summary procedures for the resolution of certain matters relating to annulment and child custody; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing electronic communication devices in certain health care facilities. (BDR 40-46). Description: AN ACT relating to medical facilities; authorizing a patient in a facility for skilled nursing or his or her representative to request the installation and use of an electronic communication device in the living quarters of the patient; prescribing requirements for the selection and operation of such a device; prohibiting a person from taking certain actions concerning such a device or the images and sounds broadcast by such a device; prohibiting a facility for skilled nursing or an employee of such a facility from taking certain additional actions; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to special license plates. (BDR 43-118). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing the combination of personalized prestige license plates and certain special license plates; exempting from the payment of certain parking fees vehicles with certain specially designed license plates associated with military service; exempting from the payment of certain parking fees vehicles with certain specially designed license plates for family members of persons killed in the line of duty or who died of injuries sustained while on active duty in the Armed Forces of the United States; providing a penalty for persons who make certain false statements or submit false, fraudulent or misleading evidence in connection with an application for certain specially designed license plates; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the Nevada Commission for Persons Who Are Deaf and Hard of Hearing. (BDR 38-563). Description: AN ACT relating to persons with disabilities; increasing the membership of the Nevada Commission for Persons Who Are Deaf and Hard of Hearing; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing work-based learning programs. (BDR 34-835). Description: AN ACT relating to education; authorizing the board of trustees of a school district and the governing body of a charter school to obtain insurance for liability arising out of the participation of a pupil in a work-based learning program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes a program to provide structured family caregiving to certain recipients of Medicaid. (BDR 38-297). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; establishing a program to provide structured family caregiving to certain recipients of Medicaid; making appropriations to and authorizing expenditures by certain divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing public works. (BDR 28-832). Description: AN ACT relating to public works; requiring a contractor on a public work to provide a worker with written or electronic notice of certain information; requiring a person found by the Labor Commissioner to have willfully and repeatedly failed to pay prevailing wages to a worker to pay certain damages to the affected worker; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions governing student transcripts. (BDR 34-523). Description: AN ACT relating to higher education; requiring the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada to establish certain policies and procedures that ensure certain students are able to access or obtain official and unofficial transcripts; prohibiting an institution with the Nevada System of Higher Education from charging students that owe a debt to the System or an institution within the System a higher fee to obtain a transcript; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing residential zoning. (BDR 22-250). Description: AN ACT relating to land use planning; requiring the governing body of a city or county to publish certain information on its Internet website relating to certain applications relating to land use planning; requiring the governing body of certain counties and cities to annually report certain information to the Housing Division of the Department of Business and Industry and the Advisory Committee on Housing; revising provisions relating to the procedures for review of certain applications for land use planning; revising provisions relating to the adoption of measures in certain counties relating to affordable housing; providing that certain deadlines relating to land use planning that apply to counties also apply to cities; requiring counties and cities to enact certain ordinances relating to projects for affordable housing on or before July 1, 2024; making certain legislative declarations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing certain regional transportation commissions. (BDR 22-90). Description: AN ACT relating to regional transportation commissions; requiring a regional transportation commission in certain counties to establish an advisory committee; revising certain requirements relating to the security in operations of a regional transportation commission; revising certain requirements relating to the establishment of an advisory committee by a regional transportation commission in certain counties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the residency requirements for appointment as a member on the Nevada Silver Haired Legislative Forum. (BDR 38-456). Description: AN ACT relating to the Nevada Silver Haired Legislative Forum; revising the residency requirements to be eligible for appointment as a member of the Forum; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing travel insurance. (BDR 57-198). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; repealing, reenacting, reorganizing and revising various provisions relating to travel insurance; authorizing the Commissioner of Insurance to adopt regulations relating to travel insurance; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Legislative Fund for the costs of the 82nd Legislative Session. (BDR S-493). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Legislative Fund for the costs of the 82nd Legislative Session; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes to the Open Meeting Law. (BDR 19-781). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; requiring a public body to hold certain periods devoted to public comment when the agenda for a public meeting authorizes the continuation of the meeting to one or more other calendar days; requiring, under certain circumstances, a public body to post a copy of the notice of a meeting at the building in which the meeting is to be held; requiring, under certain circumstances, a meeting agenda to include clear and complete instructions for a member of the general public to call in to a meeting to provide public comment; requiring, under certain circumstances, instructions for a member of the general public to call in to a meeting to provide public comment to be read verbally before the first period of the day devoted to public comment begins; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to water conservation. (BDR 40-337). Description: AN ACT relating to water; authorizing a district board of health to establish a program to pay the costs for property owners with a septic system to connect to a community sewerage disposal system under certain circumstances; revising provisions relating to a permit to operate a water system; revising provisions relating to water systems; revising provisions relating to tentative maps and final maps for a subdivision of land; establishing minimum standards for certain landscaping irrigation fixtures in new construction and expansions and renovations in certain structures; revising provisions relating to grants of money for water conservation; exempting the use of water by certain entities to extinguish fires in an emergency from provisions governing the appropriation of water; revising provisions relating to groundwater in certain designated areas; revising conditions under which the State Engineer may require the plugging of certain wells used for domestic purposes; defining certain terms relating to the Conservation of Colorado River Water Act; authorizing the Board of Directors of the Southern Nevada Water Authority to enact certain restrictions on water use for single-family residences under certain circumstances; prohibiting, with certain exceptions, the use of the waters of the Colorado River for certain purposes; establishing requirements relating to an irrigation water efficiency monitoring program; revising certain provisions relating to the use of the waters of the Colorado River to irrigate nonfunctional turf; authorizing the Authority to operate a program to convert properties using a septic system to a municipal sewer system and to impose a fee for such a program; authorizing the Board of Directors to authorize the General Manager of the Authority to restrict the use of water under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions concerning the confidentiality of personal information of certain persons. (BDR 20-944). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; authorizing certain persons to request a court order to make certain personal information in the possession of a county recorder, county assessor or elections official be kept in a confidential manner; making various other changes relating to the procedures for a person to request personal information in the possession of a county recorder, county assessor or elections official be maintained in a confidential manner; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing tuition for certain students. (BDR 34-668). Description: AN ACT relating to education; prohibiting the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada from assessing tuition charges against students who have successfully completed a high school equivalency assessment selected by the State Board of Education that was administered in this State; prohibiting the Board of Regents from denying an exemption from tuition charges to a student on the basis of immigration status under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code. (BDR 8-604). Description: AN ACT relating to the Uniform Commercial Code; enacting the 2022 amendments to the Uniform Commercial Code; enacting the 2018 amendments to Article 9 of the Code; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the taxation of other tobacco products. (BDR 32-618). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising the tax imposed upon the receipt, purchase and sale of premium cigars; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the practice of psychology. (BDR 54-799). Description: AN ACT relating to psychology; revising and eliminating certain exceptions from certain prohibitions against a person representing himself or herself as a psychologist or engaging in the practice of psychology without a license issued by the Board of Psychological Examiners; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation and authorizes expenditures for certain purposes relating to health care. (BDR S-328). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to and authorizing expenditures by the Division of Health Care Financing and Policy of the Department of Health and Human Services for certain costs relating to Medicaid; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to government administration. (BDR 23-896). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; creating the Merit Award Account in the State General Fund for purposes of funding awards to certain state employees; eliminating the limitation on awards to certain state employees from being paid from money in the State General Fund; requiring, under certain circumstances, the Advisory Council for Family Engagement to submit to certain appointing authorities a list of persons qualified for membership on the Council; revising the membership of the Committee for the Statewide Alert System; authorizing the Committee on Testing for Intoxication to study, make certain recommendations to the Director of the Department of Public Safety and take certain action relating to driving under the influence; revising the authority of the Committee to adopt certain regulations; revising the term of membership of the Chair of the Appeals Panel for Industrial Insurance; authorizing the Commissioner of Insurance to perform certain actions relating to meetings of the Appeals Panel; revising provisions relating to vacancies in the membership of the Medical Laboratory Advisory Committee; revising provisions relating to meetings of the Credit Union Advisory Council; eliminating the requirement that members of the Advisory Council receive a salary for attendance at meetings; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the education of pupils enrolled in a public high school. (BDR 34-625). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring pupils enrolled in a public high school to be enrolled in the courses and credits required to obtain a college and career ready high school diploma or certain diplomas that are equivalent or more rigorous; establishing exceptions to the requirement for a pupil to be enrolled in such courses and credits; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes certain rights of persons compelled to submit to certain mental or physical examinations. (BDR 54-819). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; establishing the substantive rights of a person compelled to submit to a mental or physical examination under certain circumstances; authorizing a person who has been aggrieved by the violation of certain rights to institute an action for injunctive and other appropriate relief in certain circumstances; repealing provisions relating to a mental or physical examination required of certain persons in a civil action; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing education. (BDR 34-818). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the board of trustees of each school district and the governing body of each charter school or university school for profoundly gifted pupils to enter into a memorandum of understanding with an organization that assists victims of power-based violence and requiring certain pupils be referred to such an organization; creating the Committee on Responses to Power-Based Violence in Schools; requiring school districts and public schools to make available information regarding the statewide information and referral system maintained by
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental administration. (BDR 33-150). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; creating the Account for Improving Access to State Museums for Persons with Disabilities in the State General Fund; revising the membership of the Board of Museums and History; requiring the Administrator of the Division of Museums and History of the Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs to develop and maintain an Internet website related to institutions of the Division and ensure that the Internet website is accessible to persons with disabilities; authorizing the Administrator to authorize or require a museum director of an institution of the Division to establish certain procedures that enable the accessibility of the exhibits in the institution to persons who are blind or visually impaired; requiring the Legislative Committee on Senior Citizens, Veterans and Adults With Special Needs to study during the 2023-2024 interim any issues that exist that limit the ability of persons with disabilities to access the institutions of the Division; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing adoption. (BDR 11-658). Description: AN ACT relating to adoption; revising provisions governing financial assistance to the adoptive family of a child with special needs; making appropriations to and authorizing expenditures by the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to work-based learning programs. (BDR 34-534). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising the requirements to receive approval from the State Board of Education to offer a work-based learning program; requiring the Department of Education to adopt regulations prescribing a method for the board of trustees of a school district to determine whether the employment and supervision of a pupil in a work-based learning program is appropriate; authorizing the board of trustees of a school district to exempt certain volunteers participating in a work-based learning program from submitting fingerprints for the purpose of a criminal background check; deeming certain employees of a business, agency or organization that participates in a work-based learning program not to be volunteers at a school; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to forensic medical examinations of certain victims of certain crimes. (BDR 16-839). Description: AN ACT relating to forensic medical examinations; requiring the county in whose jurisdiction a domestic violence battery by strangulation is committed to pay the costs of a strangulation forensic medical examination of the victim; authorizing a county to be reimbursed for such costs, to the extent that money is available from legislative appropriation; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing wages for persons with disabilities. (BDR 39-13). Description: AN ACT relating to disabilities; requiring a provider of jobs and day training services to develop a plan to transition persons earning less than the state minimum wage to earning at least the state minimum wage or pursuing other services and assisting such persons to participate in certain activities; requiring a provider of jobs and day training services to submit a report relating to such a plan to the Aging and Disability Services Division of the Department of Health and Human Services; authorizing a recipient of jobs and day training services to have an advocate present at certain meetings; prohibiting any person from paying less than the state minimum wage to a person with an intellectual disability or developmental disability after a certain date; providing for the inclusion under Medicaid of certain services to assist such a person in pursuing competitive integrated employment; requiring the Department to seek a waiver of certain federal requirements governing the compensation of a recipient of prevocational services under Medicaid; making an appropriation and authorizing certain expenditures; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Exempts veterans service organizations from various fees imposed on persons conducting business in this State. (BDR 7-73). Description: AN ACT relating to business; exempting veterans service organizations and the officers and agents of veterans service organizations from various fees imposed on persons conducting business in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to water. (BDR 18-470). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; requiring the State Plan for Economic Development to include a statement regarding the efficient use of water resources; requiring a plan submitted by certain regional development authorities to include water conservation strategies; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to state-owned vehicles. (BDR 27-124). Description: AN ACT relating to state purchasing; requiring, to the extent practicable, certain state agencies to give preference to the purchase of certain vehicles and fuels; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing attendance in public schools. (BDR 34-639). Description: AN ACT relating to education; prohibiting a pupil in a public school from being deprived of any award that is based on perfect attendance or any eligibility or opportunity to compete for such an award because of an approved absence from school for the observance of a religious holiday; revising provisions governing the attendance of pupils and circumstances under which a pupil is deemed truant; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental administration. (BDR 20-120). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; requiring the governing body of certain counties and cities to ensure that public notices are issued in certain languages; requiring each such county and city to develop a language access plan; requiring the Office for New Americans created in the Office of the Governor to employ a person to perform certain duties related to language access; requiring the Director of the Office for New Americans to submit a biannual report to the Legislature relating to language access plans of state agencies and local governments; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing cultural competency training. (BDR 40-820). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; revising provisions relating to the requirement that certain medical facilities conduct training of certain agents and employees in cultural competency; requiring the Office of Minority Health and Equity of the Department of Health and Human Services to establish, maintain and distribute a list of courses and programs relating to cultural competency that certain medical facilities are required to use to conduct training of certain agents and employees; increasing the number of hours of instruction relating to cultural competency that certain health care professionals are required to complete; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations for the payment of retention incentives to certain employees of the State Government. (BDR S-1037). Description: AN ACT making appropriations for the payment of retention incentives to certain employees of the State Government; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the licensure and regulation of anesthesiologist assistants. (BDR 54-714). Description: AN ACT relating to providers of health care; providing for the licensure and regulation of anesthesiologist assistants by the Board of Medical Examiners and the State Board of Osteopathic Medicine; requiring an anesthesiologist assistant to work under the supervision of a supervising anesthesiologist or supervising osteopathic anesthesiologist, as applicable, except when rendering emergency care under certain circumstances; establishing the maximum fee the Boards may impose for the licensure of an anesthesiologist assistant and the biennial registration of such licenses; exempting an anesthesiologist assistant from civil liability under certain circumstances; requiring an anesthesiologist assistant to report instances of neglect or abuse of older persons and vulnerable persons; authorizing an anesthesiologist assistant to be simultaneously licensed by the Board of Medical Examiners and the State Board of Osteopathic Medicine; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to mail theft. (BDR 15-800). Description: AN ACT relating to mail theft; establishing provisions relating to mail theft; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing required instruction in financial literacy. (BDR 34-759). Description: AN ACT relating to education; changing the membership of the State Financial Literacy Advisory Council; requiring certain pupils enrolled in a public high school to enroll in a
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the sealing of criminal records. (BDR 14-204). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal records; requiring a convicted person who is petitioning the court to have his or her criminal record sealed to include certain information in the petition under certain circumstances; prohibiting a court or agency of criminal justice from charging fees related to the sealing of criminal records under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing telehealth. (BDR 54-831). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; authorizing the use of telehealth for certain communication between providers of health care; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions governing rural emergency hospitals. (BDR 40-637). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; establishing a rural emergency hospital as a type of medical facility licensed in this State; authorizing a rural emergency hospital that meets certain requirements to receive an endorsement as a crisis stabilization center; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to take certain measures to increase reimbursement under Medicaid for certain services provided by rural emergency hospitals; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the waiver of tuition and registration and certain fees for students who are children of certain veterans. (BDR 34-531). Description: AN ACT relating to the Nevada System of Higher Education; prohibiting the assessment of tuition charges against certain students within the System with a parent who is a veteran who has been awarded the Purple Heart; requiring the waiver of the payment of registration fees and certain other fees assessed against such a student; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes changes relating to doula services. (BDR 38-844). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; authorizing the Department of Health and Human Services to establish an incentive payment under the Medicaid program for doula services provided in rural areas; requiring the Department to seek an increase to certain reimbursement rates under the Medicaid program for doula services; making an appropriation and authorizing certain expenditures; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing school safety and student behavior. (BDR 34-638). Description: AN ACT relating to education; removing certain requirements for the use of restorative disciplinary practices in public schools; requiring certain schools to provide a progressive discipline plan based on restorative justice to certain pupils; revising provisions governing the development of a plan of discipline by the board of trustees of a school district or governing body of a charter school or university school for profoundly gifted pupils; revising provisions governing age and certain other requirements for the suspension, expulsion and permanent expulsion of pupils; requiring the provision and reporting of a plan to provide education services to certain pupils; revising provisions governing the reporting of certain data concerning discipline of pupils; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to elections. (BDR 24-530). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; requiring a person who administers a county or city jail to establish a policy that ensures a person who is detained in the jail may register to vote and vote in an election; requiring the person who administers a county or city jail to submit a report to the Secretary of State after each election; prohibiting electioneering near certain areas of a jail; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to the natural organic reduction of human remains. (BDR 40-606). Description: AN ACT relating to human remains; authorizing the use of natural organic reduction for the cremation of human remains; revising various provisions relating to the disposition of human remains; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing motor vehicles. (BDR 43-620). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing, under certain circumstances, a dealer and purchaser to enter into a written return agreement to cancel a vehicle sale; revising provisions relating to the registration of certain vehicles when the certificate of title is lost, unlawfully detained or otherwise not available; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the prosecution of certain crimes. (BDR 15-473). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising provisions relating to the prosecution of certain crimes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing offenders. (BDR 16-252). Description: AN ACT relating to incarceration; requiring the Department of Corrections to adopt certain regulations relating to the care of women who are in the custody of the Department; requiring the warden of an institution or manager of a facility to adopt policies relating to conduct between male correctional officers and women who are incarcerated; requiring the warden of an institution or manager of a facility to adopt policies relating to the care of a pregnant offender; requiring the Department to develop and adopt certain policies and regulations relating to the care of a pregnant offender; requiring a correctional officer to submit a written report if restraints are used on a pregnant offender; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates the Nevada Medal of Distinction. (BDR 18-780). Description: AN ACT relating to State Government; creating the Nevada Medal of Distinction and the Nevada Awards and Honors Board; setting forth the process for awarding the Nevada Medal of Distinction; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing affordable housing. (BDR 25-1032). Description: AN ACT relating to affordable housing; requiring the Housing Division of the Department of Business and Industry to develop and implement a supportive housing grant program; creating the Nevada Supportive Housing Development Fund in the State Treasury; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing certain special license plates. (BDR 43-699). Description: AN ACT relating to special license plates; exempting special license plates that encourage the donation of human organs from certain provisions limiting the number of designs of special license plates issued by the Department of Motor Vehicles; eliminating the requirement to provide proof of current or former employment as a professional full-time salaried firefighter or current or former service as a volunteer firefighter in an application for the renewal of certain special license plates recognizing such employment or service; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions governing common-interest communities and condominium hotels. (BDR 10-960). Description: AN ACT relating to property rights; authorizing the use of electronic ballots for the election and removal of members of the executive board of a unit-owners' association of a common-interest community and for the election of delegates or representatives to exercise the voting rights of units' owners in an association; authorizing a member of the executive board who is subject to removal to submit a written request for a meeting of the executive board to discuss the member's removal; revising requirements concerning the provision of certain notices by an association; specifying that an association is authorized to conduct a vote for the election or removal of a member of the executive board without a meeting; authorizing an association that conducts a vote without a meeting to allow the units' owners to vote by using a voting machine; establishing requirements relating to the use of electronic voting for the election or removal of a member of the executive board without a meeting; authorizing money in the operating account of an association to be withdrawn without the usual required signatures for the purpose of making certain automatic and annual payments; requiring the Commission for Common-Interest Communities and Condominium Hotels to adopt regulations establishing the requirements relating to the transfer of certain items upon the termination or assignment of a management agreement; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing health care. (BDR 40-983). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; authorizing a hospital to enter into an agreement with the Armed Forces of the United States for the provision of care by a person who is not licensed to provide care under certain circumstances; exempting certain federal employees who provide care within the scope of their official duties from requirements governing the licensure and regulation of certain health professionals; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing motor vehicles. (BDR 43-154). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing the governing body of a local government to adopt an ordinance prohibiting the unlawful possession of unregistered vehicles unfit for use; revising the penalty for the unlawful possession of unregistered vehicles unfit for use; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing certain providers of health care. (BDR 54-761). Description: AN ACT relating to medicine; revising the account in which proceeds from certain penalties are deposited; revising certain procedures relating to the expiration of a license to practice medicine; requiring a physician assistant, practitioner of respiratory care or perfusionist or the insurer of such a person to report certain information relating to an action or claim of malpractice to the Board of Medical Examiners; providing administrative penalties; requiring the Board to investigate a physician assistant, practitioner of respiratory care or perfusionist in certain circumstances; authorizing the Board to examine such a person under certain circumstances; increasing the maximum amount of certain fines; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to public safety. (BDR 52-753). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; setting forth certain requirements and restrictions concerning foil balloons that are sold, offered for sale or manufactured in this State; prohibiting, with certain exceptions, a person from selling, offering for sale or manufacturing a foil balloon that fails to meet certain requirements; requiring the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada to adopt a standard for the testing and evaluation of the dielectric performance of foil balloons; providing enhanced penalties in certain circumstances for committing assault or battery upon a utility worker; prohibiting a person from committing certain acts against the infrastructure of a public utility; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Thomas & Mack Legal Clinic at the William S. Boyd School of Law of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. (BDR S-1058). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Thomas & Mack Legal Clinic at the William S. Boyd School of Law of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas for the purpose of providing pro bono legal services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing education. (BDR 34-1087). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring a suspension or expulsion in a charter school or a university school for profoundly gifted pupils to be consistent with such punishments in certain public schools; requiring a plan for restorative discipline for public schools to include consideration of certain data relating to pupil discipline; authorizing the Superintendent of Public Instruction to require implementation of an alternative plan for restorative discipline if a public school fails to take certain actions relating to disproportionality in pupil discipline; requiring a plan for restorative discipline to reflect the authority to temporarily remove a pupil from the classroom; requiring certain actions by a school at the time of a suspension or expulsion of a pupil for committing certain acts; revising the persons to whom the appeals of certain disciplinary determinations may be made; revising requirements for policies for the appeal of suspensions and expulsions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to student education loans. (BDR 55-162). Description: AN ACT relating to student education loans; providing for the licensing and regulation of student loan servicers by the Commissioner of Financial Institutions; requiring student loan servicers to pay certain assessments and fees; authorizing the Commissioner to participate in the Nationwide Multistate Licensing System and Registry with respect to the issuance and renewal of a license to engage in student loan servicing; authorizing the Commissioner to take certain actions relating to participation in the Registry; authorizing and requiring the Student Loan Ombudsman to perform certain acts; providing for the regulation of private education loans and private education lenders by the Commissioner; requiring the Commissioner to adopt certain regulations; authorizing the Commissioner to engage in certain activities relating to the monitoring of the market for the provision of student loan servicing and student education loans; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing housing authorities. (BDR 25-184). Description: AN ACT relating to housing; requiring, under certain circumstances, a housing authority to perform an inspection of and have certain repairs made to certain dwelling units; eliminating the applicability of the Local Government Budget and Finance Act to a regional housing authority and the commissioners of a regional housing authority; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires a cannabis establishment agent to take certain actions to verify the age of a consumer before selling cannabis or a cannabis product. (BDR 56-1024). Description: AN ACT relating to cannabis; requiring a cannabis establishment agent to verify the age of a consumer before selling cannabis or a cannabis product to the consumer; setting forth the method by which the age verification is required to be performed; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to occupational therapy. (BDR 54-737). Description: AN ACT relating to occupational therapy; authorizing the Board of Occupational Therapy to issue a license by reciprocity as an occupational therapist or occupational therapy assistant; authorizing the Board to issue certain citations to licensees for certain violations; revising the qualifications for a person to obtain a license as an occupational therapist or occupational therapy assistant; providing a salary for members of the Board; revising various provisions relating to licensing occupational therapists or occupational therapy assistants; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the State Budget Act. (BDR 31-928). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; defining the term adjusted base budget for purposes of the State Budget Act; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates the Virtual Early Childhood Family Engagement Pilot Program in the Department of Health and Human Services. (BDR S-988). Description: AN ACT relating to education; creating the Virtual Early Childhood Family Engagement Pilot Program in the Department of Health and Human Services; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing forfeiture of property. (BDR 14-472). Description: AN ACT relating to property; requiring a law enforcement agency to include certain additional information relating to seizures and forfeitures in its annual report to the Office of the Attorney General; requiring the Office of the Attorney General to publish certain reports on its Internet website in a machine-readable format; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to state financial administration. (BDR 31-995). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; authorizing a department, institution or agency of the Executive Department of the State Government to request the provisional approval of the Interim Finance Committee to accept a grant and revise a work program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to mobile tracking devices. (BDR 15-1007). Description: AN ACT relating to mobile tracking devices; prohibiting a person from installing, concealing or otherwise placing a mobile tracking device in or on the motor vehicle of another person under certain circumstances; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the Board of Medical Examiners. (BDR 54-148). Description: AN ACT relating to medicine; revising the membership of the Board of Medical Examiners; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to higher education. (BDR 34-704). Description: AN ACT relating to higher education; authorizing the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada to enter into an agreement with certain entities to provide certain educational tools to families and caretakers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to deceptive trade practices. (BDR 52-773). Description: AN ACT relating to deceptive trade practices; clarifying the authority of the Attorney General with respect to a deceptive trade practice; increasing certain civil penalties for engaging in a deceptive trade practice under certain circumstances; revising the statute of limitations for engaging in a deceptive trade practice; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions governing paid family leave for certain state employees. (BDR 23-1053). Description: AN ACT relating to state employment; establishing provisions governing paid family leave for certain state employees under certain circumstances; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing collective bargaining. (BDR 23-1050). Description: AN ACT relating to public employees; revising certain provisions relating to the negotiation, mediation and arbitration of collective bargaining agreements with the Executive Department of the State Government; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Sentencing Policy for the purpose of funding certain grants awarded by the Nevada Local Justice Reinvestment Coordinating Council. (BDR S-1049). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Department of Sentencing Policy for the purpose of funding certain grants awarded by Nevada Local Justice Reinvestment Coordinating Council; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing Medicaid. (BDR 38-977). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the Medicaid program to provide certain coverage for certain persons who are incarcerated; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing public works. (BDR 28-1031). Description: AN ACT relating to public works; authorizing a local government to enter into a prehire agreement for a public work; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to Clark County and the Cities of Reno and Sparks for programs for rental assistance to certain persons. (BDR S-1011). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to Clark County and the Cities of Reno and Sparks for programs for rental assistance to certain persons; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to insurance. (BDR 57-1045). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; prohibiting an insurer from issuing or renewing a policy of liability insurance that contains certain provisions; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates the Subcommittee on Education Accountability of the Interim Finance Committee. (BDR 17-1043). Description: AN ACT relating to education; creating and establishing the membership, powers and duties of the Subcommittee on Education Accountability of the Interim Finance Committee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-1088). Description: AN ACT relating to education; creating the Early Childhood Literacy and Readiness Account and authorizing grants from the Account for certain purposes; revising various provisions relating to the Commission on School Funding; authorizing, under certain circumstances, the State Public Charter School Authority to award money to a charter school for the transportation of pupils; authorizing a city or county to sponsor a charter school; requiring a city or county that sponsors a charter school to annually report certain information; revising provisions relating to the Teach Nevada Scholarship Program; creating the Nevada Teacher Advancement Scholarship Program; revising provisions governing the promotion of pupils; revising provisions relating to the retention of pupils in the same grade; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing schools of nursing. (BDR 54-1042). Description: AN ACT relating to nursing; revising provisions governing the ratio of faculty members to students in courses that provide clinical training at schools of practical nursing and at schools of professional nursing; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Public Employees' Retirement System. (BDR 23-1075). Description: AN ACT relating to the Public Employees' Retirement System; creating the position of Chief Administrative Analyst as a member of the executive staff of the System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing halfway houses for persons recovering from alcohol or other substance use disorders. (BDR 40-1057). Description: AN ACT relating to medical facilities; removing a halfway house for persons recovering from alcohol or other substance use disorders from the definition of a facility for the dependent; revising terminology used to refer to such facilities; removing the requirement that such a facility be licensed and regulated as a facility for the dependent; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing civil actions against a provider of health care for professional negligence. (BDR 3-709). Description: AN ACT relating to civil actions; providing for the increase of the limitation on the amount of noneconomic damages a plaintiff may recover in a civil action against a provider of health care for professional negligence; revising the statute of limitations for bringing an action against a provider of health care for injury or death based upon professional negligence, professional services rendered without consent or error or omission in practice; revising provisions which limit the amount of a contingent fee for which an attorney representing a plaintiff in a civil action against a provider of health care for professional negligence may contract for or collect; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to court programs for the treatment of mental illness or intellectual disabilities. (BDR 14-729). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; authorizing a justice court or municipal court to establish a program for the treatment of mental illness or intellectual disabilities; revising various provisions relating to a program for the treatment of mental illness or intellectual disabilities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the release of personal information by the Director of the Department of Motor Vehicles. (BDR 43-751). Description: AN ACT relating to the Department of Motor Vehicles; prohibiting the Director of the Department of Motor Vehicles from releasing any personal information from the files or records of the Department for any purpose relating to the enforcement of immigration laws, except under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to motor vehicles. (BDR 43-95). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing the removal of a vehicle or part of a vehicle from the highway following the issuance of a citation for reckless driving; requiring the inclusion of certain information regarding certain deviations from the rates set forth in certain schedules and tariffs in the annual report submitted by the operator of a tow car to the Nevada Transportation Authority; revising provisions governing the towing of a motor vehicle requested by a person other than the owner of the vehicle; prohibiting a tow car operator from charging fees or costs for the storage of a vehicle until the vehicle has been stored for a certain period; requiring the operator of a tow car to consider charging a lower rate for the storage and removal of the vehicle under certain circumstances; requiring the operator of a tow car to display certain information in his or her place of business; revising provisions prohibiting the solicitation of a tort victim to employ, hire or retain any attorney at law in certain circumstances; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to industrial insurance. (BDR 53-1030). Description: AN ACT relating to industrial insurance; revising the circumstances in which certain employees are authorized to receive compensation under industrial insurance for certain stress-related claims; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor as a loan for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1129). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor as a loan for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing powers of attorney. (BDR 13-797). Description: AN ACT relating to powers of attorney; defining certain words and terms relating to powers of attorney for health care; establishing a form to create an advance health-care directive; revising provisions concerning witnesses to a principal's signature of a power of attorney for health care; removing the requirement that, in certain circumstances, a certification of competency must be attached to a power of attorney; repealing provisions relating to the current form for powers of attorney for health care; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to dispensing opticians. (BDR 54-846). Description: AN ACT relating to dispensing opticians; defining certain terms and revising certain definitions relating to ophthalmic dispensing; authorizing the Board of Dispensing Opticians to employ an Executive Director; providing immunity from civil liability to the Board and any of its members for certain acts; authorizing the Board to take certain actions against a person who commits certain violations; expanding the purposes for which the Board is authorized to accept grants, donations and contributions; revising provisions relating to the issuance, renewal, reinstatement, revocation and suspension of licenses; authorizing the Board to adopt certain regulations; requiring the Board to establish a schedule of fees relating to licensing; prescribing criteria for eligibility for a license as an apprentice dispensing optician; imposing certain requirements on an optical establishment; revising the criteria for eligibility for a license as a dispensing optician; revising certain provisions relating to a limited license as a dispensing optician; removing the authority of the Board to issue a special license as a dispensing optician; reorganizing various provisions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to fetal alcohol spectrum disorders. (BDR S-774). Description: AN ACT relating to persons with disabilities; requiring the Aging and Disability Services Division of the Department of Health and Human Services to create a pilot program to serve children diagnosed with a fetal alcohol spectrum disorder under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the issuance of bonds for environmental improvement projects in the Lake Tahoe Basin. (BDR S-388). Description: AN ACT relating to the Lake Tahoe Basin; requiring the issuance of general obligation bonds to carry out certain environmental improvement projects included in the second phase of the Environmental Improvement Program for the Lake Tahoe Basin; revising provisions relating to the use of accrued interest on the proceeds of certain previously authorized bonds; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing special event advertising. (BDR 43-975). Description: AN ACT relating to public highways; exempting special events on or near certain highways from certain restrictions on commercial advertising; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to economic development. (BDR 18-775). Description: AN ACT relating to economic development; requiring the State Treasurer to establish a tuition reimbursement program; creating the Nevada Grown Educator Account to fund the tuition reimbursement program; revising the membership of the Board of Economic Development; requiring the Governor's Office of Workforce Innovation within the Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation to establish and administer a Career Pathways Demonstration Program; requiring the Governor's Office of Workforce Innovation to establish a program for work-based learning opportunities outside of school; requiring the Superintendent of Public Instruction to develop a strategic plan for the recruitment of teachers and other licensed educational personnel; requiring large school districts and authorizing other school districts to offer a Teacher Academy College Pathway Program; revising the membership of the Commission on Professional Standards in Education; requiring the Commission to adopt certain regulations concerning the licensing of teachers and other educational personnel; authorizing a school district or governing body of a charter school or university school for profoundly gifted pupils to compensate a student who is assigned for training purposes as a student teacher, counselor, student social worker or trainee in a library; authorizing a school district and the governing body of a charter school to provide certain professional development training; authorizing the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada to enter into certain agreements and establish a program to provide information regarding admissions to certain pupils; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to cannabis. (BDR 32-893). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising provisions governing the excise tax on cannabis; requiring the Department of Taxation to adopt certain regulations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing optometry. (BDR 54-929). Description: AN ACT relating to optometry; requiring a licensee to provide certain notifications to the Nevada State Board of Optometry; authorizing persons enrolled in certain educational or residency programs to practice optometry under certain circumstances; prohibiting a licensee from prescribing ophthalmic lenses under certain circumstances; establishing certain requirements relating to the use of optometric telemedicine; reducing the fee for a veteran to obtain an initial license to practice optometry; revising certain requirements to obtain a license; revising provisions relating to the ownership of an optometry practice under an assumed or fictitious name under certain circumstances; authorizing the Board to issue citations for certain violations; requiring certain regulations adopted by the State Board of Health to authorize a licensed optometrist to serve as the director of a medical laboratory under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing prescription drugs. (BDR 57-652). Description: AN ACT relating to prescription drugs; prohibiting certain pharmacy benefit managers and health carriers from taking certain actions against entities that participate in a federal program to facilitate the discounted purchase of prescription drugs; prohibiting a program administered by the Department of Health and Human Services to provide therapeutics to persons with human immunodeficiency virus from taking similar actions; imposing certain limitations on the use of money available to administer the program to provide therapeutics to persons with human immunodeficiency virus; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expands the institutions which certain recipients of the Governor Guinn Millennium Scholarship are authorized to attend. (BDR 34-352). Description: AN ACT relating to higher education; authorizing the use of a Governor Guinn Millennium Scholarship for a course of study at an institution for which the completion of a clinical program located in this State is required; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions concerning child welfare. (BDR 11-614). Description: AN ACT relating to child welfare; establishing various provisions governing proceedings relating to the custody, adoption or protection of Indian children or the termination of parental rights; requiring the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services to adopt various regulations; requiring an agency which provides child welfare services to provide certain training for its personnel; requiring the Division and the Court Administrator to submit certain reports to the Chairs of the Senate and Assembly Standing Committees on Judiciary; authorizing the Nevada Supreme Court and the Court Administrator to adopt certain rules; repealing certain unnecessary provisions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the real property transfer tax. (BDR 32-938). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising the exemption from the real property transfer tax applicable to certain transfers of real property between business entities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain employees in the Executive Department of the State Government. (BDR 23-1085). Description: AN ACT relating to state employees; providing that an employee in the unclassified service of the Budget Division of the Office of Finance is entitled to compensation for overtime under certain circumstances; requiring the Division of Human Resource Management of the Department of Administration to conduct a study relating to the pay of certain positions within the Executive Department of the State Government; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to offenders. (BDR 16-315). Description: AN ACT relating to offenders; requiring the Director of the Department of Corrections to adopt regulations establishing and governing a program for the visitation of offenders; requiring a warden or manager to provide certain notice regarding the cancellation of visitation; establishing the Office of the Ombudsperson for Offenders; establishing the powers and duties of the Ombudsperson; providing that an offender has the right to receive visitors in person; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to legal services for indigent defendants. (BDR 14-1067). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal defense; revising provisions relating to the payment of compensation and expenses for certain attorneys who provide certain legal services to indigent defendants under certain circumstances; requiring the Board on Indigent Defense Services to adopt certain regulations relating to rates of compensation for certain attorneys who provide certain legal services to indigent defendants under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes the imposition of a civil penalty by the Department of Taxation for certain violations relating to contraband tobacco products. (BDR 32-1068). Description: AN ACT relating to tobacco; authorizing the Department of Taxation to impose a civil penalty for certain violations relating to contraband tobacco products; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Removes a requirement for the reissuance of certain license plates every 8 years. (BDR 43-1078). Description: AN ACT relating to license plates; removing the requirement for the Department of Motor Vehicles to automatically reissue certain license plates every 8 years; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the State Board of Parole Commissioners. (BDR 16-1073). Description: AN ACT relating to the State Board of Parole Commissioners; requiring the Chair of the Board to appoint an Executive Director of the Board; requiring the Chair to delegate certain powers and duties to the Executive Director; revising provisions relating to the Executive Secretary of the Board; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing child care facilities and certain child care programs. (BDR 38-1083). Description: AN ACT relating to children; transferring certain duties and authority related to the licensing and regulation of certain child care facilities from the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services to the Division of Welfare and Supportive Services of the Department; revising the membership of the Nevada Early Childhood Advisory Council; revising provisions governing the inspection and review of child care facilities; revising provisions governing the inspection and approval of certain fire facilities by certain protection officials and agencies; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the state militia. (BDR 36-1192). Description: AN ACT relating to the state militia; revising the age requirements for enlisted personnel and commissioned officers; revising provisions governing the Adjutant General of the Office of the Military; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor and the Interim Finance Committee for certain costs related to the Enterprise Resource Planning System. (BDR S-1110). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor and the Interim Finance Committee for certain costs related to the Enterprise Resource Planning System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to restore the balance in the Stale Claims Account. (BDR S-1097). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to restore the balance in the Stale Claims Account; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the State Public Works Division of the Department of Administration for professional services and filing fees related to water rights associated with the Marlette Lake Water System. (BDR S-1127). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the State Public Works Division of the Department of Administration for professional services and filing fees related to water rights associated with the Marlette Lake Water System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the State Public Works Division of the Department of Administration for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1136). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the State Public Works Division of the Department of Administration for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Purchasing Division of the Department of Administration for the purchase of a warehouse building in Las Vegas, Nevada, to replace leased space. (BDR S-1137). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Purchasing Division of the Department of Administration for the purchase of a warehouse building in Las Vegas, Nevada, to replace leased space; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Fleet Services Division of the Department of Administration for the replacement and purchase of vehicles. (BDR S-1138). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Fleet Services Division of the Department of Administration for the replacement and purchase of vehicles; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Commission on Ethics for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1139). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Commission on Ethics for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Department of Administration for certain activities and technology requirements of the National Judicial College and the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges. (BDR S-1148). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Department of Administration for certain activities and technology requirements of the National Judicial College and the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Aging and Disability Services Division of the Department of Health and Human Services for the replacement or purchase of computer hardware and associated software and door locks. (BDR S-1182). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Aging and Disability Services Division of the Department of Health and Human Services for the replacement or purchase of computer hardware and associated software and door locks; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Department of Transportation for the replacement of the Nevada Shared Radio System. (BDR S-1168). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Department of Transportation for the replacement of the Nevada Shared Radio System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the State Emergency Response Commission for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1166). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the State Emergency Response Commission for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the State Board of Parole Commissioners for the replacement of computer hardware, software and related equipment and licenses to upgrade a computer operating system. (BDR S-1158). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the State Board of Parole Commissioners for the replacement of computer hardware, software and related equipment and licenses to upgrade a computer operating system; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Interim Finance Committee to allocate to certain state agencies to implement language access plans. (BDR S-1155). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Interim Finance Committee to allocate to certain state agencies to implement language access plans; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Account for the Nevada Main Street Program. (BDR S-1149). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Account for the Nevada Main Street Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor as loans for the replacement of an information technology service management provider and computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1146). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor as loans for the replacement of an information technology service management provider and computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Workforce Innovations for a New Nevada Account. (BDR S-1145). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Workforce Innovations for a New Nevada Account; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of Economic Development in the Office of the Governor for the support of designated regional development authorities. (BDR S-1144). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of Economic Development in the Office of the Governor for the support of designated regional development authorities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Legislative Fund for annual dues for national organizations, a passenger van and information technology services projects. (BDR S-1141). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Legislative Fund for annual dues for national organizations, a passenger van and information technology services projects; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Division of State Library, Archives and Public Records of the Department of Administration for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software and the purchase of digitization equipment and technology. (BDR S-1130). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Division of State Library, Archives and Public Records of the Department of Administration for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software and the purchase of digitization equipment and technology; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor as loans for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software, the replacement of components of a security firewall and security upgrades to mountaintop microwave sites. (BDR S-1128). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor as loans for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software, the replacement of components of a security firewall and security upgrades to mountaintop microwave sites; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for the replacement of furniture and certain equipment. (BDR S-1112). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for the replacement of furniture and certain equipment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Nevada System of Higher Education for enrollment recovery at and to support certain expenditures for certain institutions. (BDR S-1180). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Nevada System of Higher Education for enrollment recovery at and to support certain expenditures for certain institutions within the System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Nevada System of Higher Education for certain information technology leases and equipment. (BDR S-1179). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Nevada System of Higher Education for the renewal of certain technology leases and the replacement of certain technological equipment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Nevada System of Higher Education for an interim study of the funding formula for the System. (BDR S-1178). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Nevada System of Higher Education for an interim study of the funding formula for the System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the University of Nevada, Reno, for the addition of weighted student credit hours resulting from the acquisition of Sierra Nevada College. (BDR S-1177). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the University of Nevada, Reno, for the addition of weighted student credit hours resulting from the acquisition of Sierra Nevada College; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Nevada Highway Patrol Division of the Department of Public Safety for the replacement or purchase of vehicles, motorcycles, weapons and certain equipment and a staffing study. (BDR S-1163). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Nevada Highway Patrol Division of the Department of Public Safety for the replacement or purchase of vehicles, motorcycles, weapons and certain equipment and a staffing study; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Department of Public Safety for costs related to the Joint Emergency Training Institute and the replacement or purchase of computer hardware and associated software, radio equipment and certain weapons. (BDR S-1162). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Department of Public Safety for costs related to the Joint Emergency Training Institute and the replacement or purchase of computer hardware and associated software, radio equipment and certain weapons; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes a supplemental appropriation to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for an unanticipated shortfall related to costs associated with the preparation of the statewide cost allocation plan. (BDR S-1100). Description: AN ACT making a supplemental appropriation to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for an unanticipated shortfall related to costs associated with the preparation of the statewide cost allocation plan; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes a supplemental appropriation to the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services for an unanticipated revenue shortfall and an increase in operating costs. (BDR S-1104). Description: AN ACT making a supplemental appropriation to the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services for an unanticipated revenue shortfall and an increase in operating costs; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions relating to background checks. (BDR 1-900). Description: AN ACT relating to background checks; establishing requirements relating to investigations into the criminal backgrounds of volunteers of a charter school, university school for profoundly gifted pupils or school district who are likely to have unsupervised contact with pupils; removing provisions authorizing the disclosure of information relating to the criminal history of an applicant for a license as a teacher or another educational personnel position to the administrator of a private school; removing certain requirements imposed on the Department of Education regarding persons whose applications for a license are denied because of a conviction of a sexual offense involving a minor; revising provisions concerning applicants for employment with a school district who are required to submit fingerprints to the school district; removing provisions requiring an applicant for employment with or employee of a private school or volunteer to submit fingerprints to the administrator of the private school and accordingly repealing provisions concerning exceptions to such a requirement; requiring applicants for certain licenses, certificates or permits to submit to the applicable regulatory body a complete set of fingerprints and written permission authorizing the applicable regulatory body to forward those fingerprints to the Central Repository for Nevada Records of Criminal History for its report on the criminal history of the applicant and for submission to the Federal Bureau of Investigation for its report on the criminal history of the applicant; removing the applicability of certain requirements to applicants for a license to practice any of the special branches of dental hygiene, dental therapy or dentistry; defining the term dentistry; revising provisions of the Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact concerning the disclosure of certain information relating to licensed psychologists; defining certain terms relating to reports on the criminal history of certain persons associated with medical cannabis establishments and adult-use cannabis establishments; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Office of Economic Development in the Office of the Governor for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software and the costs of office furniture, communication services, certain staff certification and office modification. (BDR S-1140). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Office of Economic Development in the Office of the Governor for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software and the costs of office furniture, communication services, certain staff certification and office modification; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Department of Veterans Services and the Veterans Home Account for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software, the purchase of information technology peripheral devices and the performance of certain projects. (BDR S-1143). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Department of Veterans Services and the Veterans Home Account for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software, the purchase of information technology peripheral devices and the performance of certain projects; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor as loans to the Division of Enterprise Information Technology Services of the Department of Administration for the replacement of an information technology investments tracking system and computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1147). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor as loans to the Division of Enterprise Information Technology Services of the Department of Administration for the replacement of an information technology investments tracking system and computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Department of Corrections for a staffing study and the replacement or purchase of computer hardware and software and various types of equipment, vehicles and systems. (BDR S-1157). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Department of Corrections for a staffing study and the replacement and purchase of computer hardware and software and various types of equipment, vehicles and systems; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Division of Parole and Probation of the Department of Public Safety for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software, radio equipment, certain weapons and an information technology system. (BDR S-1164). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Division of Parole and Probation of the Department of Public Safety for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software, radio equipment, certain weapons and an information technology system; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Investigation Division of the Department of Public Safety for the replacement of vehicles, radio equipment, cameras, computer hardware and associated software and certain weapons. (BDR S-1165). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Investigation Division of the Department of Public Safety for the replacement of vehicles, radio equipment, cameras, computer hardware and associated software and certain weapons; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Department of Motor Vehicles for the replacement or purchase of computer hardware and software, office furniture and equipment. (BDR S-1176). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Department of Motor Vehicles for the replacement or purchase of computer hardware and software, office furniture and equipment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software, the replacement of office furniture and equipment and deferred maintenance projects. (BDR S-1184). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software, the replacement of office furniture and equipment and deferred maintenance projects; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Division of Welfare and Supportive Services of the Department of Health and Human Services for certain information technology upgrades and projects. (BDR S-1185). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Division of Welfare and Supportive Services of the Department of Health and Human Services for certain information technology upgrades and projects; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the award of tuition assistance and stipends under the Incentivizing Pathways to Teaching Grant Program. (BDR 34-1216). Description: AN ACT relating to education; creating the Incentivizing Pathways to Teaching Grant Program in the Department of Education; providing for the award of grants to certain universities and colleges under the Program; requiring certain universities and colleges receiving grants under the Program to award tuition assistance and stipends to students who meet certain requirements; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Nevada Indian Commission. (BDR 18-1215). Description: AN ACT relating to Indian affairs; creating the Department of Native American Affairs; transferring the Nevada Indian Commission from the Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs to the Department of Native American Affairs; transferring responsibility for administering the Account for the Protection and Rehabilitation of the Stewart Indian School to the Executive Director of the Department; revising provisions relating to the Account for the Protection and Rehabilitation of the Stewart Indian School; establishing certain duties of the Executive Director and the Department; revising certain duties of the Commission; revising the membership of certain boards on which a representative of the Commission serves; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the Legislative Counsel Bureau. (BDR 17-447). Description: AN ACT relating to the Legislative Counsel Bureau; requiring the Legislative Auditor to conduct performance audits of certain school districts and the State Public Charter School Authority; authorizing the Chair of the Interim Finance Committee to request certain additional audits of school districts; establishing provisions governing such performance audits; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes a program to provide matching funds to certain qualified projects related to the prevention of homelessness and provision of assistance to persons who are experiencing homelessness. (BDR 18-1226). Description: AN ACT relating to homelessness; establishing a program to provide matching funds to certain qualified projects; authorizing the governing body of a city or county to provide an abatement of certain fees; authorizing the Department of Health and Human Services to create provider codes for certain purposes related to Medicaid billing; creating the Homelessness Support Services Matching Account; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to indigent defense. (BDR 14-1194). Description: AN ACT relating to indigent defense; establishing the maximum amount that certain counties are required to pay for the provision of indigent defense services for Fiscal Year 2023-2024; establishing a formula for determining the maximum amount that such counties may be required to pay for the provision of indigent defense services in subsequent fiscal years; establishing a formula for determining the maximum amount that other counties may be required to pay for the provision of indigent defense services; prohibiting a county from seeking state contributions for the provision of indigent defense services in excess of the maximum county contribution for the costs of capital improvement projects relating to the provision of indigent defense services; establishing the procedure by which a county may seek state contributions for the provision of indigent defense services in excess of the maximum county contribution; authorizing the designee of a board of county commissioners to perform certain actions relating to corrective action plans; revising the date on which certain reports related to the provision of indigent defense services must be submitted to the Department of Indigent Defense Services; making an appropriation to the Interim Finance Committee for allocation to the Department for the reimbursement of counties for costs in excess of their maximum contribution amounts for the provision of indigent defense services and for the funding of certain other costs relating to the provision of indigent defense services; making an appropriation to the Department for certain costs related to pretrial release hearings that are or may be conducted on a weekend or holiday; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions governing capital projects of school districts. (BDR 34-1202). Description: AN ACT relating to capital projects; requiring the board of county commissioners of certain counties to levy a property tax for capital projects of school districts; authorizing the board of county commissioners of certain counties to levy a property tax for capital projects of school districts for which a grant is available from the Fund to Assist Rural School Districts in Financing Capital Improvements; exempting that property tax from certain partial abatements during the first fiscal year in which the tax is imposed; exempting both property taxes from the statutory limitation on the total ad valorem tax levy; creating the Fund to Assist Rural School Districts in Financing Capital Improvements; requiring the board of county commissioners of certain counties to establish an oversight panel for school district capital improvement projects; making appropriations to the Fund; making an appropriation to the Elko County School District for the construction of a school on the Duck Valley Indian Reservation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the compensation of state employees. (BDR S-1212). Description: AN ACT relating to public employees; establishing the maximum allowed salaries for certain state employees; making appropriations from the State General Fund and State Highway Fund for increases in the salaries of and the payment of retention incentives to certain employees of the State; establishing a plan for continuity of service of certain employees of the State; revising provisions relating to the designation of the Legislative Fiscal Officer; eliminating a certain salary limitation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-1219). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising certain sources of revenue for the State Education Fund; authorizing a temporary advance from the Education Stabilization Account or the State General Fund to the State Education Fund under certain circumstances; revising provisions relating to inflation for determining the statewide base per pupil funding amount; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises certain provisions governing electric utilities. (BDR 58-985). Description: AN ACT relating to energy; revising a definition relating to certain renewable energy facilities; revising provisions governing the submission of general rate applications; revising provisions governing the integrated resource plan submitted triennially by a utility; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations for various purposes relating to health, education, employment and other community services. (BDR S-1225). Description: AN ACT making appropriations for various purposes relating to health, education, employment and other community services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to state financial administration. (BDR S-1205). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; providing for the redistribution of certain money authorized for expenditure to certain nonprofit organizations; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to emergency management. (BDR 36-237). Description: AN ACT relating to emergency management; revising provisions relating to the State Disaster Identification Coordination Committee of the Division of Emergency Management of the Office of the Military; transferring the duty to adopt regulations governing the Committee from the Office of the Military to the Division; revising provisions relating to the reporting to the Committee of certain information regarding the treatment of certain persons; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the membership of the Nevada Commission on Homeland Security. (BDR 19-236). Description: AN ACT relating to homeland security; revising the membership of the Nevada Commission on Homeland Security; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing certain programs to pay for prescription drugs, pharmaceutical services and other benefits. (BDR 40-220). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; revising provisions governing the use of certain proceeds of litigation against manufacturers of tobacco products to pay for prescription drugs, pharmaceutical services and other benefits; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes the Division of Emergency Management in the Office of the Military to use money in the Emergency Assistance Account for certain additional purposes. (BDR 36-239). Description: AN ACT relating to emergency management; authorizing the Division of Emergency Management in the Office of the Military to use money in the Emergency Assistance Account for the purpose of emergency management; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to juvenile justice. (BDR 23-262). Description: AN ACT relating to juvenile justice; designating criminal investigators employed by the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services as category II peace officers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-282). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising the date by which a school district or public school is required to create and post certain reports on the Internet; revising certain limitations on the use of money appropriated for programs of career and technical education; eliminating end-of-course finals; revising provisions governing educational involvement accords; eliminating the use of certain forms prescribed by the Department of Education that teachers in elementary schools are authorized to use to provide certain reports to parents and legal guardians of pupils; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to the Nevada State Infrastructure Bank. (BDR 35-358). Description: AN ACT relating to the Nevada State Infrastructure Bank; requiring the Bank to keep confidential certain information; removing the Bank from the Department of Transportation and
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the Department of Public Safety to adopt certain regulations relating to unmanned aerial vehicles. (BDR 44-370). Description: AN ACT relating to unmanned aerial vehicles; requiring the Department of Public Safety to adopt certain regulations relating to unmanned aerial vehicles; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing pest control. (BDR 49-234). Description: AN ACT relating to pest control; revising references to certain federal statutes related to pesticides; clarifying that pest control includes certain acts conducted as a function of certain governmental entities; revising certain requirements relating to records of the sale or distribution of restricted-use pesticides; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes related to gaming. (BDR 41-259). Description: AN ACT relating to gaming; authorizing the Chair of the Nevada Gaming Control Board to administratively approve certain persons to temporarily engage in certain gaming activities or receive proceeds therefrom without procuring a state gaming license; revising the definition of gaming employee; revising provisions relating to delinquent debt owed to the Board that is determined to be impossible or impracticable to collect; revising provisions concerning the general powers and duties of the Board and the Nevada Gaming Commission; authorizing persons aggrieved by final decisions or orders of the Commission relating to disciplinary matters to obtain a judicial review of a decision or order in the district court in and for Carson City; providing that any person authorized to receive a share of the revenue from a slot machine operated on the premises of a gaming licensee is liable for his or her proportionate share of a license fee for the slot machines; including additional fees for which prepayment credit may be granted with regard to continuing operations; authorizing the Commission to adopt certain regulations defining the scope of the power and authority of the Board and Commission relating to hosting centers, interactive gaming service providers and service providers; exempting persons who accept employment or an independent contract with the Commission as a Commissioner appointed by the Governor from certain provisions of law governing the employment of retired public employees; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions of the Charter of Carson City. (BDR S-350). Description: AN ACT relating to the Charter of Carson City; amending provisions relating to the deadline for realigning the boundaries of wards; revising provisions related to the terms of Supervisors of Carson City; amending the time limit for the Board of Supervisors of Carson City to adopt or reject an ordinance or amendment; revising provisions related to filling a vacancy in the Office of Mayor; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing required meetings of planning commissions in certain counties. (BDR 22-307). Description: AN ACT relating to land use planning; revising requirements regarding the frequency of meetings of planning commissions in certain counties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to local governments. (BDR 21-397). Description: AN ACT relating to local governments; prohibiting, with certain exceptions, a governing body of a city from annexing certain territory; authorizing, under certain circumstances, a board of county commissioners to form an unincorporated town that consists of certain territory; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises certain classifications based on populations. (BDR 20-391). Description: AN ACT relating to classifications based on population; revising the population bases that apply to certain provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the publication of legal notices. (BDR 19-390). Description: AN ACT relating to legal notices; authorizing, under certain circumstances, the publication of a legal notice or advertisement on the Internet website of a newspaper; making various other changes relating to legal notices and advertisements; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain legislative bodies to amend a redevelopment plan to remove an area from a redevelopment area under certain circumstances. (BDR 22-367). Description: AN ACT relating to redevelopment; authorizing certain legislative bodies to amend a redevelopment plan to remove an area from a redevelopment area under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental administration. (BDR 18-404). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; revising provisions governing the funding of the Office of Small Business Advocacy within the Office of the Lieutenant Governor; extending the prospective expiration of the Office of Small Business Advocacy; moving the Keep Nevada Working Task Force from the Office of the Lieutenant Governor to the Office of the Secretary of State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Implements process for long-term planning for state office space. (BDR 28-217). Description: AN ACT relating to public works; requiring the State Public Works Board of the State Public Works Division of the Department of Administration to consider certain plans for office space in making certain recommendations to the Governor and Legislature; requiring the Division and departments and agencies of this State to cooperate in implementing and maintaining certain plans for office space; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to excavations in areas containing subsurface installations. (BDR 40-224). Description: AN ACT relating to excavations; revising provisions governing excavations conducted in areas that are known or reasonably should be known to contain a subsurface installation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to refunds of overpayments of taxes. (BDR 32-216). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; prohibiting interest payments on certain refunds of taxes that were over-collected by the taxpayer; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Exempts persons engaged exclusively in transporting persons between certain states or within this State for certain purposes from provisions governing private investigators and related professions. (BDR 54-420). Description: AN ACT relating to the Private Investigator's Licensing Board; exempting persons engaged exclusively in transporting persons for the purposes of a temporary transfer of custody pursuant to the Agreement on Detainers, extradition pursuant to the Uniform Criminal Extradition Act or a temporary or permanent transfer of the custody of a person from one state or local governmental agency to another from licensure and regulation by the Board; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to legal representation in certain actions or proceedings. (BDR 3-422). Description: AN ACT relating to legal services; authorizing the Attorney General or the chief legal officer or other authorized representative of a political subdivision of this State to provide legal representation to certain officers or employees of the State or a political subdivision thereof in certain actions or proceedings; revising provisions relating to special counsel employed by the Attorney General; revising provisions governing the legal representation of certain persons by the Attorney General; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to controlled substances. (BDR 40-423). Description: AN ACT relating to controlled substances; establishing the crimes of trafficking and high-level trafficking in illicitly manufactured fentanyl, any derivative of fentanyl or any mixture which contains illicitly manufactured fentanyl or any derivative of fentanyl; establishing the crime of intentional misrepresentation of a fentanyl product; requiring each state and local law enforcement agency and the Nevada Sentencing Commission to submit certain reports to the Joint Interim Standing Committee on the Judiciary; requiring, to the extent that money is available, the establishment of certain programs to provide certain offenders or prisoners who have a substance use disorder with medication-assisted treatment; requiring the Joint Interim Standing Committee on the Judiciary to conduct an interim study concerning certain matters relating to forensic laboratories; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to psychosexual evaluations for sexual offenses and other crimes. (BDR 14-424). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; requiring the Division of Parole and Probation of the Department of Public Safety to make a presentence investigation and report to the court that includes a psychosexual evaluation in certain circumstances; requiring the Division to arrange a psychosexual evaluation in certain circumstances when the defendant and prosecuting attorney make a joint request; requiring certain defendants to be certified as not representing a high risk to reoffend before the court may grant probation to or suspend the sentence of the defendant; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes governmental attorneys to volunteer as third-party neutral mediators under certain circumstances. (BDR 1-428). Description: AN ACT relating to attorneys; authorizing governmental attorneys to volunteer as third-party neutral mediators under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to offenses against children. (BDR 15-425). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; prohibiting certain employees of or volunteers at a school from contacting or communicating with a pupil under certain circumstances; prohibiting certain employees of or volunteers at a school from engaging in conduct intended to cause or encourage a pupil to engage in sexual conduct, transmit or distribute a sexual image of the pupil or engage in certain other behavior; prohibiting a court from ordering a victim or witness of such conduct to be subject to a psychological or psychiatric examination; providing that certain persons who are convicted of engaging in such conduct are subject to various statutory provisions relating to electronic communications devices; revising provisions relating to the licensure and employment of persons convicted of engaging in certain prohibited conduct with pupils; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that certain records received, obtained and compiled by the Board on Indigent Defense Services in the Department of Indigent Defense Services and the Department are confidential under certain circumstances. (BDR 14-215). Description: AN ACT relating to indigent services; providing that certain records received by the Board on Indigent Defense Services in the Department of Indigent Defense Services or the Department which are protected by the attorney-client privilege are confidential; providing that certain records received by the Board or the Department relating to the conduct of an attorney are confidential under certain circumstances; providing that certain records which are voluntarily disclosed to the Department remain protected by the attorney-client privilege under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to public works. (BDR 28-535). Description: AN ACT relating to public works; revising provisions relating to the use of apprentices on public works; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to manufactured housing. (BDR 43-270). Description: AN ACT relating to manufactured housing; changing the name of the document issued by the Housing Division of the Department of Business and Industry indicating the ownership of a manufactured home, mobile home, manufactured building or commercial coach or factory-built housing from a certificate of ownership to a certificate of title; authorizing the Administrator of the Division to issue certain documents in electronic form; revising requirements for certain transactions involving the ownership of a manufactured home, mobile home, manufactured building or commercial coach or factory-built housing; revising eligibility requirements for persons seeking assistance from the Account for Affordable Housing; revising provisions governing local ordinances concerning the placement of certain manufactured homes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the funding of medical assistance to indigent persons. (BDR 38-398). Description: AN ACT relating to public welfare; expanding the authorized uses of money in a county fund for medical assistance to indigent persons; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to services for aging persons and persons with disabilities. (BDR 38-219). Description: AN ACT relating to aging and disability services; revising the qualifications of the members of the Nevada Commission on Aging; requiring certain updates to the strategic plan for persons with disabilities as the Aging and Disability Services Division of the Department of Health and Human Services determines to be necessary; revising the duties of the Nevada Commission on Services for Persons with Disabilities; revising certain titles; revising a certain plan for the provision of services to persons who are deaf, hard of hearing or speech impaired; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to dental and oral health care. (BDR 38-221). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; transferring the State Dental Health Officer from the Division of Health Care Financing and Policy of the Department of Health and Human Services to the Department; revising provisions governing the qualifications for appointment as the State Dental Health Officer or the State Public Health Dental Hygienist; transferring the State Program for Oral Health, the Advisory Committee on the State Program for Oral Health and certain duties from the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services to the Department; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes the amount for the personal needs allowance provided to certain recipients of Medicaid. (BDR 38-295). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; establishing the amount of the personal needs allowance provided to certain recipients of Medicaid who reside in facilities for skilled nursing; authorizing certain expenditures; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the sales tax holiday for certain members of the Nevada National Guard and certain relatives of such members. (BDR 32-253). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising provisions governing the sales tax holiday occurring over the day on which Nevada Day is observed and the immediately following weekend for certain members of the National Guard and certain relatives of such members; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-409). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; requiring the Secretary of State to prepare, maintain and publish an elections procedures manual; requiring county and city clerks to comply with the most recent version of such a manual; requiring the Secretary of State to provide training to certain elections officials related to election procedures; providing for the attendance of certain election officials at such training; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions relating to courts. (BDR 1-432). Description: AN ACT relating to courts; revising provisions governing the clerks of a justice court; revising provisions relating to the jurisdiction of justice courts in criminal cases; revising the amount of credit a court must provide for community service; repealing obsolete provisions relating to the successors of a justice of the peace; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to insurance. (BDR 57-272). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; revising requirements relating to the submission of certain information to the Commissioner of Insurance by certain persons regulated by the Commissioner; revising provisions concerning the confidentiality of certain records and information; revising requirements for the delivery of certain notices and other documents by electronic means; revising requirements for the conduct of certain hearings before the Commissioner; revising provisions relating to the imposition of certain fees; revising requirements for the issuance and renewal of certain licenses and certificates; revising provisions relating to administrators; prohibiting certain insurers from taking certain actions concerning prescription drugs; revising provisions relating to annuities; imposing certain requirements on persons involved in the sale of prepaid contracts for funeral or burial services; revising certain requirements relating to captive insurers; revising procedures for delinquency proceedings against an insurer; revising provisions relating to bail agents, bail enforcement agents, bail solicitors and general agents; making various other changes relating to insurance; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to the Judicial Department of the State Government. (BDR 1-436). Description: AN ACT relating to the judiciary; revising provisions relating to the employees of the Judicial Department of the State Government; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to vessels. (BDR 43-225). Description: AN ACT relating to vessels; revising certain crimes relating to the operation of a vessel while under the influence of alcohol or a prohibited substance; revising certain terminology; clarifying that mechanically propelled personal hydrofoils, motorized surfboards and vessels equipped with both a sail and a motor are subject to certain requirements governing power-driven vessels; making certain provisions governing vessels applicable to governmental entities; requiring a sailing vessel to be numbered; revising certain class categories for vessels; revising provisions governing the removal of an abandoned vessel; revising the prohibition on operating a power-driven vessel under certain circumstances; authorizing a court to prohibit a person from operating any vessel on the interstate waters of this State under certain circumstances; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to exploitation involving the deposits or proceeds of an account held by an older person or a vulnerable person in joint tenancy. (BDR 15-427). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; providing that the holding of an account in joint tenancy does not, in and of itself, convey to the persons named on the account legal ownership of the account and the deposits and proceeds of the account in a manner that would preclude such a person from committing or being prosecuted for exploitation involving the control or conversion of any deposits or proceeds of the account; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Commission on Judicial Discipline. (BDR 1-437). Description: AN ACT relating to the Commission on Judicial Discipline; clarifying the jurisdiction of the Commission and the State Bar of Nevada with regard to judges who are licensed to practice law in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Judicial Department of State Government. (BDR 1-435). Description: AN ACT relating to the Judicial Department of State Government; making various changes relating to the policies and procedures of the Judicial Department; authorizing a judge to hold court by means of remote communication in certain circumstances; requiring the Nevada Supreme Court to prescribe certain policies and procedures relating to the Judicial Department by rule; authorizing a judge or justice of the peace to have a partner or associate who practices law in this State under certain circumstances; revising the duties of the Court Administrator; replacing the term regulation with rule for purposes of certain provisions of law relating to the Judicial Department; revising provisions relating to court interpreters; codifying in statute language from the Nevada Constitution relating to the expiration of the term of office for a justice appointed to fill a vacancy on the Nevada Supreme Court; revising provisions concerning the provision of certain resources to the Supreme Court and the district courts; providing that certain orders for protection issued in another state are not subject to certain requirements to be given full faith and credit in this State; repealing obsolete provisions relating to the Judicial Department; repealing various provisions relating to court seals, qualifications of certain employees and reports; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public safety. (BDR 43-256). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; establishing certain circumstances under which a person is disqualified from operating a commercial motor vehicle; requiring a court to notify the Department of Motor Vehicles if a person is convicted of certain offenses; prohibiting an employer from allowing a person to operate a commercial motor vehicle under certain circumstances; requiring the Department to adopt certain regulations to comply with certain federal regulations; requiring the Department to furnish full information regarding a driving record to certain persons upon request; revising provisions relating to railroad grade crossings; revising provisions concerning the crime of involuntary servitude; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the definition of the term sexual offense for the purpose of certain provisions relating to parole. (BDR 16-258). Description: AN ACT relating to parole; revising the definition of the term sexual offense for the purpose of certain provisions relating to parole; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the recruitment and retention of school staff. (BDR 34-439). Description: AN ACT relating to education; renaming the Nevada State Teacher Recruitment and Retention Advisory Task Force; revising the membership of the Task Force to include education support professionals; revising the powers and duties of the Task Force; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Directs the Joint Interim Standing Committee on Education to conduct certain studies during the 2023-2024 interim. (BDR S-441). Description: AN ACT relating to education; directing the Joint Interim Standing Committee on Education to conduct certain studies during the 2023-2024 interim and report its findings to the Legislature; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the prevention and treatment of injuries to the head. (BDR 34-549). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; requiring the Superintendent of Public Instruction to adopt a policy concerning the treatment of injuries to the head; revising the contents of certain policies adopted by the Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association, the board of trustees of a school district and organizations for youth sports concerning the prevention and treatment of injuries to the head; requiring certain schools to adopt such a policy; revising the requirements for a provider of health care to perform certain functions under such a policy; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to retention payments under certain highway contracts. (BDR 35-665). Description: AN ACT relating to highways; revising provisions governing the amount of money that the Director of the Department of Transportation must retain under certain highway contracts; revising provisions governing the disbursement of money by a contractor to a subcontractor or supplier; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to state employment. (BDR 23-343). Description: AN ACT relating to state employment; authorizing, under certain circumstances, an appointing authority to appoint without competition certain persons to fill a position in the classified service of the Executive Department of State Government; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes a licensed clinical alcohol and drug counselor to supervise a certified problem gambling counselor intern. (BDR 54-57). Description: AN ACT relating to alcohol, drug and gambling counselors; authorizing a licensed clinical alcohol and drug counselor who meets certain requirements to supervise a certified problem gambling counselor intern; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to sidewalk vendors. (BDR 20-53). Description: AN ACT relating to sidewalk vendors; establishing certain requirements for the regulation of sidewalk vendors by the governing body of certain counties and cities; requiring a local board of health to adopt certain regulations relating to sidewalk vendors who sell food; creating the Task Force on Safe Sidewalk Vending; setting forth the membership and duties of the Task Force on Safe Sidewalk Vending; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to employment. (BDR 23-882). Description: AN ACT relating to disabilities; establishing the State as a Model Employer Program in the Division of Human Resource Management of the Department of Administration; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-444). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising provisions relating to annual reports of accountability for public schools; revising provisions relating to the Education Stabilization Account; revising provisions relating to the Commission on School Funding; requiring the Commission to conduct interim studies on school funding and accountability for school funding; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Desert Research Institute of the Nevada System of Higher Education to support the Nevada State Cloud Seeding Program. (BDR S-592). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Desert Research Institute of the Nevada System of Higher Education to support the Nevada State Cloud Seeding Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the Nevada Sentencing Commission within the Department of Sentencing Policy. (BDR 14-308). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal justice; revising the membership, powers and duties of the Nevada Sentencing Commission; establishing the Subcommittee on Misdemeanors of the Sentencing Commission; prescribing the membership, powers and duties of the Subcommittee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Department of Corrections. (BDR 18-320). Description: AN ACT relating to the Department of Corrections; making the Department subject to the provisions of Nevada Administrative Procedure Act for purposes of adopting certain regulations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to ophthalmic dispensing. (BDR 54-543). Description: AN ACT relating to ophthalmic dispensing; exempting the sale of prescription eyewear to intended wearers outside this State from provisions regulating ophthalmic dispensing under certain circumstances; authorizing the imposition of certain administrative action and injunctive relief for certain violations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to contractors performing work on a highway. (BDR 35-537). Description: AN ACT relating to highways; requiring the Department of Transportation to establish a program to allow contractors performing certain work on a highway to obtain a permit for the use of certain law enforcement vehicles; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing anatomical gifts. (BDR 40-453). Description: AN ACT relating to anatomical gifts; authorizing a coroner or medical examiner to release a body or part of a body that is the subject of an anatomical gift under certain circumstances; prescribing a procedure for a court to appoint a person to make an anatomical gift of part or all of a decedent's body under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the operation of vehicles on certain highways in the State of Nevada. (BDR 43-593). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; requiring vehicles operating on certain highways in this State with one lane for traveling in each direction to display daytime running lamps or lighted lamps and illuminating devices under certain circumstances; revising certain provisions governing the requirements for lamps and other equipment on vehicles and implements of husbandry during certain times and conditions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to groundwater management plans. (BDR 48-595). Description: AN ACT relating to water; requiring the State Engineer to affirm or modify the perennial yield of a basin in a designated critical management area; revising provisions relating to groundwater management plans; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the mitigation of certain projects. (BDR 20-679). Description: AN ACT relating to counties; revising provisions relating to compensatory mitigation for losses of aquatic resources; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to community health workers. (BDR 38-333). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; authorizing Medicaid coverage for the services of certain community health workers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public health. (BDR 40-334). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; authorizing the creation of a health district by certain counties which are not physically adjacent; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the continuation of certain requirements governing insurance coverage of telehealth services. (BDR 57-336). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; revising provisions governing the circumstances under which certain insurers are required to provide reimbursement for services provided through telehealth in the same amount as services provided in person or through other means; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the tax upon the net proceeds of minerals and royalties of mining operations. (BDR 32-908). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising the manner by which a portion of the revenue generated by the tax upon the net proceeds of minerals and royalties of mining operations is distributed to the State Education Fund; revising provisions relating to the transfer of money to the Education Stabilization Account in the State Education Fund; clarifying the treatment of the proceeds of such a tax within a county school district fund; clarifying the status of the money contained in such a fund on a certain date; providing for the early expiration of certain requirements regarding the imposition and advance payment of a portion of the tax upon the net proceeds of minerals and royalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the NV Grow Program. (BDR S-791). Description: AN ACT relating to economic development; revising provisions governing the NV Grow Program; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain civil actions involving sexual assault. (BDR 2-573). Description: AN ACT relating to civil actions; eliminating the statute of limitations for certain civil actions involving sexual assault; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to reproductive health care. (BDR 54-44). Description: AN ACT relating to reproductive health care; prohibiting health care licensing boards from disqualifying from licensure or disciplining a person for providing or assisting in the provision of certain reproductive health care services; prohibiting the Governor from surrendering, or issuing an arrest warrant for, a person who is charged in another state with a criminal violation related to certain reproductive health care services; prohibiting state agencies from assisting in certain investigations and proceedings initiated in other states related to certain reproductive health care services; requiring certain health care licensing boards to examine the feasibility of reciprocal licensure for health care providers who provide reproductive health care services in other states; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to insurance coverage for living organ donors. (BDR 57-551). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; prohibiting discrimination against a living organ donor in a policy or contract of life insurance, life annuity or health insurance; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to vision insurance. (BDR 57-642). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; prohibiting an insurer from entering into a contract with a provider of vision care that contains certain provisions; requiring a provider of vision care to make certain disclosures to a covered person; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to employee misclassification. (BDR 53-159). Description: AN ACT relating to employee misclassification; authorizing the Labor Commissioner to collect investigative costs; revising provisions relating to the communication between offices of certain state agencies of information relating to employee misclassification; revising the administrative penalties that may be imposed for certain conduct relating to employee misclassification; eliminating the Task Force on Employee Misclassification; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to health care. (BDR 40-462). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; revising provisions governing the regulation of hospitals; prohibiting a health carrier from denying certain providers of health care from entering into a contract to join the network of the health carrier under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes changes relating to employment. (BDR 53-463). Description: AN ACT relating to employment; requiring the payment of certain wages and compensation to an employee when an employer places the employee on a certain work status; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to corrections. (BDR 16-126). Description: AN ACT relating to corrections; requiring the Director of the Department of Corrections to adopt regulations prescribing certain standards concerning offenders who are transgender, gender non-conforming, gender non-binary and intersex; requiring a program of facility training for correctional staff to include training in cultural competency for interacting with offenders who are transgender, gender non-conforming, gender non-binary and intersex; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to crimes. (BDR 14-244). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising provisions relating to certain crimes committed by homeless persons; authorizing a justice court or a municipal court to transfer original jurisdiction of certain cases to the district court to enable the defendant to receive assisted outpatient treatment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to pest control. (BDR 49-608). Description: AN ACT relating to pest control; requiring the Director of the State Department of Agriculture to adopt regulations to authorize a person to train as an applicator to engage in pest control activities under certain circumstances; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes revisions relating to personal health and wellness. (BDR 38-811). Description: AN ACT relating to personal health; expanding required insurance coverage of contraception; providing for the use of benefits under certain federal programs for persons with low incomes to purchase menstrual products; authorizing the establishment of a program to assist certain recipients of public assistance in the purchase of menstrual products; authorizing certain persons and entities to acquire controlled substances and dangerous drugs directly from an outsourcing facility; revising requirements governing the dispensing of a drug used for contraception; enacting the Interstate Massage Compact; increasing the number of members of the Board of Massage Therapy required to constitute a quorum for the purposes of transacting the business of the Board; clarifying that a pharmacy benefit manager is subject to certain provisions of law governing an insurer for which the pharmacy benefit manager manages prescription drug coverage; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires certain health insurance to cover treatment of certain conditions relating to gender dysphoria and gender incongruence. (BDR 57-129). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; requiring certain health insurance to include coverage for the treatment of conditions relating to gender dysphoria and gender incongruence; prohibiting such insurers from engaging in certain discrimination on the basis of gender identity or expression; making appropriations and authorizing certain expenditures; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to special license plates. (BDR 43-8). Description: AN ACT relating to special license plates; revising provisions governing the distribution of fees collected for the issuance or renewal of special license plates indicating support for the Divine Nine; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to collective bargaining by public employees. (BDR 23-556). Description: AN ACT relating to collective bargaining; revising the definition of supervisory employee for the purposes of collective bargaining for local government and state employees; revising the provisions relating to bargaining units of state employees who are peace officers or supervisory employees; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Prohibits the imposition of step therapy under certain circumstances. (BDR 57-81). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; prohibiting the imposition of a step therapy protocol for a drug prescribed to treat a psychiatric condition under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the ability of a minor to consent to certain health care services. (BDR 11-654). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; authorizing a minor to give express consent to certain health care providers for certain services for the prevention of sexually transmitted diseases and pregnancy; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-364). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; requiring each county and city clerk to schedule certain meetings with each Indian tribe located in whole or in part within the county or city; requiring the Secretary of State to allow a member of an Indian tribe who resides on an Indian reservation or Indian colony to use the system of approved electronic transmission to register to vote and request and cast a ballot; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Imposes requirements governing Medicaid coverage of certain antipsychotic or anticonvulsant drugs. (BDR 38-82). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring Medicaid and health maintenance organizations and other managed care organizations providing coverage to recipients of Medicaid to cover certain antipsychotic or anticonvulsant drugs under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to economic development. (BDR 18-683). Description: AN ACT relating to economic development; revising certain requirements for approval of partial tax abatements by the Board of Economic Development and the Executive Director of the Office of Economic Development; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing motor vehicles. (BDR 43-674). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; requiring the Director of the Department of Motor Vehicles to accept certain proof of ownership from certain manufacturers of fully autonomous vehicles; exempting certain manufacturers of fully autonomous vehicles from certain requirements relating to franchises and facilities for the repair or maintenance of vehicles; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to Communities In Schools of Nevada for the purpose of providing integrated student support services. (BDR S-499). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to Communities In Schools of Nevada to provide integrated student support services to pupils enrolled in public schools in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes certain changes relating to applied behavior analysis. (BDR 38-545). Description: AN ACT relating to applied behavior analysis; requiring the State Plan for Medicaid to include coverage for certain services related to applied behavior analysis; revising the issuance fee for a license as a behavior analyst or an assistant behavior analyst; making appropriations to and authorizing expenditures by the Division of Health Care Financing and Policy of the Department of Health and Human Services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to county hospitals and county hospital districts. (BDR 40-749). Description: AN ACT relating to hospitals; authorizing the board of trustees of a county hospital district to hold closed meetings under certain circumstances; revising provisions governing meetings of a board of hospital trustees of a county hospital; revising certain provisions related to a hospital advisory board; authorizing a board of hospital trustees or hospital governing board to employ dentists; revises certain exemptions governing unprofessional conduct by a dentist employed by a board of hospital trustees or hospital governing board; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to step therapy protocols. (BDR 57-885). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; requiring certain insurers to use evidence-based guidelines when developing a step therapy protocol; requiring such insurers to create a process by which an attending practitioner and an insured are authorized to apply for an exemption from a step therapy protocol; requiring such insurers to grant such an exemption in certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to cannabis. (BDR 56-452). Description: AN ACT relating to cannabis; revising provisions relating to disciplinary action taken by the Cannabis Compliance Board against the holder of a license or registration card issued by the Board; requiring the Board to adopt regulations governing the transfer of an ownership interest in a cannabis establishment; revising provisions governing the fees the Board is authorized to charge; requiring the Board to adopt regulations governing the charging and collecting of certain fees; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to interscholastic activities and events. (BDR 34-868). Description: AN ACT relating to interscholastic activities; prohibiting certain persons from requiring a pupil to participate in certain out-of-school activities as a condition of participating in a sanctioned sport or spirit squad at a school; providing for a system of progressive discipline for certain violations; requiring certain persons to submit a report concerning any association with an out-of-school activity relating to a sanctioned sport or spirit squad; requiring certain school employees to notify a pupil and the parent or legal guardian of the pupil of certain rights afforded to the pupil before the pupil participates in a sanctioned sport or other interscholastic activity or event; providing for additional eligibility for certain pupils to participate in certain interscholastic activities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the registration of off-highway vehicles. (BDR 43-546). Description: AN ACT relating to off-highway vehicles; revising provisions governing the registration of certain off-highway vehicles; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to Lucinda Cindy Benjamin for her many years of service to the Nevada Assembly. (BDR R-1234). Description: Expressing appreciation to Lucinda Cindy Benjamin for her many years of service to the Nevada Assembly.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires counties and cities to enact certain ordinances relating to battery-charged fences. (BDR 20-853). Description: AN ACT relating to local governments; requiring the governing body of a county or city to enact ordinances relating to battery-charged fences; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to marriage. (BDR 11-656). Description: AN ACT relating to marriage; requiring, under certain circumstances, a county clerk to issue an amended certificate of marriage to a party to a marriage whose name has changed; eliminating the authority for an applicant for a marriage license to change his or her middle or last name at the time of issuance of a marriage license; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental administration. (BDR 18-898). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; eliminating the Advisory Council on Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics within the Office of Science, Innovation and Technology in the Office of the Governor; eliminating the Commission on Educational Technology and transferring the duties of the Commission to the Department of Education; eliminating the requirement for the Department of Education to establish the Competency-Based Education Network; eliminating the authority of the Nevada System of Higher Education to establish the Committee on Anatomical Dissection; eliminating the authority of the Advisory Council on the State Program for Wellness and the Prevention of Chronic Disease to appoint an advisory group to study the delivery of health care through patient-centered medical homes; eliminating the Advisory Committee to the Juvenile Justice Oversight Commission; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to Medicaid. (BDR S-951). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the establishment of a specific billing category and methodology for reimbursing clinics that provide certain services to children under Medicaid; making an appropriation to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Division of Health Care Financing and Policy of the Department of Health and Human Services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to juries. (BDR 1-192). Description: AN ACT relating to juries; revising provisions governing the selection of jurors; increasing the fee to which a person summoned to attend as a juror or serve as a juror is entitled; making an appropriation to the Administrative Office of the Courts for the establishment of a connection to the information technology systems of the Department of Health and Human Services for certain purposes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to real property. (BDR 2-657). Description: AN ACT relating to real property; revising certain requirements for the recording of a notice of pendency of an action affecting real property; revising provisions relating to landlords and tenants; revising certain requirements for the sale of real property pursuant to the power of sale under a deed of trust; revising certain definitions; revising requirements for the recording of certain instruments; clarifying the circumstances under which certain claims of a real estate broker are satisfied; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing peace officers. (BDR 23-651). Description: AN ACT relating to peace officers; revising provisions relating to the required contents of an application for certification as a peace officer; requiring a law enforcement agency to provide to the Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission certain notice and information concerning peace officers employed by the agency; prohibiting a law enforcement agency from requiring a peace officer to make certain attestations concerning cannabis as a condition precedent to employment; prescribing requirements for certain standards adopted by regulation of the Commission; disqualifying certain persons from serving as peace officers; requiring the Executive Director of the Commission to report certain information to the National Decertification Index of the International Association of Directors of Law Enforcement Standards and Training or an equivalent database; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing governmental financial administration. (BDR 28-494). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental financial administration; providing a declaration of legislative intent regarding the payment of prevailing wages on public works projects; establishing certain requirements relating to certain organizations that partner with certain public bodies for the construction of hospitals, medical education buildings or medical research buildings; requiring the payment of prevailing wages on certain leases and lease-purchase and installment-purchase agreements entered into by local governments; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Interim Finance Committee for allocation to school districts that budget salary increases for certain employees and to the Department of Education for certain personnel costs. (BDR S-508). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Interim Finance Committee for allocation to school districts that budget salary increases for certain employees; making an appropriation to the Department of Education for certain personnel costs; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada engrossed a bill titled: Requires the State Plan for Medicaid to include coverage for postpartum care services. (BDR 38-45). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the State Plan for Medicaid to include coverage for postpartum care services for a certain period of time following a pregnancy; making appropriations to certain divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services; authorizing expenditures by certain divisions of the Department; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing communications with offenders. (BDR S-810). Description: AN ACT relating to offenders; providing for the establishment of a pilot program to provide telephone calls free of charge between certain offenders and the families of such offenders; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to pretrial release. (BDR 14-310). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; revising provisions relating to pretrial release hearings; authorizing a court to impose additional conditions of release on a person under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to crisis intervention. (BDR 39-312). Description: AN ACT relating to behavioral health; revising provisions governing the imposition of a surcharge on certain communications services to support a suicide prevention and behavioral health crisis hotline; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Designates certain members of the Assembly as regular and alternate members of the Legislative Commission for the 2023-2025 biennium. (BDR R-1224). Description: Designating certain members of the Assembly as regular and alternate members of the Legislative Commission for the 2023-2025 biennium.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Nevada New Markets Jobs Act. (BDR 18-792). Description: AN ACT relating to economic development; authorizing investments to be made in impact qualified community development entities in exchange for certain tax credits; authorizing an additional amount of investments to be made in qualified community development entities in exchange for certain tax credits; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to Medicaid. (BDR 38-971). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the State Plan for Medicaid to provide coverage for certain services provided by a critical access hospital; prescribing the rate of reimbursement for such services under Medicaid; making appropriations to and authorizing certain expenditures by the Division of Health Care Financing and Policy of the Department of Health and Human Services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the Department of Health and Human Services to establish the Psychedelic Medicines Working Group. (BDR S-39). Description: AN ACT relating to controlled substances; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to establish the Psychedelic Medicines Working Group to study certain issues relating to the therapeutic use of entheogens during the 2023-2024 interim; prescribing the membership and duties of the Working Group; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to catalytic converters. (BDR 15-37). Description: AN ACT relating to catalytic converters; prohibiting certain acts relating to used catalytic converters under certain circumstances; establishing requirements relating to transactions involving used catalytic converters; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to regional planning. (BDR 22-684). Description: AN ACT relating to regional planning; eliminating, in certain counties, the requirement for a regional transportation commission and a local air pollution control board to consult with a regional planning coalition on certain plans, policies and programs and conduct certain hearings; authorizing, rather than requiring, the establishment of a regional planning coalition in certain counties; revising the authority, powers and duties of such a regional planning coalition; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to cosmetology. (BDR 54-829). Description: AN ACT relating to cosmetology; revising provisions governing the scope of practice of certain persons licensed and regulated by the State Board of Cosmetology; establishing procedures to contest certain citations issued by the Board; repealing or removing provisions which provide for the licensure and regulation by the Board of demonstrators of cosmetics
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing tax abatements for certain renewable energy facilities. (BDR 58-538). Description: AN ACT relating to energy; revising provisions governing payroll reporting by certain renewable energy facilities that receive certain tax abatements; revising provisions governing compliance reports submitted to the Director of the Office of Energy within the Office of the Governor by certain renewable energy facilities that receive certain tax abatements; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to water. (BDR 48-889). Description: AN ACT relating to water; revising provisions governing an application for a temporary change relating to water already appropriated; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to alcoholic beverages. (BDR 52-676). Description: AN ACT relating to alcoholic beverages; authorizing certain wineries to sell wine at one additional location other than its premises; revising provisions governing the amount of wine that may be sold by certain wineries each calendar year; authorizing the State Board of Agriculture to adopt regulations creating a certification for certain wine; revising procedures for the imposition of certain disciplinary action against a person who holds a license to engage in certain activities related to alcohol; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain persons providing referrals to group housing for persons who are aged. (BDR 40-675). Description: AN ACT relating to residential facilities; imposing certain requirements governing the operation of a senior living community referral agency; requiring a senior living community referral agency to make certain reports; prescribing authorized methods for determining the amount of compensation that a senior living community referral agency receives from a senior living community; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to local governments. (BDR 19-793). Description: AN ACT relating to local governments; revising the definitions of the terms business and local government for purposes of provisions relating to the adoption of rules by local governments that affect businesses; revising the notice requirements relating to the adoption of such rules; requiring the governing body of a local government to hold a workshop before the adoption of such rules in certain circumstances; revising the requirements for a business impact statement; revising provisions relating to when an action of the governing body of a local government to adopt rules that affect local governments is void; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Children's Cabinet for the purchase and renovation of a parcel of land to carry out the Oddie Project. (BDR S-921). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Children's Cabinet for the purchase and renovation of a parcel of land to carry out the Oddie Project; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to collective bargaining. (BDR 23-932). Description: AN ACT relating to collective bargaining; revising the provisions relating to the authority of a civilian employee of a metropolitan police department to be a member of an employee organization; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions relating to gaming. (BDR 41-943). Description: AN ACT relating to gaming; excluding certain portions of entry fees paid to participate in certain contests or tournaments from the gross revenue of certain gaming licensees for the purpose of calculating gaming license fees and for certain other purposes; revising provisions relating to the designation of gaming enterprise districts; revising requirements relating to the filing of certain information concerning foreign gaming with the Nevada Gaming Control Board; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to animal cruelty. (BDR 50-246). Description: AN ACT relating to cruelty to animals; revising certain prohibitions on restraining a dog; revising certain exemptions that authorize a dog to be restrained in a certain manner or maintained in certain enclosures; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada engrossed a bill titled: Changes the name of the Nevada State College to the Nevada State University. (BDR 34-968). Description: AN ACT relating to higher education; changing the name of the Nevada State College to the Nevada State University; designating the Nevada State University as a state college; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to industrial insurance. (BDR 53-946). Description: AN ACT relating to industrial insurance; requiring the Administrator of the Division of Industrial Relations of the Department of Business and Industry to post certain information on the Internet website of the Division; increasing the amount of certain penalties for certain violations of the Nevada Industrial Insurance Act or the Nevada Occupational Diseases Act; revising provisions relating to the imposition and payment of benefit penalties; revising certain requirements for certain investigations conducted by the Administrator; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to collection agencies. (BDR 54-158). Description: AN ACT relating to collection agencies; requiring a collection agency to display certain information on the Internet website of the collection agency; authorizing a collection agent to work from a remote location under certain circumstances; revising certain terminology related to collection agencies; revising the entities required to obtain a license as a collection agency and the circumstances under which such a license is required; revising provisions governing certain records and an application for and the issuance of a license as a collection agency; revising the frequency of the determination of the amount of the bond or substitute for a bond that a collection agency is required to maintain; eliminating certain examinations; removing a requirement that a collection agency obtain a permit for a branch office; revising provisions relating to the application and issuance of a compliance manager's certificate; prohibiting the compliance manager of a collection agency from being simultaneously employed by another collection agency or exempt entity as a compliance manager; exempting certain debt buyers from certain provisions governing collection agencies; revising provisions related to certain annual reports; prohibiting certain actions by a collection agency, compliance manager or collection agent; repealing certain provisions governing foreign collection agencies and certificates; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to cannabis. (BDR 56-193). Description: AN ACT relating to cannabis; revising provisions relating to cannabis establishment agents; requiring the Cannabis Compliance Board to consider certain matters before adopting, amending or repealing any regulation; revising provisions relating to the issuance and renewal of licenses and registration cards by the Board; revising certain restrictions on sales of cannabis; requiring the Board to develop and implement a process by which a person may petition for an exemption from certain provisions related to excluded felony offenses; decreasing certain fees for the issuance and renewal of an adult-use cannabis establishment license; authorizing cannabis establishments to have more than one entrance; deeming each adult-use cannabis establishment to be a dual licensee; revising the exemption from state prosecution for certain offenses relating to cannabis to increase the amount of cannabis and concentrated cannabis that a person who is 21 years of age or older is authorized to possess, deliver or produce; authorizing certain local governments to use money collected from a licensing tax on cannabis establishments for certain purposes; revising provisions relating to the excise tax on cannabis; revising the definition of the term marijuana; requiring the Cannabis Advisory Commission to conduct a study concerning certain matters relating to the scheduling of cannabis; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing contraception. (BDR 40-40). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring a hospital to provide for the insertion or injection of certain long-acting reversible contraception if requested by a patient giving birth at a hospital; limiting the amount a hospital or provider of health care may require an insurer to pay for long-acting reversible contraception under such circumstances; prohibiting an insurer from refusing to cover a contraceptive injection or the insertion of certain contraceptive devices at a hospital immediately after an insured gives birth; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing public utilities. (BDR 58-693). Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; requiring certain public utilities to file with the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada a triennial plan designed to meet the current and future demand for natural gas at the lowest reasonable cost to the public utility and its customers; prohibiting certain public utilities from filing a general rate application under certain circumstances; revising provisions governing certain regulations the Commission is required to adopt with respect to certain public utilities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing education. (BDR 34-532). Description: AN ACT relating to education; clarifying that the hiring of staff by a principal of a local school precinct must conform to applicable collective bargaining agreements; requiring certain uses of money carried forward at the end of a school year by a local school precinct; requiring certain approval from an organizational team of a local school precinct to approve a plan of operation for the local school precinct; making the principal of a local school precinct a voting member of the organizational team; revising the procedure for the selection of a candidate to fill a vacancy in the position of principal of a local school precinct; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises certain provisions relating to health care . (BDR 54-555). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring a custodian of health care records to furnish health care records electronically under certain circumstances; prohibiting a custodian of health care records from charging a fee that exceeds a certain amount to furnish health care records electronically if the health care records are maintained electronically; authorizing a person to disclose the genetic information of another person in accordance with certain federal law; revising the circumstances under which a physician is authorized to prescribe or recommend and a manufacturer is authorized to provide or make available an investigational drug, biological product or device; authorizing a physician to prescribe or recommend an individualized investigational treatment under certain circumstances; requiring the reporting of certain information concerning individualized investigational treatments and investigational drugs, biological products and devices to certain governmental entities; revising the method by which a collection agency must notify a medical debtor before taking any action to collect a medical debt; authorizing a manufacturer to provide or make available an individualized investigational treatment to a patient under certain circumstances; authorizing the imposition of administrative penalties for certain violations; prohibiting an officer, employee or agent of this State from preventing or attempting to prevent a patient from accessing an individualized investigational treatment; requiring an insurer, third-party administrator or employer to furnish health care records in certain circumstances; prescribing the maximum amount of any fee charged to furnish health care records in those circumstances; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation for civics education programs. (BDR S-86). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Nevada Center for Civic Engagement to support civics education programs in Nevada's elementary, junior high, middle and high schools and to expand civics education programs for adults; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to health care. (BDR 40-84). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services to include certain information relating to multiple sclerosis on an Internet website; requiring the Governor to annually proclaim the third week in March as Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Week; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to crimes against providers of health care. (BDR 15-996). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; expanding the applicability of enhanced penalties for assault or battery against a provider of health care under certain circumstances; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the staff of the Assembly for their service during the 82nd Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1233). Description: Expressing appreciation to the staff of the Assembly for their service during the 82nd Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the regulation of employer-integrated earned wage access providers and direct-to-consumer earned wage access providers. (BDR 52-9). Description: AN ACT relating to financial services; requiring a person who provides earned wage access services to obtain a license from the Commissioner of Financial Institutions; imposing certain requirements on such licensees; authorizing the Commissioner, in furtherance of his or her duties with respect to the issuance and renewal of certain licenses, to participate in the Nationwide Multistate Licensing System and Registry; authorizing the Commissioner to take certain actions relating to participation in the Registry; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to education. (BDR 34-503). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising requirements for certain student teachers to be employed as a substitute teacher for a school district; making an appropriation to the Department of Education for the Nevada Institute on Teaching and Educator Preparation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to school administrators. (BDR 34-554). Description: AN ACT relating to education; providing that certain principals are employed at will; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to distributed generation systems. (BDR 52-459). Description: AN ACT relating to energy; revising certain contractual requirements for an agreement for the purchase or lease of a distributed generation system and a power purchase agreement; imposing various requirements on solar installation companies; revising certain definitions; prohibiting a person from engaging in certain activities relating to residential photovoltaic systems unless the person is licensed by the State Contractors' Board or is an employee of such a person; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the safe storage of firearms. (BDR 15-47). Description: AN ACT relating to firearms; requiring a licensed dealer to provide a locking device capable of securing a firearm with each sale or transfer of a firearm; requiring a licensed gun dealer to post a notice on the premises which informs a buyer that the unlawful storage of a firearm may result in imprisonment or a fine; requiring the board of trustees of each school district and the governing body of each charter school to include certain provisions related to active assailants in a plan for responding to a crisis, emergency or suicide; requiring certain school police officers to receive training in active assailant movement techniques; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to develop and implement a safe firearm storage education campaign; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the involuntary discharge of a resident from a residential facility for groups. (BDR 40-301). Description: AN ACT relating to residential facilities for groups; prescribing certain grounds for disciplinary action against a residential facility for groups; prohibiting certain persons from serving as the representative of a resident of a residential facility for groups for purposes relating to an involuntary discharge; imposing requirements governing certain contracts between a resident and a residential facility for groups; prohibiting the involuntary discharge of a resident of a residential facility for groups except for certain reasons; imposing requirements governing the procedure for such an involuntary discharge; requiring the State Long-Term Care Ombudsman to provide certain assistance concerning such a discharge; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the establishment of a retirement savings program for private sector employees. (BDR 31-933). Description: AN ACT relating to employment; creating the Board of Trustees of the Nevada Employee Savings Trust; prescribing the membership, powers, duties and limitations of the Board; authorizing the Board to create the Nevada Employee Savings Trust Program; prescribing certain required attributes of the Program; creating the Nevada Employee Savings Trust Administrative Fund and specifying the sources and uses of money deposited therein; creating the Nevada Employee Savings Trust and prescribing the manner of its administration; providing for the confidentiality of certain information; providing civil immunity to certain persons and entities in connection with the Program; making certain persons fiduciaries with respect to participants in the Program; prohibiting certain persons from engaging in certain financial transactions in connection with the Program; requiring the preparation and submission of certain annual reports; making an appropriation to the Office of the State Treasurer for costs related to the administration of the Program; requiring the Board to conduct a study on the feasibility of including independent contractors in the Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to human rights. (BDR 16-881). Description: AN ACT relating to offenders; defining certain terms relating to the housing of offenders; requiring the Director of the Department of Corrections to adopt certain regulations relating to solitary confinement; prohibiting the Department from placing an offender in solitary confinement under certain circumstances; providing that an offender is entitled to certain privileges while placed in solitary confinement; requiring the Department to ensure that an offender placed in solitary confinement receives a daily health and wellness check; providing procedures for the removal of an offender from solitary confinement; requiring certain training for staff who work in units used for solitary confinement; requiring the Department to submit a report concerning the use of solitary confinement to the Joint Interim Standing Committee on the Judiciary or the Legislature; limiting the number of days that an offender may be placed in disciplinary segregation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to health care. (BDR 15-498). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; establishing the crime of fertility fraud; creating a cause of action for a person who has suffered injury as a result of fertility fraud; providing that certain acts that constitute fertility fraud are subject to various statutory provisions relating to sex offenders; prohibiting a health care facility from taking certain actions relating to assisted reproduction; authorizing the imposition of civil penalties for certain violations committed by a health care facility; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to dentistry. (BDR 54-601). Description: AN ACT relating to dentistry; providing for the licensure and regulation of expanded function dental assistants; creating a special endorsement for dental hygienists to practice restorative dental hygiene; authorizing a dental hygienist who possesses certain qualifications to prescribe and dispense certain drugs that are not controlled substances and certain devices; authorizing a public health dental hygienist to authorize an expanded function dental assistant or dental assistant to perform certain tasks under certain circumstances; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to wildlife. (BDR 45-168). Description: AN ACT relating to wildlife; authorizing the Board of Wildlife Commissioners to establish a program to allow a person to transfer his or her tag to hunt a big game mammal to certain persons; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes revisions relating to the rights of persons with disabilities and persons who are aged. (BDR 38-808). Description: AN ACT relating to persons with disabilities; prescribing certain rights for persons with disabilities who are receiving certain home and community-based services and persons who are aged receiving such services; prescribing certain rights for pupils with disabilities who are receiving certain services through an individualized education program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to criminal law. (BDR 14-132). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal law; revising provisions relating to certain annual reports concerning criminal cases; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to resources for persons experiencing homelessness. (BDR 38-981). Description: AN ACT relating to public welfare; authorizing a provider of homeless services to authorize the use of the provider's address as a temporary mailing address by a person experiencing homelessness for certain purposes; requiring the Division of Welfare and Supportive Services of the Department of Health and Human Services to publish a list of such providers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to crimes. (BDR 14-550). Description: AN ACT relating to evidence; prohibiting a law enforcement agency or forensic laboratory from taking certain actions relating to the DNA profile and DNA record of a survivor of sexual assault; expanding certain prohibitions against the use of certain evidence secured in connection with an investigation or prosecution of a sexual assault; requiring certain entities to conduct an audit of certain biological specimens, DNA profiles and DNA records, to the extent money is available; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to reckless driving. (BDR 43-934). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising the penalties for engaging in reckless driving under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to peace officers. (BDR 23-925). Description: AN ACT relating to peace officers; requiring the Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission to adopt certain regulations concerning the recruitment and selection of category III peace officers from other states or the Federal Government; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-892). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; revising provisions relating to the establishment of a polling place, ballot drop box and temporary branch polling place for early voting within an Indian reservation or Indian colony for an election; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to the Cannabis Compliance Board. (BDR 56-519). Description: AN ACT relating to cannabis; revising provisions relating to the appointment of members of the Cannabis Compliance Board; revising the qualifications and terms of office of members
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to health care. (BDR 57-161). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; revising requirements for certain health insurance plans to provide certain benefits for preventative health care relating to breast cancer; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to state and local emergency management plans. (BDR 36-813). Description: AN ACT relating to emergency management; requiring certain emergency management plans to include certain information related to the evacuation, transport and shelter of persons with pets; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Standing Rules of the Senate for the 82nd Session of the Legislature. (BDR R-902). Description: Adopting the Standing Rules of the Senate for the 82nd Session of the Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the regulation of certain healing arts. (BDR 54-886). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; exempting certain conduct of certain practitioners of healing arts practicing within their authorized scope of authority from provisions governing certain practitioners of other healing arts; enacting provisions governing the certification and regulation of certified registered nurse anesthetists; authorizing a certified registered nurse anesthetist to order, prescribe, possess and administer controlled substances, poisons, dangerous drugs and devices under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to off-highway vehicles. (BDR 43-678). Description: AN ACT relating to off-highway vehicles; revising the definition of large all-terrain vehicle; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Education for the provision of grants to organizations to provide certain supplies and materials to teachers and specialized instructional support personnel. (BDR S-85). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Department of Education for the creation of a grant program to allow certain teachers and specialized instructional support personnel to obtain certain supplies or materials for classrooms or school operations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental financial administration. (BDR S-502). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental financial administration; making appropriations for various purposes relating to health, education and employment and other community services; revising provisions relating to the titles and maximum salaries of the unclassified personnel of the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to veterinary medicine. (BDR 34-1012). Description: AN ACT relating to veterinary medicine; revising provisions relating to certain requirements for participants in a program administered by the Nevada Office of the Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education; requiring the Office to enter into certain contracts and implement certain programs relating to veterinary medicine; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to motor vehicles. (BDR 43-458). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing certain acts and transactions to be conducted through an electronic branch office established by the Department of Motor Vehicles; revising requirements relating to certificates of registration and certificates of title of a vehicle; eliminating certain limitations on the persons authorized to participate in a program established by the Department for the electronic submission and storage of documents; requiring the Department to design, prepare and issue special license plates for all vehicles that are wholly powered by an electric motor and reducing the fees for those special license plates; authorizing the use of electronic signatures and stamps for recording certain information for certain transactions; prohibiting a person from driving an autocycle upon a highway unless that person holds a driver's license; exempting the driver and passengers of an autocycle from the requirement to wear protective headgear; revising requirements for a person to be appointed to issue salvage titles on behalf of the Department; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to health facilities. (BDR 40-51). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring written approval to close certain hospitals or convert such a hospital into a different type of health facility; requiring certain facilities that provide emergency medical services to provide certain notice to patients; establishing and increasing certain civil penalties; requiring an off-campus location of a hospital that provides emergency medical services or an independent center for emergency medical care to include certain information on a claim for reimbursement or payment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to document preparation services. (BDR 43-855). Description: AN ACT relating to document preparation services; authorizing a document preparation service to use the name of the Department of Motor Vehicles in an advertisement under certain circumstances; requiring, under certain circumstances, a document preparation service to request an amended registration from the Secretary of State; making it unlawful for a person to represent himself or herself as a document preparation service if the person is not registered as a document preparation service; setting forth the form for statements that must be included in any advertisement for services of a document preparation service; authorizing, under certain circumstances, the Secretary of State to suspend or revoke the registration of a document preparation service or to assess a penalty; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to graduate medical education. (BDR 18-553). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring the Office of Science, Innovation and Technology in the Office of the Governor to establish the Graduate Medical Education Grant Program for the purpose of awarding competitive grants to create, expand and retain residency and fellowship programs for physicians in this State; establishing and prescribing the duties of the Advisory Council on Graduate Medical Education; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to communications with offenders. (BDR 16-659). Description: AN ACT relating to offenders; requiring the Director of the Department of Corrections to adopt certain regulations relating to visits and correspondence between offenders and others; requiring a warden or manager who denies a prospective visitor to provide certain written notice of the denial; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to justices of the peace. (BDR 1-809). Description: AN ACT relating to justices of the peace; requiring justices of the peace to have passed an examination prescribed by the Nevada Supreme Court in certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to commerce. (BDR 55-59). Description: AN ACT relating to commerce; prohibiting the Commissioner of Financial Institutions from requiring an applicant for a license to establish a new depository institution to identify the physical address of the proposed depository institution in the application for the license; authorizing certain persons employed by financial institutions to temporarily delay certain financial transactions involving the suspected exploitation of an older person or vulnerable person; exempting certain persons from liability for certain actions relating to the suspected exploitation of an older person or vulnerable person; authorizingcertain persons to perform certain work from a remote location under certain circumstances; setting forth various requirements concerning such work performed at a remote location; requiring a person licensed to engage in the business of lending in this State to provide notice to the Attorney General and certain other persons of certain breaches of security involving personal information; revising the circumstances under which a person is not required to accept an acknowledged power of attorney; prohibiting certain deceptive service agreements between an owner of residential property and a service provider; revising provisions governing persons who hold a permit to engage in property management; revising the method by which a collection agency must notify a medical debtor before taking any action to collect a medical debt; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public safety. (BDR 15-289). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; requiring a peace officer to ensure that medical aid is rendered to a person who indicates that he or she cannot breathe; requiring each law enforcement agency to adopt certain policies and procedures governing the performance by peace officers of works protected by copyright in certain circumstances; revising provisions governing the establishment of a program for the imprinting of a symbol indicating a medical condition on a driver's license or identification card; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to affordable housing. (BDR 25-1029). Description: AN ACT relating to affordable housing; authorizing the Housing Division of the Department of Business and Industry to prioritize funding for projects related to affordable housing that give preference to certain persons; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to cultural remains. (BDR 33-533). Description: AN ACT relating to cultural remains; requiring, under certain circumstances, a law enforcement agency to communicate with an Indian tribe or notify the Office of Historic Preservation of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources regarding certain human remains; requiring the Office to deliver certain regulations to the Legislative Counsel; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public safety. (BDR 15-942). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; prescribing the unit of prosecution for certain crimes involving the ownership or possession of a firearm by certain prohibited persons; authorizing a juvenile justice agency and the juvenile court to release certain information and records for the purpose of conducting a background check relating to the sale or transfer of a firearm; requiring a court to transmit to the Central Repository for Nevada Records of Criminal History certain records relating to the court-ordered admission to certain mental health facilities of certain children with an emotional disturbance for certain purposes relating to the purchase or possession of a firearm; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to real property. (BDR 10-989). Description: AN ACT relating to real property; prescribing a procedure for removing certain discriminatory restrictions or prohibitions from a written instrument relating to real property; requiring the Real Estate Division of the Department of Business and Industry to prescribe a restrictive covenant modification form; eliminating certain provisions relating to a declaration of removal of a discriminatory restriction or prohibition; requiring each county recorder in this State to provide certain notice to each owner who recorded a declaration of removal of a discriminatory restriction or prohibition with the office of the county recorder; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the protection of consumer information. (BDR 52-42). Description: AN ACT relating to data privacy; requiring certain entities to develop, maintain and make available on the Internet a policy concerning the privacy of consumer health data; prohibiting such an entity from collecting or sharing consumer health data without the affirmative, voluntary consent of a consumer in certain circumstances; requiring such an entity to perform certain actions upon the request of a consumer; requiring such an entity to establish a process to appeal the denial of such a request; requiring such an entity to take certain actions to protect the security of consumer health data; limiting the circumstances under which a processor is authorized to process consumer health data; requiring a processor to assist certain entities in complying with certain requirements; prohibiting a person from selling or offering to sell consumer health data under certain circumstances; prohibiting the implementation of a geofence under certain circumstances; prohibiting discrimination against a consumer for certain reasons; authorizing certain civil enforcement; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Nevada System of Higher Education for a grant program to expand undergraduate and graduate nursing programs at institutions within the System. (BDR S-917). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Nevada System of Higher Education for a grant program to expand undergraduate and graduate nursing programs at institutions within the System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to common-interest communities. (BDR 10-1059). Description: AN ACT relating to common-interest communities; revising the type of documents that are required to be made available on the Internet website or within the electronic portal that is required to be established and maintained by certain unit-owners' associations; setting forth certain requirements for an Internet website or electronic portal that provides the ability for a unit's owner to make certain payments electronically; revising requirements concerning the provision of certain notices by an association; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Extended Young Adult Support Services Program. (BDR S-991). Description: AN ACT relating to child welfare; revising the date on which an agency which provides child welfare services is required to participate in the Extended Young Adult Support Services Program; authorizing an agency which provides child welfare services to request to participate in the Program before that date; requiring reporting concerning efforts to allow certain young adults to remain in foster care; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Prohibits a landlord from requiring a tenant to pay certain charges. (BDR 10-650). Description: AN ACT relating to property; prohibiting a landlord, with certain exceptions, from requiring a tenant to pay any fee or other charge for the performance of certain repairs, maintenance tasks or other work for which the landlord has a duty to perform to maintain the habitability of a dwelling unit; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to juveniles. (BDR 1-795). Description: AN ACT relating to juveniles; eliminating the requirement that a district court appoint counsel for a child who is the adverse party in a proceeding for certain orders for protection; providing that an admission, representation or statement made during a proceeding relating to the issuance or dissolution of certain orders for protection is not admissible in any criminal proceeding; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Memorializes esteemed attorney and lobbyist Ben Graham. (BDR R-1095). Description: Memorializing esteemed attorney and lobbyist Ben Graham.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to health care. (BDR 40-375). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring a hospital to ensure that a patient or his or her primary caregiver meets or knows how to contact a dietician assigned to a care team for the patient in certain circumstances; requiring certain entities that provide care to a patient in his or her residence to consult with a dietician in certain circumstances; requiring Medicaid to provide coverage for certain dental procedures and certain corrective lenses; making appropriations to and authorizing certain expenditures by the Division of Health Care Financing and Policy of the Department of Health and Human Services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to barbering. (BDR 54-874). Description: AN ACT relating to barbering; authorizing an applicant for a license as a barber or apprentice who fails to pass the examination required for licensure to retake the examination without fulfilling any additional requirements under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to the state personnel system. (BDR 23-961). Description: AN ACT relating to the state personnel system; revising provisions related to the classification plan for all positions in the classified service of the State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to crimes. (BDR 16-133). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; requiring the preparation and submission of a comprehensive biennial report concerning human trafficking in this State; revising certain requirements for compensation from the Fund for the Compensation of Victims of Crime; revising provisions governing the Contingency Account for Victims of Human Trafficking; renaming the Account; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to neurodegenerative diseases. (BDR 40-135). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; authorizing the Department of Brain Health at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, to establish and maintain a system for the reporting and analysis of certain information on neurodegenerative diseases; authorizing a patient to opt in to the reporting of such information; requiring the establishment and maintenance of an Internet website for the system; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental entities. (BDR 20-936). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental entities; revising provisions prohibiting certain counties, cities and unincorporated towns from sounding sirens, bells or alarms for certain purposes; establishing civil penalties for violations of such prohibitions; authorizing the Attorney General to bring a civil action to recover such penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to dental insurance. (BDR 57-101). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; revising the circumstances under which a rate paid for dental coverage is presumed to be excessive; establishing certain procedures to enforce the prohibition on imposing excessive rates for dental coverage; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to subsurface installations. (BDR 40-962). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; exempting certain railroad companies from provisions governing operators of subsurface installations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to punitive damages. (BDR 3-686). Description: AN ACT relating to civil actions; revising provisions relating to the circumstances under which punitive damages may be awarded in certain civil actions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-894). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; making it unlawful for a person to use or threaten or attempt to use any force, intimidation, coercion, violence, restraint or undue influence with the intent to interfere with the performance of duties of an elections official or retaliate against an elections official for the performance of such duties; making it unlawful to disseminate certain information about an elections official; prohibiting certain constitutional officers from soliciting or accepting political contributions during certain periods; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to personal financial administration. (BDR 12-959). Description: AN ACT relating to personal financial administration; revising provisions that govern estates of deceased persons; revising provisions governing the notice of sale of certain property; authorizing a petitioner to submit a notice through an electronic filing system pursuant to the Nevada Electronic Filing and Conversion Rules; making certain information concerning trusts confidential; revising provisions governing the classification of distribution of interests; revising the powers exercisable by the protector of a trust; revising provisions relating to the jurisdiction and venue of a trust; clarifying provisions relating to a notice provided by the trustee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to juvenile justice. (BDR 5-1026). Description: AN ACT relating to juvenile justice; revising provisions governing employment with a department of juvenile justice services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes related to services provided to persons with autism spectrum disorders. (BDR 5-248). Description: AN ACT relating to persons with disabilities; authorizing the juvenile court to establish an appropriate program for the treatment of children diagnosed with or suspected to have autism spectrum disorders; revising provisions relating to the membership of the Nevada Commission on Autism Spectrum Disorders; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to criminal justice. (BDR 15-1091). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal justice; revising provisions governing early discharge from probation;revising the definition of the term strangulation as it relates to the crime of battery; prohibiting certain acts involving the use, possession or carrying of a firearm during the commission of certain drug offenses;revising provisions relating to warnings against trespassing; providinga penalty; making an appropriation to the Department of Public Safety to purchase two machines capable of testing for fentanyl and its derivatives and measuring the concentration thereof in mixtures; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to credits to reduce the sentence of an offender. (BDR 16-313). Description: AN ACT relating to sentencing; revising the method for determining credits to reduce the sentence of an offender; requiring the Director of the Department of Corrections to provide an offender with a list of certain programs; requiring the Director of the Department to submit a report to the Board of State Prison Commissioners which includes certain information concerning the institutional programming and placement of an offender under certain circumstances; requiring the Board of State Prison Commissioners to adopt regulations to carry out the revised method for determining credits to reduce the sentence of an offender; requiring the Department to share information with the Office of the Attorney General concerning actions taken to implement
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to juvenile probation. (BDR 5-317). Description: AN ACT relating to juvenile justice; setting forth the circumstances in which a juvenile court may place a child on probation; limiting the period of time during which a juvenile court may place a child on probation; authorizing, under circumstances, a juvenile court to extend the probation of a child; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for deferred maintenance projects. (BDR S-1170). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for deferred maintenance projects; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Department of Corrections. (BDR 16-322). Description: AN ACT relating to the Department of Corrections; requiring the Director of the Department of Corrections to adopt regulations governing the operation of a commissary in an institution or facility; authorizing the Director to adopt regulations governing the possession of personal property by offenders; revising provisions relating to the deduction of certain costs from the individual account of an offender; revising provisions relating to the deduction of money from the wages earned by an offender; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing common-interest communities. (BDR 10-970). Description: AN ACT relating to common-interest communities; revising provisions relating to the requirement that the executive board of a unit-owners' association make certain records available for review at a designated location; authorizing the Commission for Common-Interest Communities and Condominium Hotels or a hearing panel to impose certain sanctions on a person who files certain affidavits with the Real Estate Division of the Department of Business and Industry; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to candidates for judicial office. (BDR 24-803). Description: AN ACT relating to judiciary; requiring a candidate for judicial office who is not the incumbent to complete and file a questionnaire containing certain information relating to his or her qualifications for office; authorizing a candidate for judicial office who is the incumbent to complete and file such a questionnaire; requiring the filing officer to post such a questionnaire on the internet website of the filing officer; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public safety. (BDR 43-663). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; establishing provisions governing the operation of a personal delivery device; imposing certain requirements on a personal delivery device operator; providing a civil penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to motorcycles. (BDR 43-662). Description: AN ACT relating to motorcycles; revising provisions relating to penalties for driving without a motorcycle driver's license, motorcycle endorsement or permit to operate a motorcycle; revising certain requirements for instructors for the Program for the Education of Motorcycle Riders; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes the Commission on Innovation and Excellence in Education to develop a statewide vision and implementation plan to improve the public education system in this State. (BDR 34-1060). Description: AN ACT relating to education; creating the Commission on Innovation and Excellence in Education; providing for the membership and duties of the Commission; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to exempt sales of diapers from sales and use taxes and analogous taxes upon approval by the voters. (BDR 32-1033). Description: AN ACT relating to taxes on retail sales; providing for the submission to the voters of the question whether the Sales and Use Tax Act of 1955 should be amended to provide an exemption from the tax for child and adult diapers; providing for the exemptions from certain analogous taxes if the voters approve this amendment to the Sales and Use Tax Act of 1955; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental administration. (BDR 18-1089). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; revising the duties of the Chief Information Officer; providing for the appointment and prescribing the duties of a Chief Innovation Officer; creating the Office of Nevada Boards, Commissions and Councils Standards within the Department of Business and Industry and prescribing the duties and responsibilities of the Office with respect to professional and occupational licensing boards; prohibiting, with certain exception, an appointing authority from executing any contract for employment with any state employee; requiring the Administrator of the Division of Human Resource Management of the Department of Administration to develop certain audit functions and centralized systems relating to
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to retirement. (BDR 23-16). Description: AN ACT relating to retirement; revising provisions governing eligibility for membership in the Public Employees' Retirement System; revising provisions governing the options for service retirement allowances under the System; revising provisions relating to the granting of a divorce; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to Medicaid. (BDR 38-1069). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the provision of certain information to the operator of a hospital or rural hospital concerning the use of revenue generated by certain proposed assessments; prohibiting the continued imposition of such an assessment under certain circumstances; revising the authorized uses of the revenue generated from an assessment authorized to be imposed on operators of certain agencies and facilities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to service contracts. (BDR 57-873). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; requiring the Commissioner of Insurance to submit to the Joint Interim Standing Committee on Commerce and Labor a report concerning the service contract provider industry in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing accountants. (BDR 54-1079). Description: AN ACT relating to accountants; revising provisions governing the registration by the Nevada State Board of Accountancy of partnerships, corporations, limited-liability companies and sole proprietorships; revising requirements for a person to take an examination for and to obtain a certificate of certified public accountant; removing the requirement that the Board charge a fee for an examination for a certificate of certified public accountant; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to communicable diseases. (BDR 40-987). Description: AN ACT relating to communicable diseases; requiring certain state and local agencies to develop policies to provide uninterrupted services during a public health emergency to certain persons; requiring a public or private detention facility to take certain measures to ensure the access of prisoners to treatment for and methods to prevent the acquisition of human immunodeficiency virus; revising provisions governing certain crimes committed by prisoners; requiring certain public and private health insurers to provide certain coverage; requiring such an insurer to reimburse an advanced practice registered nurse or physician assistant at the same rate as a physician for certain services; authorizing providers of health care to receive credit toward requirements for continuing education for certain training relating to the human immunodeficiency virus; requiring certain providers of health care to complete such training; providing that the repeal or revision of certain crimes applies retroactively; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public health. (BDR 40-451). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; eliminating the requirement for the Director of the Department of Health and Human Services or certain district boards of health to adopt regulations requiring certain protocols and plans concerning the prevention of and response to SARS-CoV-2; eliminating the requirement for an inspection of public accommodation facilities for compliance with such requirements; prospectively eliminating a limitation on the civil liability of certain businesses conducted for profit, governmental entities and private nonprofit organizations for personal injury or death resulting from exposure to COVID-19; prospectively removing the authority of the Secretary of State to suspend the state business license of a person who does not comply with certain health standards related to COVID-19; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts the Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact. (BDR 34-83). Description: AN ACT relating to education; enacting the Interstate Teacher Mobility Compact; requiring the Commission on Professional Standards in Education to adopt regulations to carry out the provisions of the Compact; exempting an applicant for a license as a teacher pursuant to the Compact from certain examination and training requirements; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing emergency medical services. (BDR 40-1071). Description: AN ACT relating to emergency medical services; authorizing the use of certain money to create and maintain an information system containing the records of persons who have completed certain training programs; providing that money collected from certain fees must be accounted for separately and does not revert to the State General Fund at the end of any fiscal year; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the distribution of the proceeds of certain administrative assessments. (BDR 14-1092). Description: AN ACT relating to administrative assessments; revising provisions governing the distribution of the proceeds of certain administrative assessments; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing structured settlement purchase companies. (BDR 3-1074). Description: AN ACT relating to structured settlement purchase companies; authorizing the Commissioner of Consumer Affairs of the Consumer Affairs Unit of the Department of Business and Industry, in consultation with the Director of the Department, to adopt regulations relating to structured settlement purchase companies; establishing certain fees for the initial, renewed or reinstated registration of a structured settlement purchase company; eliminating the authorization for a structured settlement purchase company to post a cash bond to protect payees who do business with the structured settlement purchase company; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes a program for the relocation of persons residing in the Windsor Park neighborhood of the City of North Las Vegas. (BDR S-794). Description: AN ACT relating to housing; establishing a program for the relocation of persons residing in single-family residences in the Windsor Park neighborhood of the City of North Las Vegas; making an appropriation; requiring quarterly reports to the Interim Finance Committee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Directs the Joint Interim Standing Committee on Growth and Infrastructure to conduct a study concerning certain subjects related to hydrogen. (BDR S-32). Description: AN ACT relating to energy; directing the Joint Interim Standing Committee on Growth and Infrastructure to conduct a study during the 2023-2024 interim concerning certain subjects relating to hydrogen; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the allocation of the proceeds of the basic governmental services tax. (BDR 43-1204). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental financial administration; revising provisions governing the allocation of a portion of the proceeds of the basic governmental services tax; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to restore the balances in the Emergency Account and the Contingency Account. (BDR S-1098). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to restore the balances in the Emergency Account and the Contingency Account; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Office of the Governor for the replacement of certain equipment and computer hardware and associated software and licenses to upgrade a computer operating system. (BDR S-1109). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Office of the Governor for the replacement of certain equipment and computer hardware and associated software and licenses to upgrade a computer operating system; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of the Lieutenant Governor for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1111). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of the Lieutenant Governor for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for the costs of leases and furniture for state offices and training for state employees. (BDR S-1113). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for the costs of leases and furniture for state offices and training for state employees; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Division of State Parks of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for a visitor center at the Valley of Fire State Park. (BDR S-1171). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Division of State Parks of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for a visitor center at the Valley of Fire State Park; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for certain costs related to the Kirk Kerkorian School of Medicine at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, and costs for interdisciplinary opportunities for health students at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. (BDR S-1119). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for certain costs related to the Kirk Kerkorian School of Medicine at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, and costs for interdisciplinary opportunities for health students at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of the State Treasurer for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1122). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of the State Treasurer for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Account for Pensions for Silicosis, Diseases Related to Asbestos and Other Disabilities. (BDR S-1124). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Account for Pensions for Silicosis, Diseases Related to Asbestos and Other Disabilities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for a debt collection information technology system. (BDR S-1125). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for a debt collection information technology system; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Office of the State Controller for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software and certain equipment. (BDR S-1126). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Office of the State Controller for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software and certain equipment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Nevada Indian Commission for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1131). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Nevada Indian Commission for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Nevada Arts Council within the Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1133). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Nevada Arts Council within the Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Office of State Public Defender within the Department of Indigent Defense Services for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1135). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Office of State Public Defender within the Department of Indigent Defense Services for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Taxation for the costs of a contract with an information technology consultant to perform the backlog of updates to the Unified Tax System. (BDR S-1153). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Department of Taxation for the costs of a contract with an information technology consultant to perform the backlog of updates to the Unified Tax System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Taxation for the relocation of its Carson City office. (BDR S-1154). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Department of Taxation for the relocation of its Carson City office; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the State Department of Agriculture for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software and deferred maintenance projects. (BDR S-1159). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the State Department of Agriculture for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software and deferred maintenance projects; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Nevada Gaming Commission for employee training and registration fees for conferences. (BDR S-1161). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Nevada Gaming Commission for employee training and registration fees for conferences; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Division of Water Resources of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for projects at the South Fork Dam. (BDR S-1172). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Division of Water Resources of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for projects at the South Fork Dam; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Division of Water Resources of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for a study of extreme rainfall events. (BDR S-1173). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Division of Water Resources of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for a study of extreme rainfall events; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1175). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Office of the Military for facilities maintenance projects and the replacement or purchase of certain equipment and computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1187). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Office of the Military for facilities maintenance projects and the replacement or purchase of certain equipment and computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to the Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs. (BDR 18-1066). Description: AN ACT relating to tourism; authorizing the Director of the Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs to appoint a Deputy Director of the Division of Tourism; creating the Fund for Tourism and Cultural Affairs; eliminating the ex officio, nonvoting members of the Commission on Tourism; revising provisions relating to the Nevada Magazine; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes a supplemental appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for an unanticipated shortfall related to credit card processing fees. (BDR S-1101). Description: AN ACT making a supplemental appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for an unanticipated shortfall related to credit card processing fees; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes a supplemental appropriation to the Department of Indigent Defense Services for an unanticipated shortfall to fund costs in excess of the maximum contribution amounts of counties for the provision of indigent defense services. (BDR S-1102). Description: AN ACT making a supplemental appropriation to the Department of Indigent Defense Services for an unanticipated shortfall to fund costs in excess of the maximum contribution amounts of counties for the provision of indigent defense services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Division of Forestry of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources. (BDR S-1105). Description: AN ACT relating to the Division of Forestry of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources; requiring the Legislative Auditor to conduct an audit related to the Forest Fire Suppression budget account; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Office of the Attorney General for the replacement of ballistic vests and for licenses to upgrade the computer operating system. (BDR S-1117). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Office of the Attorney General for the replacement of ballistic vests and for licenses to upgrade the computer operating system; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Office of the Secretary of State for the purchase and replacement of computer hardware and associated software and certain equipment. (BDR S-1118). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Office of the Secretary of State for the purchase and replacement of computer hardware and associated software and certain equipment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Office of the Secretary of State for the costs of certain audits, voter education materials and outreach, signature verification services and certain systems. (BDR S-1120). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Office of the Secretary of State for the costs of risk-limiting audits of election results, voter education materials and outreach, signature verification services, a mail ballot tracking and notification system and a statewide top-down voter registration database and election management system; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Office of the Secretary of State for costs related to the Office's business registration and filing system, Internet website and information security. (BDR S-1121). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Office of the Secretary of State for costs related to the Office's business registration and filing system, Internet website and information security; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Nevada Promise Scholarship Account and the Millennium Scholarship Trust Fund. (BDR S-1123). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Nevada Promise Scholarship Account and the Millennium Scholarship Trust Fund; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Indigent Defense Services for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1134). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Department of Indigent Defense Services for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission for the replacement of certain systems, furniture, vehicles and computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1142). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission for the replacement of certain systems, furniture, vehicles and computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Department of Taxation for information technology projects and equipment, employee training and a money counter machine. (BDR S-1151). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Department of Taxation for information technology projects and equipment, employee training and a money counter machine; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Nevada Gaming Control Board relating to information technology. (BDR S-1160). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Nevada Gaming Control Board for the continuation of the replacement of the Board's information technology system and for certain computer hardware, software, subscriptions, licenses and equipment and related employee training; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to the Department of Business and Industry concerning information technology. (BDR S-1167). Description: AN ACT relating to the Department of Business and Industry; extending the date of reversion of the appropriation made by the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature to the Real Estate Division of the Department for an update of its licensing software system; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for the replacement or purchase of certain information technology, vehicles and equipment. (BDR S-1169). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for the replacement or purchase of certain information technology, vehicles and equipment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Department of Health and Human Services for the replacement or purchase of computer hardware and associated software, data lines and software licenses. (BDR S-1181). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Department of Health and Human Services for the replacement or purchase of computer hardware and associated software, data lines and software licenses; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Division of Health Care Financing and Policy of the Department of Health and Human Services for the replacement or purchase of computer hardware and software, a certain database and a centralized credentialing process. (BDR S-1183). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Division of Health Care Financing and Policy of the Department of Health and Human Services for the replacement or purchase of computer hardware and software, a database for surveillance and utilization review and a centralized credentialing process; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adds former Assemblywoman Barbara E. Buckley to the Assembly Wall of Distinction. (BDR R-1188). Description: Adding former Assemblywoman Barbara E. Buckley to the Assembly Wall of Distinction.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software, equipment and vehicles and for deferred maintenance projects. (BDR S-1186). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software, equipment and vehicles and for deferred maintenance projects; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain arbitrations concerning the cost of medically necessary emergency services. (BDR 40-1214). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; authorizing a state agency to retain money received for the costs of certain arbitrations conducted by an employee of the agency; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Division of Museums and History of the Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs for the replacement and purchase of computer hardware, software and related services, office furniture, equipment and vehicles and for deferred maintenance projects. (BDR S-1132). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Division of Museums and History of the Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs for the replacement and purchase of computer hardware, software and related services, office furniture, equipment and vehicles and for deferred maintenance projects; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing expenditures from the Endowment Account established in the State General Fund related to the Nevada College Savings Program. (BDR 31-1190). Description: AN ACT relating to the Nevada College Savings Program; revising provisions governing the use of money in the Endowment Account established in the State General Fund related to the Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Department of Education for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software. (BDR S-1156). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Department of Education for the replacement of computer hardware and associated software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes for the 2023-2025 biennium the subsidies to be paid to the Public Employees' Benefits Program for insurance for certain active and retired public officers and employees. (BDR S-1209). Description: AN ACT relating to programs for public personnel; establishing for the 2023-2025 biennium the subsidies to be paid to the Public Employees' Benefits Program for insurance for certain active and retired public officers and employees; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Ensures sufficient funding for K-12 public education for the 2023-2025 biennium. (BDR S-1208). Description: AN ACT relating to education; ensuring sufficient funding for K-12 public education for the 2023-2025 biennium; apportioning the State Education Fund for the 2023-2025 biennium; authorizing certain expenditures; making appropriations relating to base per pupil funding, weighted funding and other educational purposes; revising provisions relating to at-risk pupils; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes expenditures by agencies of the State Government for the 2023-2025 biennium. (BDR S-1207). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; authorizing expenditures by various officers, departments, boards, agencies, commissions and institutions of the State Government for the 2023-2025 biennium; authorizing the collection of certain amounts from the counties in the 2023-2025 biennium for the use of the services of the State Public Defender; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of Energy in the Office of the Governor for a program to reduce energy use by and emissions resulting from certain activities of state agencies. (BDR S-1217). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of Energy in the Office of the Governor for a program to reduce energy use by and emissions resulting from certain activities of state agencies; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to records of criminal history. (BDR 14-1220). Description: AN ACT relating to records of criminal history; revising provisions relating to certain money collected for certain
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations for the implementation of certain collective bargaining agreements. (BDR S-1227). Description: AN ACT relating to public employees; making appropriations for the implementation of certain collective bargaining agreements; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes regarding state financial administration and makes appropriations for the support of the civil government of the State. (BDR S-1230). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; making appropriations from the State General Fund and the State Highway Fund for the support of the civil government of the State of Nevada for the 2023-2025 biennium; providing for the use of the money so appropriated; making various other changes relating to the financial administration of the State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Standing Rules of the Assembly for the 82nd Session of the Legislature. (BDR R-905). Description: Adopting the Standing Rules of the Assembly for the 82nd Session of the Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of the Assembly attaches. (BDR R-906). Description: Providing for the appointment of the Assembly attaches.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides allowances to the members of the Assembly for periodicals, stamps, stationery and communications. (BDR R-907). Description: Providing allowances to the leadership and other members of the Assembly for periodicals, stamps, stationery and communications.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of additional attaches for the Assembly. (BDR R-973). Description: Providing for the appointment of additional attaches for the Assembly.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of an additional attache for the Assembly. (BDR R-1094). Description: Providing for the appointment of an additional attache for the Assembly.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of an additional attache for the Assembly. (BDR R-1106). Description: Providing for the appointment of an additional attache for the Assembly.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adds former Assemblyman Peter Pete Livermore to the Assembly Wall of Distinction. (BDR R-1189). Description: Adding former Assemblyman Peter Pete Livermore to the Assembly Wall of Distinction.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides allowances to the members of the Senate for periodicals, stamps, stationery and communications. (BDR R-903). Description: Providing allowances to the leadership and other members of the Senate for periodicals, stamps, stationery and communications.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of the Senate Session staff. (BDR R-904). Description: Providing for the appointment of the Senate Session staff.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Inducts Richard Bryan into the Senate Hall of Fame. (BDR R-1196). Description: Inducting Richard Bryan into the Senate Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Inducts Joseph Paul Hardy into the Senate Hall of Fame. (BDR R-1195). Description: Inducting Joseph Paul Hardy into the Senate Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Inducts Claire Jesse Clift as an honorary member into the Senate Hall of Fame. (BDR R-1197). Description: Inducting Claire Jesse Clift as an honorary member into the Senate Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Designates certain members of the Senate as regular and alternate members of the Legislative Commission for the 2023-2025 biennium. (BDR R-1223). Description: Designating certain members of the Senate as regular and alternate members of the Legislative Commission for the 2023-2025 biennium.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts new Standing Rules of the Senate for the remainder of the 82nd Session of the Legislature. (BDR R-1206). Description: Adopting new Standing Rules of the Senate for the remainder of the 82nd Session of the Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the staff of the Senate for their service during the 82nd Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1232). Description: Expressing appreciation to the staff of the Senate for their service during the 82nd Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Joint Standing Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 82nd Session of the Legislature. (BDR R-901). Description: Adopting the Joint Standing Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 82nd Session of the Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes additional reimbursement for travel in certain circumstances. (BDR R-910). Description: Authorizing additional reimbursement for travel in certain circumstances.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses support for the Lake Tahoe Transportation Action Plan. (BDR R-387). Description: Expressing support for the Lake Tahoe Transportation Action Plan.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Grants administrative leave to legislative employees in recognition of their service to the 82nd Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1231). Description: Granting administrative leave to legislative employees in recognition of their service to the 82nd Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Declares April 2023 as Financial Literacy Month. (BDR R-1096). Description: Declaring April 2023 as Financial Literacy Month.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Celebrates the life and accomplishments of beloved educator and Legislative Assistant Patricia Pat Jo Hutson. (BDR R-1213). Description: Celebrating the life and accomplishments of beloved educator and Legislative Assistant Patricia Pat Jo Hutson.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges the expansion of comprehensive cardiovascular screening programs and directs the Joint Interim Standing Committee on Health and Human Services to conduct a study concerning such programs and certain other matters relating to cardiovascular disease. (BDR R-1025). Description: Urging the expansion of comprehensive cardiovascular screening programs and directing the Joint Interim Standing Committee on Health and Human Services to conduct a study concerning such programs and certain other matters relating to cardiovascular disease.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to add and revise terms relating to persons with certain conditions for whose benefit certain public entities are supported by the State. (BDR C-477). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to add and revise terms relating to persons with certain conditions for whose benefit certain public entities are supported by the State.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges the United States Department of Veterans Affairs to study the effectiveness and use of hyperbaric oxygen therapy for veterans. (BDR R-838). Description: Urging the United States Department of Veterans Affairs to study the effectiveness and use of hyperbaric oxygen therapy for veterans.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to revise provisions relating to lotteries and the sale of lottery tickets. (BDR C-986). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to revise provisions relating to lotteries and the sale of lottery tickets.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to adopt the National Popular Vote Compact. (BDR C-389). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to adopt the National Popular Vote Compact.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges the Congress of the United States to deschedule marijuana as a schedule I controlled substance. (BDR R-615). Description: Urging the Congress of the United States to deschedule marijuana as a schedule I controlled substance.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Ordinance of the Nevada Constitution and the Nevada Constitution to remove language authorizing the use of slavery and involuntary servitude as a criminal punishment. (BDR C-496). Description: Proposing to amend the Ordinance of the Nevada Constitution and the Nevada Constitution to remove language authorizing the use of slavery and involuntary servitude as a criminal punishment.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Joint Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1). Description: Adopting the Joint Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges the United States Bureau of Reclamation to consider certain actions, alternatives and measures for the protection and management of the Colorado River. (BDR R-349). Description: Urging the United States Bureau of Reclamation to consider certain actions, alternatives and measures for the protection and management of the Colorado River.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to expand the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children to cover the purchase of menstrual products. (BDR R-980). Description: Urging Congress to expand the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children to cover the purchase of menstrual products.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to remove the constitutional provisions governing the election and duties of the Board of Regents of the State University and to authorize the Legislature to provide by statute for the governance of the State University and for the auditing of public institutions of higher education in this State. (BDR C-944). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to remove the constitutional provisions governing the election and duties of the Board of Regents of the State University and to authorize the Legislature to provide by statute for the governance of the State University and for the auditing of public institutions of higher education in this State.
In 2023, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to establish certain rights relating to reproductive health. (BDR C-864). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to establish certain rights relating to reproductive health.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to elections. (BDR 34-8). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; revising the districts from which the members of the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada are elected; temporarily revising the deadline for a candidate for judicial office to file a declaration of candidacy; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the election districts for members of the Legislature, members of the State Board of Education and Representatives in Congress and the petition districts for certain statewide initiatives or referendums. (BDR 17-9). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; revising the districts from which members of the Legislature, members of the State Board of Education and Representatives in Congress are elected; revising the petition districts for certain initiatives or referendums proposing statewide ballot measures; authorizing the Chair of the Legislative Commission to direct the Legislative Counsel Bureau to contract for professional and other services for certain actions or proceedings relating to election or petition districts; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that no allowances will be paid for the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications. (BDR R-7). Description: Providing that no allowances will be paid for the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Memorializes the late Reverend Richard Dick Snyder. (BDR R-10). Description: Memorializing the late Reverend Richard Dick Snyder.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the Assembly staff for their service during the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-14). Description: Expressing appreciation to the Assembly staff for their service during the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-15). Description: Expressing appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Rules of the Senate for the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1). Description: Adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that no allowances will be paid for the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications. (BDR R-6). Description: Providing that no allowances will be paid for the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Recognizes the appointment of the Senate staff. (BDR R-4). Description: Recognizing the appointment of the Senate staff.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the Senate staff for their service during the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-12). Description: Expressing appreciation to the Senate staff for their service during the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-13). Description: Expressing appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Joint Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-3). Description: Adopting the Joint Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 33rd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Memorializes former State Senator and Congressman James Hubert Bilbray. (BDR R-11). Description: Memorializing former State Senator and Congressman James Hubert Bilbray.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to training for Legislators. (BDR 17-438). Description: AN ACT relating to the Legislature; revising provisions relating to the training required for newly elected Legislators; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to appointments to public bodies. (BDR 18-437). Description: AN ACT relating to public bodies; revising provisions relating to the prohibition against gubernatorial appointees serving simultaneously on more than one board, commission or similar body; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions concerning the electronic transmission of certain maps and other documents relating to the approval of divisions of land. (BDR 22-406). Description: AN ACT relating to land use planning; revising provisions concerning the electronic transmission of certain maps and other documents relating to the approval of divisions of land; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Nevada Insurance Guaranty Association. (BDR 57-314). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; revising provisions governing the authority and duties of the Nevada Insurance Guaranty Association, the Board of Directors of the Association and the Commissioner of Insurance; revising provisions governing claims against, and actions and proceedings involving, insolvent insurers and the Association; revising provisions governing the plan of operation of the Association and subrogation and recovery by the Association; revising the immunity from liability for certain persons with regard to activities relating to the Association and insolvent insurers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing an application for a temporary change relating to appropriated water. (BDR 48-309). Description: AN ACT relating to water; revising provisions governing an application for a temporary change relating to water already appropriated; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to gaming. (BDR 41-279). Description: AN ACT relating to business; establishing provisions relating to
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to gaming. (BDR 41-278). Description: AN ACT relating to gaming; revising certain definitions relating to gaming; requiring additional persons to register with the Nevada Gaming Control Board; revising provisions governing entry fees for contests and tournaments and compensation for online interactive gaming in the calculation of the monthly gaming license fee based on the gross revenue of the license holder; exempting certain officers and employees of the Board from the provisions governing the State Personnel System; authorizing the Nevada Gaming Commission to adopt regulations governing the use of electronic signatures for credit instruments; revising provisions governing certain fees collected upon the conclusion of a gaming operation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the disclosure of certain confidential information by the Department of Taxation. (BDR 32-270). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; authorizing the Department of Taxation to disclose certain confidential information to the Budget Division of the Office of Finance under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Department of Transportation. (BDR 35-345). Description: AN ACT relating to transportation; revising the qualifications for a Deputy Director of the Department of Transportation; moving the position of Chief Engineer of the Department from the classified service to the unclassified service of the State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises requirements related to certain financial reporting by the State Controller. (BDR 18-353). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; revising requirements related to certain financial reporting by the State Controller; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to emergency management. (BDR 19-335). Description: AN ACT relating to emergency management; revising requirements regarding the frequency of meetings of the Nevada Resilience Advisory Committee, the Nevada Tribal Emergency Coordinating Council and the State Disaster Identification Coordination Committee; revising provisions relating to the reporting by a provider of health care of certain information regarding the treatment of certain persons to the State Disaster Identification Coordination Committee; revising the duties of the State Disaster Identification Coordination Committee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to the issuance of copies of certificates and records of birth. (BDR 40-329). Description: AN ACT relating to vital statistics; prohibiting the charging of fees for the issuance of copies of certificates and records of birth to persons who are imprisoned; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to contracts of insurance and casualty insurance. (BDR 57-315). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; revising provisions governing the renewal of a policy of insurance; revising provisions governing certain policies of motor vehicle liability insurance; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to educational subjects and standards. (BDR 34-325). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising the academic subjects that constitute social studies; exempting standards of content and performance for courses of study in public schools from certain requirements governing the adoption of regulations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to transferable tax credits for film and other productions. (BDR 32-267). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising the types of film and other productions for which a production company may apply for certain transferrable tax credits; revising provisions governing the eligibility of a production company for certain transferrable tax credits; revising provisions governing the calculation of the amount of transferrable tax credits issued to a qualified production company; expanding the circumstances under which the Office of Economic Development is authorized to withhold transferrable tax credits; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes the establishment of paternity in proceedings concerning the protection of children. (BDR 11-436). Description: AN ACT relating to the protection of children; authorizing the paternity of a child to be legally established during a proceeding concerning the protection of the child; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the confidentiality of personal information of certain persons. (BDR 20-304). Description: AN ACT relating to confidential information; authorizing a person for whom a fictitious address is issued by the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services to request a county recorder or county assessor to maintain certain personal information in a confidential manner; revising the personal information that must be maintained in a confidential manner when such a person is a registered voter; authorizing such a person to request the Department of Motor Vehicles display an alternate address on the person's driver's license, commercial driver's license or identification card; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the establishment and maintenance of a transition assistance program for veterans and servicemen and servicewomen. (BDR 37-283). Description: AN ACT relating to the Department of Veterans Services; requiring the Director of the Department to establish and maintain a program to assist veterans and servicemen and servicewomen in transitioning to life as civilians; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions regarding the procedure to commit an incompetent criminal defendant. (BDR 14-291). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; revising the procedure for the commitment of certain criminal defendants whom the court finds to be incompetent to the custody of the Administrator of the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to a forensic facility to which certain offenders and defendants with a mental illness may be committed. (BDR 14-292). Description: AN ACT relating to mental health; revising provisions relating to a forensic facility to which certain offenders and defendants with a mental illness may be committed; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the conditional release of certain persons found to be incompetent. (BDR 14-295). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; authorizing a forensic facility to transport or request assistance from law enforcement in transporting a person on conditional release to the forensic facility under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing programs of energy assistance. (BDR 58-298). Description: AN ACT relating to energy assistance; revising provisions relating to the Fund for Energy Assistance and Conservation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the administration of child support. (BDR 11-300). Description: AN ACT relating to child support; revising provisions of the Uniform Interstate Family Support Act governing the issuance of certain orders redirecting child support; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Imposes an inverse preference on certain bidders for state purchasing contracts. (BDR 27-238). Description: AN ACT relating to state purchasing; imposing an inverse preference on certain bidders for state purchasing contracts; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Account for Aid for Victims of Domestic Violence. (BDR 16-260). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising provisions governing eligibility for a grant from the Account for Aid for Victims of Domestic Violence; renaming the Account; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the Nevada Petroleum Products Inspection Act. (BDR 51-276). Description: AN ACT relating to substances regulated by the State Department of Agriculture; requiring the State Board of Agriculture to adopt standards for diesel exhaust fluid; prohibiting certain commercial activities relating to diesel exhaust fluid in certain circumstances; transferring the duty to adopt standards for aviation fuel from the State Sealer of Consumer Equitability to the Board; requiring the Board to adopt standards for petroleum heating products, not including liquefied petroleum gas and natural gas; revising provisions relating to the storage and disposal of petroleum products; eliminating certain powers and duties of the State Sealer of Consumer Equitability relating to petroleum products; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the towing or immobilization of a motor vehicle. (BDR 43-387). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; revising provisions relating to the towing or immobilization of a motor vehicle; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the control of pests, noxious weeds and pesticides. (BDR 49-272). Description: AN ACT relating to pest control; defining the term control as it applies to the control of noxious weeds by the owner or operator of land; authorizing the Director of the State Department of Agriculture to adopt regulations that establish and administer a program to certify certain agricultural products as being free from propagative parts from which noxious weeds may grow; authorizing certain notices to be delivered by electronic mail; exempting certain businesses that sell nursery stock only to the public exclusively via the Internet from certain licensure requirements; revising the prohibition against engaging in certain activities involving pest control without a license; revising provisions governing the certification of persons to apply or supervise the application of restricted-use pesticides; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing certain programs to assist senior citizens and persons with disabilities with costs relating to health care. (BDR 40-288). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; consolidating certain programs to assist senior citizens and persons with disabilities with costs relating to health care; revising the requirements for eligibility to receive assistance under the consolidated program; authorizing the publication, disclosure or use of information contained in a request for a subsidy under the consolidated program for certain purposes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the enforcement of obligations for the support of children. (BDR 3-301). Description: AN ACT relating to the support of children; defining certain terms and revising certain definitions relating to the support of children; requiring the reporting and withholding of lump sum payments by income payers under certain circumstances; revising provisions relating to the amount of income that may be withheld from an obligor; making various changes relating to the withholding of income by income payers; authorizing the imposition of certain penalties on income payers who commit certain improper acts relating to lump sum payments; expressly authorizing the assignment of money from certain lump sum payments; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to career and technical education and work-based learning. (BDR 34-302). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising requirements governing input from interested persons concerning a program of career and technical education; exempting an advisory technical skills committee for such a program from certain requirements governing the meetings of a public body; revising requirements relating to work-based learning programs; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to petroleum storage tanks. (BDR 40-343). Description: AN ACT relating to storage tanks; revising the method by which certain representatives who are members of the Board to Review Claims in the Division of Environmental Protection of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources are nominated; revising provisions governing responsibility for discharges from certain storage tanks; revising the requirements relating to the eligibility of a storage tank for the coverage of certain costs from the Fund for Cleaning Up Discharges of Petroleum; authorizing the distribution of additional amounts from the Fund to cover the cost for cleaning up certain discharges; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the operation of certain vehicles. (BDR 43-346). Description: AN ACT relating to vehicles; revising provisions governing the application and issuance of certain permits by the Department of Transportation for the operation of certain vehicles; authorizing the Department to grant a waiver from the maximum width of oversized manufactured or mobile homes or similar structures; revising provisions governing the measurement of the height, length and width of certain vehicles carrying loads; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to criminal law and criminal procedure. (BDR 14-371). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; requiring certain batteries which constitute domestic violence to be charged with certain felonies and gross misdemeanors; expanding the courts that are required to conduct a jury trial under certain circumstances; revising various provisions relating to jury trials; authorizing the use of sound recording equipment under certain circumstances; making various changes regarding the jurisdiction of municipal courts; revising provisions governing the selection of jurors; establishing a right to a jury trial under certain circumstances; prohibiting a person convicted of a battery which constitutes domestic violence or the same or similar conduct in another jurisdiction from owning or having in his or her possession or under his or her custody or control any firearm; revising the circumstances under which a prosecuting attorney is authorized to dismiss a charge of battery which constitutes domestic violence; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requests that the Nevada Supreme Court study certain issues relating to the Commission on Judicial Discipline. (BDR S-393). Description: AN ACT relating to the judiciary; requesting that the Nevada Supreme Court study and make recommendations concerning the Commission on Judicial Discipline and compile certain statistics for consideration by the Legislature; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to insurance. (BDR 57-316). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; revising provisions relating to bonds filed by various persons regulated by the Commissioner of Insurance; revising provisions governing service of process on certain entities; revising provisions governing reinsurance; revising provisions governing the issuance, renewal and expiration of various licenses, permits, certificates of registration and other authorizations to engage in an activity relating to insurance; revising provisions relating to fees paid by various persons regulated by the Commissioner; revising requirements for holding companies; setting forth requirements relating to certain policies of stop-loss insurance; revising provisions governing coverage for maternity care and pediatric care; revising provisions governing misleading advertisements by certain persons regulated by the Commissioner; revising provisions governing annual disclosures and submission of form letters by certain persons regulated by the Commissioner; revising requirements relating to captive insurers and risk retention groups; revising requirements relating to investments by various persons regulated by the Commissioner; revising requirements relating to examinations and investigations of various persons regulated by the Commissioner; revising provisions governing the applicability of laws to various persons regulated by the Commissioner; providing temporary requirements applicable to associations of self-insured private employers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to unfair trade practices. (BDR 52-425). Description: AN ACT relating to unfair trade practices; requiring certain notice to be provided to the Attorney General before the consummation of certain transactions involving a group practice or health carrier; revising provisions relating to proceedings instituted by the Attorney General under the Nevada Unfair Trade Practice Act; revising provisions relating to noncompetition covenants; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain retired public officers and employees to reinstate insurance under the Public Employees' Benefits Program. (BDR 23-321). Description: AN ACT relating to public employees; authorizing certain retired public officers and employees of nonparticipating local governmental agencies to reinstate insurance under the Public Employees' Benefits Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the Recovery Fund administered by the State Contractors' Board. (BDR 54-324). Description: AN ACT relating to contractors; revising provisions governing the eligibility of an injured person to recover damages from the Recovery Fund administered by the State Contractors' Board; limiting the rights which are assigned to the Board by an injured person who recovers satisfaction of a judgment from the Recovery Fund; increasing the amount of an administrative fine which the Board may impose against a residential contractor for failing to notify an owner of certain rights relating to the Recovery Fund; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes related to the Land Use Planning Advisory Council. (BDR 26-342). Description: AN ACT relating to public lands; revising the membership and duties of the Land Use Planning Advisory Council; authorizing the removal of certain voting members before the expiration of their term under certain circumstances; requiring the election of a vice chair of the Advisory Council; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the establishment of certain systems of communication on highways. (BDR 35-347). Description: AN ACT relating to transportation; revising provisions relating to the establishment by the Department of Transportation of a system of communication for members of the general public to report and receive certain information; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates the Advisory Committee on Traffic Safety within the Department of Transportation. (BDR 35-350). Description: AN ACT relating to traffic safety; creating the Advisory Committee on Traffic Safety within the Department of Transportation; requiring the Advisory Committee to review, study and make recommendations regarding certain issues relating to traffic safety in this State and to prepare an annual report of its activities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes to the Charter of the City of North Las Vegas. (BDR S-368). Description: AN ACT relating to the City of North Las Vegas; providing for the creation, membership and duties of a Charter Committee; making certain grammatical and clarifying changes to the Charter of the City of North Las Vegas; revising provisions relating to special and emergency meetings of the City Council; revising the procedure for enacting city ordinances; making various changes to the duties of the City Clerk; revising the powers of the City Council relating to animals; revising provisions relating to the removal of the City Attorney; authorizing the City Manager and City Attorney to take certain legal action for the collection and disposition of certain money; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Temporarily suspends certain requirements relating to certain teacher and administrator evaluations. (BDR 34-434). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring that pupil growth account for 0 percent of certain teacher and administrator evaluations for the 2021-2022 school year; requiring that pupil growth account for 15 percent of certain teacher and administrator evaluations beginning with the 2022-2023 school year; temporarily suspending the requirement to develop learning goals for pupils to measure pupil growth; clarifying that pupil growth accounts for 0 percent of certain teacher and administrator evaluations for the entirety of the 2020-2021 school year; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes changes relating to the authority and duties of the Attorney General. (BDR 3-417). Description: AN ACT relating to the Attorney General; authorizing the Attorney General to investigate whether a state governmental authority, any agent thereof or any person acting on behalf of a state governmental authority has engaged in certain patterns or practices that deprive persons of certain rights, privileges or immunities and file a civil action to eliminate such an identified pattern or practice in certain circumstances; establishing provisions relating to such an investigation; requiring the Attorney General to participate and cooperate in any investigation by the United States Department of Justice regarding whether the Office of the Attorney General has engaged in certain patterns or practices that deprive persons of certain rights, privileges or immunities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions relating to tobacco. (BDR 15-420). Description: AN ACT relating to tobacco; increasing the minimum legal sales age for tobacco products; revising the punishment for certain prohibited acts relating to the sale of tobacco products; revising provisions relating to delivery sales of tobacco products; eliminating certain duplicative requirements concerning the sale of cigarettes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes certain provisions of a contract or settlement agreement void and unenforceable. (BDR 4-422). Description: AN ACT relating to witnesses; making provisions of a contract or settlement agreement that prohibit or restrict a party to the contract or settlement agreement from testifying at judicial or administrative proceedings concerning criminal conduct, sexual harassment, discrimination or retaliation void and unenforceable under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to trade practices. (BDR 52-424). Description: AN ACT relating to trade practices; increasing penalties for certain offenses relating to the use of a device for automatic dialing and announcing; establishing certain practices as deceptive trade practices; authorizing the imposition of additional civil penalties for certain deceptive trade practices in certain actions and proceedings under certain circumstances; revising provisions relating to certain administrative hearings; revising the penalties for willfully and knowingly engaging in a deceptive trade practice; eliminating the statute of limitations for certain civil actions involving deceptive trade practices which are brought by the Attorney General; authorizing the Consumer's Advocate of the Bureau of Consumer Protection in the Office of the Attorney General to have access to certain records; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Nevada ABLE Savings Program. (BDR 38-397). Description: AN ACT relating to the Nevada ABLE Savings Program; revising provisions governing regulations adopted to carry out the Program; authorizing the State Treasurer to apply for and accept any gift, grant, donation, bequest or other source of money to carry out the Program; revising provisions governing the Endowment Account established in the State General Fund related to the Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to the financial administration of local governments. (BDR 31-404). Description: AN ACT relating to local financial administration; authorizing a local government to use money from a certain fund to mitigate the effects of certain emergencies; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain crimes. (BDR 15-407). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising the jurisdiction for the prosecution of certain crimes; revising provisions concerning soliciting a child for prostitution; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the abatement of certain taxes. (BDR 32-266). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising requirements for agreements between the Office of Economic Development and applicants for an abatement or partial abatement of certain taxes; requiring the Department of Taxation to issue a document certifying an abatement or partial abatement of sales and use taxes to businesses for which the Office has approved certain abatements or partial abatements of sales and use taxes; authorizing a business for which the Office has approved certain abatements or partial abatements of sales and use taxes to apply for a refund of sales and use taxes paid for which the business was entitled to an abatement or partial abatement; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-293). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising provisions relating to the suspension or expulsion of a pupil from a public school, charter school or university school for profoundly gifted pupils in certain circumstances; providing that certain hearings and proceedings relating to suspending or expelling a pupil are not subject to the Open Meeting Law; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to charter schools. (BDR 34-286). Description: AN ACT relating to education; increasing the period within which a meeting must be held by the State Public Charter School Authority to consider an application to form a charter school; exempting certain charter schools from certain performance frameworks; authorizing the sponsor of a charter school to eliminate certain elementary, middle or high schools in or campuses of a charter school in certain circumstances; revising provisions relating to the performance of a charter school; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing economic development. (BDR 18-290). Description: AN ACT relating to economic development; revising provisions relating to the membership of the Board of Economic Development; revising provisions governing the appointment of the Executive Director of the Office of Economic Development within the Office of the Governor; renaming and revising provisions relating to the Division of Motion Pictures within the Office of Economic Development; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the deposit of child support payments collected by the Division of Welfare and Supportive Services of the Department of Health and Human Services. (BDR 31-299). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; revising provisions governing deposits of public money under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain information maintained by the Division of Natural Heritage of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources. (BDR 18-313). Description: AN ACT relating to conservation; providing, with certain exceptions, that certain information related to a rare plant or animal species or ecological community that is included in the data systems maintained by the Division of Natural Heritage of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources is confidential; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Nevada State Board on Geographic Names. (BDR 26-258). Description: AN ACT relating to geographic names; revising provisions relating to the Nevada State Board on Geographic Names; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the licensure of dietitians. (BDR 54-259). Description: AN ACT relating to dietetics; revising provisions relating to licensure to engage in the practice of dietetics; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to pesticides. (BDR 51-265). Description: AN ACT relating to pesticides; revising requirements relating to the maintenance of certain records of restricted-use pesticides; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Uniform Registration of Canadian Money Judgments Act. (BDR 2-772). Description: AN ACT relating to judgments; adopting the Uniform Registration of Canadian Money Judgments Act; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to weights and measures. (BDR 51-273). Description: AN ACT relating to measurement standards; establishing field reference standards and transfer standards as additional measurement standards; creating a new rebuttable presumption relating to field reference standards; requiring the State Sealer of Consumer Equitability to make available to all users of field reference standards and transfer standards certain calibration and certification capabilities; requiring the State Sealer of Consumer Equitability to adopt certain regulations for field reference standards and transfer standards; removing the requirement that the State Sealer of Consumer Equitability establish requirements for information relating to open dating of packaged food; revising certain rebuttable presumptions relating to weights, measures and weighing or measuring devices; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to care for veterans. (BDR 37-284). Description: AN ACT relating to veterans; authorizing the Director of the Department of Veterans Services to establish and operate programs to provide adult day health care to veterans in certain circumstances; eliminating obsolete requirements concerning the location of veterans' homes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions concerning the Department of Veterans Services and certain advisory public bodies relating to veterans. (BDR 37-285). Description: AN ACT relating to veterans; revising the duties of the Director of the Department of Veterans Services; changing the terms of members of certain advisory public bodies relating to veterans; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to wildfires. (BDR 42-110). Description: AN ACT relating to wildfires; authorizing the State Forester Firewarden to enter into certain public-private partnerships; authorizing the State Forester Firewarden to purchase or acquire certain equipment for the early warning or detection of wildfires; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to noxious weeds. (BDR 49-108). Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture; revising provisions relating to the control of noxious weeds; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to the recovery of certain expenses and costs incurred in extinguishing certain fires and emergencies. (BDR 42-111). Description: AN ACT relating to emergencies; revising provisions relating to the recovery of expenses incurred by certain governmental entities in extinguishing a fire or meeting an emergency; authorizing, with certain exceptions, counties, cities and certain general improvement districts to bring an action to recover certain expenses related to wildfires; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the staff of the Assembly for their service during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1183). Description: Expressing appreciation to the staff of the Assembly for their service during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes to provisions governing the vacation or abandonment of certain easements. (BDR 22-460). Description: AN ACT relating to land use planning; authorizing cities and counties to establish a simplified procedure for the vacation and abandonment of certain easements; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to governmental entities. (BDR 34-147). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental entities; requiring the board of trustees of a school district, governing body of a charter school or governing body of a university school for profoundly gifted pupils to adopt a policy prohibiting the use of certain racially discriminatory identifiers; authorizing the board of trustees of a school district, governing body of a charter school or governing body of a university school for profoundly gifted pupils to use an identifier associated with a federally recognized Indian tribe in certain circumstances; prohibiting a county, city or unincorporated town from sounding certain sirens, alarms or bells; requiring the Nevada State Board on Geographic Names to recommend changes to the names of geographic features or places that are racially discriminatory; requiring the Board to report annually to the Legislature or the Legislative Commission, as applicable, on any recommendations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to wildlife. (BDR 45-588). Description: AN ACT relating to wildlife; authorizing the Board of Wildlife Commissioners to establish a program which authorizes a person to transfer his or her tag to hunt a big game mammal to a qualified organization for use by certain persons; authorizing, under certain circumstances, a family member of a deceased big game hunter to transfer a tag to hunt a big game mammal; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the State Board of Nursing. (BDR 54-60). Description: AN ACT relating to nursing; revising provisions relating to the membership of the State Board of Nursing; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the membership of the Legislative Committee on Public Lands. (BDR 17-463). Description: AN ACT relating to public lands; revising the membership of the Legislative Committee on Public Lands; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to emergency response employees. (BDR 40-96). Description: AN ACT relating to emergency medical services; authorizing a governmental entity which licenses and regulates emergency response employees to enter into a contract with a nonprofit organization to establish a program to provide peer support counseling to emergency response employees who are experiencing mental health issues as a result of the nature of their work; prescribing requirements for such a program; imposing certain duties on the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services relating to the mental health issues experienced by emergency response employees; expanding the applicability of certain provisions relating to emergency response employees to emergency medical dispatchers and law enforcement dispatchers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Standing Rules of the Senate for the 81st Session of the Legislature. (BDR R-889). Description: Adopting the Standing Rules of the Senate for the 81st Session of the Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing toxic chemicals. (BDR 40-141). Description: AN ACT relating to toxic chemicals; prohibiting, with certain exceptions, the discharge, use or release of certain Class B firefighting foams; requiring, with certain exceptions, certain entities who discharge, use or release certain Class B firefighting foam to notify the Division of Environmental Protection of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources; requiring the Division to establish a working group to study issues relating to certain substances; prohibiting, with certain exceptions, the manufacture, sale or distribution of certain products containing certain chemicals; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to wildfires. (BDR 42-109). Description: AN ACT relating to wildfires; authorizing the State Forester Firewarden to enter into a cooperative agreement with federal, state and local agencies to create a fire board of directors; revising the duties of the State Forester Firewarden; creating the Wildland Fire Protection Program; authorizing the Commissioner of Insurance to create an insurance incentive program related to wildfires; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the administration of certain substances to animals by licensed veterinarians. (BDR 54-113). Description: AN ACT relating to veterinary medicine; authorizing a licensed veterinarian to administer to an animal a product containing hemp or CBD which contains not more than 0.3 percent THC or recommend to the owner of an animal the use of such a product to treat a condition of the animal; prohibiting the Nevada State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners from taking disciplinary action against a licensed veterinarian or the facility in which a licensed veterinarian engages in the practice of veterinary medicine on the basis of the administration or recommendation of such a product; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises requirements for the issuance of certain annual permits for entering, camping and boating in state parks and recreational areas. (BDR 35-877). Description: AN ACT relating to state lands; revising certain requirements relating to the issuance to certain veterans of an annual permit for entering, camping and boating in state parks and recreational areas; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the preservation of certain prehistoric sites. (BDR 33-763). Description: AN ACT relating to historic preservation; revising provisions relating to obtaining a permit to excavate a site on private lands that is known to be a prehistoric Indian burial site; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to wrongful convictions. (BDR 3-586). Description: AN ACT relating to actions concerning persons; exempting certain records concerning a civil action for wrongful conviction from the requirement to be sealed; exempting the State from provisions governing offers of judgment in an action for wrongful conviction; exempting a judgment for wrongful conviction from interest on certain judgments; clarifying the period of time used to calculate the amount of a judgment for wrongful conviction; establishing certain limitations applicable to awards for certain items; limiting the amount of monetary compensation which may be awarded to a person who has previously obtained an award of monetary compensation or a settlement from this State or other governmental entity; requiring a person who previously received compensation for a wrongful conviction, and who subsequently obtains an award of monetary compensation or a settlement from this State for the wrongful conviction, to notify and reimburse the State for the amount previously obtained; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing interscholastic activities. (BDR 34-517). Description: AN ACT relating to interscholastic activities; requiring any board formed to govern the Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association to include at least three members who are parents or guardians of pupils who participate in a sanctioned sport; requiring any advisory board to a governing board to include at least three members who are pupils currently participating in a sanctioned sport; establishing certain requirements relating to the residency and terms of such members who are parents, guardians or pupils; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of Economic Development for the provision of grants to certain entities impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. (BDR S-899). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of Economic Development for the provision of grants to certain entities impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the procedure for determining whether a person may prosecute or defend a civil action without paying costs. (BDR 2-564). Description: AN ACT relating to civil actions; revising the procedure for determining whether a person may prosecute or defend a civil action without paying costs; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to charter schools. (BDR 34-529). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising requirements for teachers who provide instruction at a charter school; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the Nevada Lobbying Disclosure and Regulation Act. (BDR 17-900). Description: AN ACT relating to lobbying; revising the definition of the term lobbyist for the purpose of determining the applicability of certain provisions governing lobbyists; revising provisions relating to the registration of lobbyists and the filing of certain reports concerning lobbying activities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission. (BDR 23-106). Description: AN ACT relating to peace officers; revising provisions relating to the membership of the Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to compromised claims of a minor. (BDR 3-806). Description: AN ACT relating to minors; revising provisions relating to compromised claims of a minor; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Increases the limitation of time within which a criminal prosecution for sex trafficking must be commenced. (BDR 14-610). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; increasing the limitation of time within which a criminal prosecution for sex trafficking must be commenced; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to domestic relations. (BDR 11-118). Description: AN ACT relating to domestic relations; authorizing one or more adults to petition a court for the adoption of a child; authorizing a court to waive the hearing on a petition for the adoption of a child in certain circumstances; requiring that additional information must be included in a petition for the adoption of a child who currently resides in the home of the petitioners; authorizing a court to determine that more than two people have a parent and child relationship with a child; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to traffic offenses. (BDR 43-491). Description: AN ACT relating to vehicles; establishing civil penalties for certain traffic and related violations; defining certain traffic and vehicle violations as misdemeanors; creating procedures for civil infractions for traffic and related violations to be adjudicated; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the transportation of children in motor vehicles. (BDR 43-209). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; revising provisions relating to the transportation of children in motor vehicles; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Maternal Mortality Review Committee. (BDR 40-740). Description: AN ACT relating to maternal health; revising the duties of the Maternal Mortality Review Committee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises certain provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-774). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; requiring the Secretary of State to allow an elector with a disability to register to vote and a registered voter with a disability to request and cast an absent ballot using the system of approved electronic transmission established for certain uniformed military and overseas voters; setting forth certain requirements for such an elector or registered voter to use the system of approved electronic transmission; eliminating the requirement to cancel a person's voter registration if a person changes his or her party affiliation; revising the deadline by which certain uniformed military and overseas voters may submit an application to register to vote or a request for a military-overseas ballot; making various other changes related to the system of approved electronic transmission established for certain uniformed military and overseas voters; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing special license plates indicating support for the Vegas Golden Knights hockey team. (BDR 43-797). Description: AN ACT relating to special license plates; imposing additional fees for the issuance and renewal of the special license plates indicating support for the Vegas Golden Knights hockey team; requiring the distribution of the additional fees to the Vegas Golden Knights Foundation for certain purposes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-99). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; providing for a presidential preference primary election; setting forth requirements and procedures for holding a presidential preference primary election; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing insurance. (BDR 57-780). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; requiring insurance companies to offer uninsured and underinsured vehicle coverage in policies that cover motorcycles; requiring insurance companies to offer the option of covering certain medical expenses in policies that cover motorcycles; clarifying that certain provisions for the reduction in the premium paid for a motor vehicle insurance policy do not apply to motorcycles; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to custodial interrogations of children. (BDR 5-783). Description: AN ACT relating to juvenile justice; requiring a peace officer or probation officer who takes a child into custody to make certain disclosures to the child before initiating a custodial interrogation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts changes to the Revised Uniform Athlete Agents Act (2015). (BDR 34-766). Description: AN ACT relating to intercollegiate athletics; adopting changes promulgated by the Uniform Law Commission to the Revised Uniform Athlete Agents Act (2015) relating to prohibited acts by athlete agents; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the eligibility of certain convicted persons for public assistance. (BDR 38-760). Description: AN ACT relating to public assistance; revising provisions relating to the eligibility of certain convicted persons for public assistance; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to local governments. (BDR 31-524). Description: AN ACT relating to local governments; authorizing the governing body of a county or city to transfer money from certain enterprise funds to pay the costs for constructing one or more fire stations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to service of process on certain lessors of vehicles. (BDR 2-544). Description: AN ACT relating to civil actions; requiring certain lessors of vehicles to accept service of process under certain circumstances; requiring such lessors to transmit a copy of the service of process to certain lessees; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the sealing of records for summary evictions. (BDR 3-569). Description: AN ACT relating to evictions; requiring the automatic sealing of records for certain summary evictions relating to defaults in the payment of rent which are granted during the COVID-19 emergency; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions concerning victims of human trafficking. (BDR 16-856). Description: AN ACT relating to human trafficking; requiring the Administrator of the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services to perform certain duties relating to victims of human trafficking; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to water. (BDR 40-123). Description: AN ACT relating to water; authorizing the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to develop plans, recommendations and policies to address water pollution resulting from diffuse sources; revising requirements for regulations adopted by the State Environmental Commission relating to water pollution; revising notice requirements relating to regulations adopted by the Commission; revising various provisions relating to the control of water pollution by the Director of the Department; revising requirements relating to the control of diffuse sources of water pollution; requiring the Director to consult or notify Indian tribes of certain actions relating to water pollution; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing mining. (BDR 46-134). Description: AN ACT relating to mining; revising the application requirements for obtaining a permit to engage in an exploration project or mining operation; prohibiting certain persons from obtaining such a permit; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the Cannabis Compliance Board to create an electronic database containing certain information relating to testing conducted by cannabis independent testing laboratories. (BDR 56-693). Description: AN ACT relating to cannabis; requiring the Cannabis Compliance Board to create an electronic database containing certain information relating to the testing of cannabis and cannabis products by a cannabis independent testing laboratory; setting forth certain requirements for the database; requiring the Board to adopt certain regulations concerning the administration of the database; requiring the Board to submit to the Legislature a biennial report containing certain information relating to the database; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to punitive actions concerning special license plates. (BDR 43-473). Description: AN ACT relating to special license plates; revising provisions governing certain terminations and suspensions of certain special license plates; revising provisions governing certain fees collected by the Department of Motor Vehicles on behalf of certain charitable organizations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing performance contracts. (BDR 27-708). Description: AN ACT relating to public financial administration; clarifying that a local government may use any savings realized under a performance contract to make payments required under the performance contract; making a legislative declaration to encourage using agencies to utilize performance contracts to implement operating cost-savings measures; authorizing such agencies to request the reinvestment of savings realized under such performance contracts during the budgetary process; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing certain notice provided by public utilities. (BDR 58-510). Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; authorizing public utilities to provide certain notice to customers electronically; revising certain requirements governing the quarterly rate of adjustment provided by a public utility; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the waiver by the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada of certain fees for active members of the Nevada National Guard. (BDR 34-23). Description: AN ACT relating to the Nevada National Guard; authorizing the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada to waive certain fees for a spouse or child of a member of the active Nevada National Guard who has reenlisted under certain circumstances; requiring the Adjutant General to perform certain duties relating to waivers granted, assigned or reassigned to members and eligible persons; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes a person who is the victim of certain discriminatory conduct relating to an incident involving a peace officer to bring a civil action under certain circumstances. (BDR 3-227). Description: AN ACT relating to civil liability; authorizing a person who is the victim of certain discriminatory conduct relating to an incident involving a peace officer to bring a civil action under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the penalties for certain offenses involving alcohol or cannabis. (BDR 15-360). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; establishing and revising the penalties for certain offenses involving alcohol, marijuana and cannabis; requiring the automatic sealing of records relating to certain offenses involving alcohol, marijuana and cannabis; providing juvenile courts with exclusive jurisdiction over offenses relating to alcohol or marijuana committed by children; establishing provisions relating to the issuance of citations for offenses relating to alcohol or marijuana committed by children; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing tuition for veterans. (BDR 34-681). Description: AN ACT relating to veterans; removing the 5-year limitation on assessing certain tuition charges against honorably discharged veterans; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes disclosure requirements relating to certain elections-related communications. (BDR 24-867). Description: AN ACT relating to campaign practices; requiring, under certain circumstances, a person, committee for political action, political party or committee sponsored by a political party to disclose certain information when advocating expressly for or against a candidate or group of candidates or soliciting a contribution by text message; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing higher education. (BDR 34-745). Description: AN ACT relating to higher education; establishing provisions relating to recruitment activities of certain institutions of higher education; requiring certain institutions of higher education to provide certain information to students; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes certain protections for certain swamp cedars. (BDR 47-468). Description: AN ACT relating to natural resources; providing certain protections for a certain population of Rocky Mountain junipers; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to professional engineers and land surveyors. (BDR 54-798). Description: AN ACT relating to professional regulation; revising provisions relating to the exemption from licensure as a professional engineer for employees of certain public utility companies; revising provisions relating to eligibility to take certain required examinations for licensure as a professional land surveyor; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to prescriptions. (BDR 54-61). Description: AN ACT relating to pharmacy; requiring certain pharmacies to provide certain information regarding a prescription in a language other than English under certain circumstances; requiring such pharmacies to post notice of the rights of a patient to request information in language other than English; providing immunity from civil liability to a pharmacy or employee for injuries resulting from the translation of such information by a third party under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to prescription drugs. (BDR 57-71). Description: AN ACT relating to prescription drugs; requiring an insurer to take certain actions relating to the acquisition of prescription drugs for an insured who resides in an area for which a declared disaster or state of emergency is in effect; authorizing a pharmacist to dispense a prescription drug to a patient who resides in such an area in an amount greater than is authorized by the prescribing practitioner under certain conditions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to mental health. (BDR 40-522). Description: AN ACT relating to mental health; providing for the reporting of certain information by certain providers of health care relating to attempted suicide; requiring certain insurers and other organizations providing health coverage to adhere to certain provisions of federal law; requiring certain insurers and other organizations providing health coverage to submit information demonstrating mental health parity and addiction equity compliance; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the elements of the crime of advancing prostitution. (BDR 15-744). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising the elements of the crime of advancing prostitution; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Temporarily creates the Office of Small Business Advocacy within the Office of the Lieutenant Governor. (BDR 18-213). Description: AN ACT relating to small businesses; temporarily creating the Office of Small Business Advocacy within the Office of the Lieutenant Governor; setting forth the powers and duties of the Office of Small Business Advocacy; authorizing the Office of Small Business Advocacy to accept gifts, grants and contributions; providing that the records of the Office of Small Business Advocacy are confidential; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to the issuance of citations and arrests by peace officers. (BDR 23-634). Description: AN ACT relating to peace officers; prohibiting a law enforcement agency from requiring a peace officer to issue a certain number of traffic citations or make a certain number of arrests; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Designates the month of September of each year as Ovarian and Prostate Cancer Prevention and Awareness Month in Nevada. (BDR 19-917). Description: AN ACT relating to periods of observance; designating the month of September of each year as Ovarian and Prostate Cancer Prevention and Awareness Month in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Abolishes the Commission on Special License Plates. (BDR 43-476). Description: AN ACT relating to special license plates; abolishing the Commission on Special License Plates and transferring the duties and authorities of the Commission to the Department of Motor Vehicles; requiring the Department to hold public meetings and comply with certain notice requirements for such public meetings before approving or disapproving an application for the design, preparation and issuance of a special license plate; requiring the Legislative Auditor to compile certain reports and submit such reports to the Department and the Director of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for transmittal to the Legislature or Legislative Commission, as applicable; transferring certain duties and authorities relating to certain actions concerning charitable organizations from the Commission to the Department; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expands Medicaid coverage for certain pregnant women. (BDR 38-130). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the Director of the Department of Health and Human Services to expand coverage under the State Plan for Medicaid for certain pregnant women; making appropriations to and authorizing expenditures of money by the Division of Health Care Financing and Policy and the Division of Welfare and Supportive Services of the Department; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to the use of mobile devices by peace officers. (BDR 23-924). Description: AN ACT relating to peace officers; requiring each law enforcement agency to adopt a written policy establishing standards of conduct for the use of mobile devices by peace officers employed by the law enforcement agency; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides certain employees with the right to use sick leave to assist certain family members with medical needs. (BDR 53-379). Description: AN ACT relating to employment; requiring, with certain exceptions, private employers that provide employees with sick leave to allow an employee to use such leave to assist a member of the employee's immediate family with certain medical needs; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the State Plan for Medicaid to include coverage for the services of a community health worker under certain circumstances. (BDR 38-449). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the State Plan for Medicaid to include coverage for the services of a community health worker under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the testing of pregnant women for certain sexually transmitted infections. (BDR 40-453). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; revising provisions relating to the reporting of cases of syphilis; requiring, with certain exceptions, the testing of pregnant women for certain sexually transmitted infections; revising provisions concerning the testing and treatment of pregnant women for syphilis; restricting the amount that certain persons and facilities may require a third party insurer to pay for certain testing; revising penalties for failure to comply with provisions concerning testing of pregnant women for sexually transmitted infections; providing a civil penalty; requiring certain third party insurers to cover the testing of pregnant women for certain sexually transmitted infections; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the suspension and expulsion of pupils. (BDR 34-176). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the annual report of accountability to include certain information relating to restorative justice; revising provisions relating to the suspension or expulsion of pupils; requiring the Department of Education to provide certain guidance to the board of trustees of a school district; requiring the Department to adopt regulations relating to the discipline of pupils; exempting certain hearings relating to appeals of the suspension or expulsion of pupils from the provisions governing public meetings; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to pupils who are English learners. (BDR 34-174). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the board of trustees of a school district to collect certain data relating to pupils who are English learners; establishing certain rights for pupils who are English learners and the parents or legal guardians of pupils who are English learners; requiring the board of trustees of each school district to post certain information on its Internet website authorizing the Department of Education to adopt certain regulations; requiring the board of trustees of each school district to identify the primary language of each pupil; requiring a pupil who is an English learner to remain in a program for English learners until the pupil obtains language proficiency, with certain exceptions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires courthouses to contain lactation rooms for use by members of the public under certain circumstances. (BDR 1-734). Description: AN ACT relating to courts; requiring courthouses to contain lactation rooms for use by members of the public under certain circumstances; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to persons experiencing homelessness. (BDR 11-682). Description: AN ACT relating to homelessness; revising requirements concerning the provision of health care to a minor without the consent of his or her parents or legal guardian in certain circumstances; revising provisions requiring the State Registrar to provide certain certificates to a homeless person free of charge in certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that certain businesses which offer goods or services through an Internet website, mobile application or other electronic medium are places of public accommodation. (BDR 54-567). Description: AN ACT relating to public accommodations; expanding the definition of place of public accommodation to include a business which offers goods or services to the general public in this State through an Internet website, mobile application or other electronic medium and which is not operated in conjunction with a physical location which is open to the public; exempting certain online forums from the applicability of provisions governing places of public accommodation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing veterinary medicine. (BDR 54-168). Description: AN ACT relating to veterinary medicine; prohibiting the practice of veterinary medicine except within the context of a veterinarian-client-patient relationship except in certain circumstances; authorizing a veterinarian to supervise a veterinary technician via veterinary telemedicine under certain circumstances; revising which acts constitute the practice of veterinary medicine; revising provisions governing service of process; eliminating the requirement for notarization of applications for certain licenses; revising provisions governing the renewal of certain licenses; authorizing veterinary technicians to administer certain vaccinations under certain circumstances; revising certain procedures required in response to complaints against a licensee; authorizing the Nevada State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners to issue nondisciplinary letters of correction under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to charitable lotteries and charitable games. (BDR 41-581). Description: AN ACT relating to gaming; revising the definition of qualified organization; revising provisions relating to the registration of a qualified organization to operate a charitable lottery or charitable game; revising provisions relating to the prohibition against the registration of a qualified organization to operate a charitable lottery or charitable game in certain circumstances; establishing provisions concerning online ticket sales conducted by qualified professional sports organizations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes concerning the acquisition, possession, provision or administration of auto-injectable epinephrine and opioid antagonists by schools. (BDR 40-98). Description: AN ACT relating to controlled substances; authorizing certain health care professionals to issue an order for an opioid antagonist to a public or private school; authorizing public and private schools to obtain and maintain opioid antagonists under certain conditions; providing immunity to certain persons for acts or omissions relating to the acquisition, possession, provision or administration of auto-injectable epinephrine or opioid antagonists in certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the practice of chiropractic. (BDR 54-140). Description: AN ACT relating to chiropractic; requiring a business entity that provides chiropractic services to register with the Chiropractic Physicians' Board of Nevada; establishing certain duties of a registrant; revising terminology used to refer to a person who provides chiropractic services; revising certain qualifications of an applicant for a license to engage in the practice of chiropractic; authorizing a chiropractic physician to recommend, dispense or administer certain drugs and devices; creating a privilege for confidential communication between a patient and a chiropractic physician; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to land use planning. (BDR 22-795). Description: AN ACT relating to land use planning; requiring, with certain exceptions, a copy of the tentative map of the design of a proposed subdivision of land to be forwarded to the Department of Wildlife for review; revising the factors that are considered before taking final action on a tentative map; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to court interpreters. (BDR 1-758). Description: AN ACT relating to interpreters; revising and expanding the membership of the committee to advise the Court Administrator regarding adoption of regulations relating to the certification or registration of court interpreters for certain persons; requiring the committee to submit an annual report to the Chief Justice of the Nevada Supreme Court and the Legislature and make the report available to the public; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing sexual assault. (BDR 15-103). Description: AN ACT relating to sexual assault; revising the definition of sexual assault by replacing gendered language with gender-neutral language; requiring the Advisory Commission on the Administration of Justice to appoint a subcommittee to conduct an interim study concerning sexual assault and to make a report to the Advisory Commission; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the eligibility requirements for participation in courses for an adult to earn a high school diploma. (BDR 34-653). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the Department of Education to adopt regulations relating to the eligibility of certain persons to enroll in courses for an adult to earn a high school diploma; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires Medicaid to cover certain services for persons with cognitive impairments. (BDR 38-385). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the State Plan for Medicaid to include coverage for certain cognitive assessment and care planning services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires training for unlicensed caregivers at certain facilities. (BDR 40-454). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring the State Board of Health to adopt regulations requiring unlicensed caregivers at designated facilities to receive certain training; requiring the person in charge of such a facility to perform certain duties related to such training; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the sealing of criminal records. (BDR 14-137). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal justice; authorizing the sealing of criminal records after a pardon; requiring the sealing of criminal records under certain circumstances; authorizing the appeal of certain petitions to seal criminal records; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-181). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising provisions relating to a program of instruction based on an alternative schedule; revising certain provisions relating to programs of distance education; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing employment practices. (BDR 53-739). Description: AN ACT relating to employment; revising provisions governing periods of limitation in certain civil actions concerning unlawful employment practices; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for access to menstrual products in certain public schools. (BDR 34-767). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring that the annual report of accountability prepared by the board of trustees of each school district and the governing bodies of certain charter schools include certain information related to menstrual products; requiring the provision of menstrual products in the bathrooms of certain public schools; requiring the board of trustees of each school district and the governing bodies of certain charter schools to develop a plan to address access to menstrual products; requiring the board of trustees of each school district and the governing bodies of certain charter schools to submit a report to the Legislature; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing examinations for the licensure of teachers and other educational personnel. (BDR 34-139). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the Commission on Professional Standards in Education to consider alternative means of demonstrating competency for certain persons when adopting regulations governing examinations for the licensure of teachers and other educational personnel; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to contractors. (BDR 54-720). Description: AN ACT relating to contractors; setting forth the persons who may perform certain types of work for a contractor; revising the grounds for disciplinary action against a licensee by the State Contractors' Board; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to children's advocacy centers. (BDR 38-358). Description: AN ACT relating to child welfare; prescribing the requirements governing the credentialing and operation of children's advocacy centers; providing that certain persons are immune from civil liability for certain actions or omissions in duties performed on behalf of or through a children's advocacy center; requiring the governing body of each county and each agency which provides child welfare services to ensure access to a children's advocacy center for certain children; creating an account to support children's advocacy centers; authorizing the disclosure of certain information to a multidisciplinary team of a children's advocacy center; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to juvenile justice. (BDR 5-791). Description: AN ACT relating to juvenile justice; eliminating the exclusion of certain offenses from the jurisdiction of the juvenile court; revising provisions relating to the certification of a child for criminal proceedings as an adult; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing education on the Holocaust and other genocides. (BDR 34-97). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the State Board of Education to appoint a subcommittee to review and make recommendations on the manner in which to provide certain information to pupils concerning the Holocaust and other genocides; requiring the subcommittee to review the manner in which certain standards support comprehensive education on the Holocaust; requiring the State Board to submit a report to the Legislative Committee on Education; requiring the Legislative Committee on Education to submit a report to the Legislature; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions governing financial education for pupils and their parents and guardians. (BDR 34-42). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the board of trustees of a school district and the governing bodies of certain charter and private schools to provide support and assistance to certain pupils and their parents and guardians in completing the Free Application for Federal Student Aid; requiring the board of trustees of a school district and the governing bodies of certain charter and private schools to report certain information to the State Treasurer; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the qualifications for the Office of Attorney General. (BDR 18-921). Description: AN ACT relating to the Attorney General; revising provisions governing the qualifications for the Office of Attorney General; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions relating to real property. (BDR 10-22). Description: AN ACT relating to real property; establishing a process for the Real Estate Division of the Department of Business and Industry to investigate complaints alleging violations of provisions governing certain fees which may be imposed or charged by a unit-owners' association for a common-interest community; revising provisions pertaining to the applicability of certain provisions of law governing the creation, alteration and termination of common-interest communities; prohibiting a unit-owners' association from imposing or charging certain fees other than or in excess of those that the association is expressly authorized or required by statute to impose or charge; increasing the cost of a demand or intent to lien letter; revising provisions relating to the exemption from providing certain information in the case of certain dispositions of a unit in a common-interest community; requiring certain notice to be provided for a foreclosure sale; revising provisions relating to the sale of real property consisting of several lots or parcels; revising provisions regarding the ascertainment of title of real property to be partitioned; making certain technical changes and removing certain obsolete provisions; revising provisions concerning instruments that subordinate or waive priority of a mortgage or deed of trust of, lien upon or interest in real property; revising provisions relating to certain liens on real property; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions governing credits on terms of imprisonment during certain declarations of emergency. (BDR 16-982). Description: AN ACT relating to offenders; establishing a credit against the sentence of certain offenders incarcerated during a state of emergency declared due to a communicable or infectious disease; requiring the Director of the Department of Corrections to submit a report containing a list of the offenders who have received such a credit; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Increases certain fees relating to notaries public and document preparation services. (BDR 19-983). Description: AN ACT relating to public affairs; authorizing certain notaries public to receive fees for performing notarial acts in addition to fees for performing document preparation services; increasing certain fees which may be charged by a notary public; increasing certain fees required to register or renew a registration to engage in the business of a document preparation service; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Western Regional Education Compact. (BDR 34-472). Description: AN ACT relating to education; updating the signatories to the Western Regional Education Compact; changing the name of the Office of the Western Regional Education Compact to the Nevada Office of the Western Interstate Commission for Higher Education; revising provisions relating to the powers and duties of the Nevada State Commissioners and the Nevada Office; revising provisions relating to financial support received by participants enrolled in programs under the terms of the Compact; revising provisions relating to certain accounts administered by the Nevada Office; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to common-interest communities. (BDR 10-796). Description: AN ACT relating to common-interest communities; prohibiting, under certain circumstances, a common-interest community from restricting the hours in which construction work may begin; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to insurance to supplement Medicare. (BDR 57-142). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; requiring the establishment of an open enrollment period for a Medicare supplemental policy; prohibiting an insurer issuing such a policy from taking certain actions during the open enrollment period; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to records concerning children. (BDR 5-986). Description: AN ACT relating to juvenile justice; establishing provisions relating to the expungement of certain records relating to children; revising provisions concerning the sealing of records relating to children; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental administration. (BDR 19-947). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; setting forth certain requirements for meetings of public bodies that use remote technology systems; revising the notice requirements for a meeting of a public body; revising provisions relating to the privilege of certain persons to publish defamatory matter at a public meeting; revising requirements for notice of intent to act upon a regulation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing collegiate athletics. (BDR 34-879). Description: AN ACT relating to education; prohibiting certain entities from compensating a student athlete for the use of the name, image or likeness of the student athlete; providing that a student athlete may be compensated for the use of the name, image or likeness of the student athlete by certain organizations; directing the Legislative Committee on Education to appoint a committee to conduct an interim study relating to the use of the name, image or likeness of a student athlete; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for Medicaid coverage of doula services. (BDR 38-849). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the State Plan for Medicaid to provide coverage of doula services to the extent authorized by federal law; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to apply for a waiver or State Plan amendment to receive federal funding for coverage of doula services; requiring any person who desires to provide doula services to a recipient of Medicaid to enroll with the Division of Health Care Financing and Policy of the Department; requiring an enrolled doula to report the abuse of certain persons; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions governing indoor air quality in public schools. (BDR 34-212). Description: AN ACT relating to school property; requiring the board of trustees of a school district or the governing body of a charter school to assess and improve certain ventilation and filtration systems of a school to the extent that money is available; establishing requirements for such assessments and improvements; requiring certain personnel to complete an assessment report; requiring the board of trustees of a school district or the governing body of a charter school to prepare a report; requiring certain local educational agencies to include certain information in an addendum to a plan to return to in-person instruction; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing consolidated library districts. (BDR 33-167). Description: AN ACT relating to libraries; revising provisions governing the duties of the trustees of consolidated library districts; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing education to provide diversity and inclusivity in the academic standards and curriculum. (BDR 34-672). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the board of trustees of a school district or the governing body of a charter school to ensure that instruction is provided to certain pupils on the history and contributions of certain groups of persons; revising provisions relating to the selection of instructional materials by the State Board of Education; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing education. (BDR 34-946). Description: AN ACT relating to education; prohibiting the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada from assessing registration fees, certain fees associated with course enrollment and laboratory fees against certain students; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to class size. (BDR 34-704). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring only certain personnel be counted in determining the ratio of pupils per licensed teacher; establishing provisions relating to job vacancies in a school district; requiring the board of trustees of a school district to post certain information on its Internet website; revising provisions relating to the statewide performance evaluation system for teachers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the preservation of the Nevada State Prison and the Stewart Indian School. (BDR 18-646). Description: AN ACT relating to state property; revising provisions relating to the buildings and grounds of the former Stewart Indian School; revising provisions related to the Silver State Industries Endowment Fund and the Endowment Fund for the Historic Preservation of the Nevada State Prison; authorizing the sale or consumption of beer and wine at certain events held within the historic structures, buildings and other property of the Nevada State Prison; making various other changes related to the Nevada State Prison; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing insurance. (BDR 57-984). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; revising provisions relating to the exchange of medical and insurance information by certain persons involved in a claim for personal injury asserted under a policy of motor vehicle insurance; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the collection of certain information from physicians. (BDR 54-771). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring a physician to complete a data request when renewing his or her license or registration; requiring licensing boards that license physicians to make the data request available to applicants for the renewal of a license or registration; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to collect, maintain and report on information received from the data requests; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public restrooms. (BDR 54-132). Description: AN ACT relating to public restrooms; requiring places of public accommodation, public buildings and facilities owned by a public body, certain areas leased by or on behalf of a public body and certain leased areas within a state park that provide a single-stall restroom to the public to make the single-stall restroom as inclusive and accessible as possible to a person of any gender identity or expression; revising provisions relating to the signage for such single-stall restrooms; requiring certain governmental entities to include in their building codes or, if applicable, adopt by ordinance a requirement that certain buildings and facilities used by the public that contain a single-stall restroom which is available to the public be as inclusive and accessible as possible to a person of any gender identity or expression and prohibiting certain signage on such restrooms; providing a penalty; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the retention of certain records by short-term lessors, brokers and dealers of vehicles. (BDR 43-794). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; requiring that certain records maintained by short-term lessors be made available to the Department of Taxation, the Department of Motor Vehicles and certain local government employees upon request; authorizing certain records maintained by short-term lessors, brokers and dealers of vehicles to be maintained electronically; requiring a dealer or broker of vehicles to provide certain records upon request at the address specified in the request; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to statutory liens on motor vehicles. (BDR 9-761). Description: AN ACT relating to statutory liens; providing a procedure to contest the validity of certain liens on a motor vehicle; requiring that certain additional information be provided in a notice of lien on a motor vehicle; providing for the expiration of a lien on a motor vehicle; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Prohibits certain acts relating to firearms. (BDR 15-21). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; prohibiting a person from engaging in certain acts relating to unfinished frames or receivers under certain circumstances; prohibiting a person from engaging in certain acts relating to firearms which are not imprinted with a serial number under certain circumstances; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to childbirth. (BDR 40-799). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; revising certain terminology relating to pregnancy and birth; providing for the licensing and regulation of freestanding birthing centers; requiring a freestanding birthing center to perform certain screening, report certain information to the local health officer and make certain information available to the Chief Medical Officer; authorizing the Maternal Mortality Review Committee to access certain information; eliminating the licensing and regulation of obstetric centers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to financial institutions. (BDR 55-979). Description: AN ACT relating to financial institutions; requiring a trust company or savings bank that assumes the role of custodian of an individual retirement account to provide certain notice to holders of the account under certain circumstances; revising the definition of the term fiduciary for the purposes of certain provisions relating to the business of a trust company; authorizing funds held in a fiduciary capacity by a savings bank to be swept to the deposit accounts of the savings bank under certain circumstances; imposing certain requirements on savings banks relating to funds in a fiduciary account administered by a savings bank that are awaiting investment or distribution; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes a civil cause of action for the dissemination of personal identifying information or sensitive information under certain circumstances. (BDR 3-121). Description: AN ACT relating to actions concerning persons; establishing a civil cause of action to recover damages, reasonable attorney's fees and costs from a person who disseminates personal identifying information or sensitive information under certain circumstances; authorizing a court to issue a temporary restraining order or a permanent or temporary injunction under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to noncommercial vehicle leases. (BDR 8-782). Description: AN ACT relating to vehicles; establishing the conditions under which a default by a lessee in a consumer vehicle lease may be enforced; setting forth certain requirements for a consumer vehicle lease; requiring certain lessors to use a lease agreement that satisfies those requirements; authorizing certain civil actions; revising certain definitions for certain purposes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing motor vehicles. (BDR 58-696). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; revising provisions governing the release of a motor vehicle connected to a tow car at the point of origination of the towing; revising provisions relating to the towing of a motor vehicle from a residential complex or a common-interest community; revising provisions restricting the keeping of unregistered vehicles on real property; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes the Nevada Commission on Minority Affairs to request the drafting of not more than 2 legislative measures for each regular session of the Legislature. (BDR 17-990). Description: AN ACT relating to legislative measures; authorizing the Nevada Commission on Minority Affairs to request the drafting of not more than 2 legislative measures for each regular session of the Legislature; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing peace officers. (BDR 23-918). Description: AN ACT relating to law enforcement; revising provisions governing the standards for programs of continuing education for peace officers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing employment practices. (BDR 18-764). Description: AN ACT relating to employment; requiring the preparation of informative notices by the Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation; requiring the Department to provide the notices to the Labor Commissioner; requiring the Labor Commissioner to require certain employers to post such notices in the workplace; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to landlords and tenants. (BDR 10-880). Description: AN ACT relating to property; revising provisions relating to late fees; revising certain definitions used in the Residential Landlord and Tenant Act; revising provisions relating to notices of increases in rent; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain public employees. (BDR 23-647). Description: AN ACT relating to public employees; requiring the employer of a police officer, firefighter or correctional officer to make available certain information and counseling relating to mental health issues to the police officer, firefighter or correctional officer; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to veterans' benefits. (BDR 37-949). Description: AN ACT relating to veterans; requiring the disclosure of certain information concerning certain events and services relating to benefits or entitlements for veterans; creating a cause of action for certain violations of such requirements; providing a civil penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions relating to estates. (BDR 3-805). Description: AN ACT relating to estates; revising provisions relating to certain declaratory relief; exempting certain fiduciaries from the requirement to provide a residential disclosure form in certain circumstances; revising provisions relating to electronic wills; establishing and revising various provisions governing the administration of estates; revising provisions concerning the distribution of small estates; revising provisions relating to the compensation of attorneys for personal representatives; revising the definition of the term independent attorney; revising provisions relating to the nomination of a guardian; authorizing a trustee to reimburse a settlor for the payment of tax on trust income or principal; revising various provisions concerning trusts and the administration of trusts; requiring that public administrators or similar persons be given certain information relating to a decedent and access to the safe deposit box of a decedent in certain circumstances; authorizing certain entities to charge a reasonable fee for providing certain information to public administrators or similar persons; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes a pilot program relating to dual credit courses. (BDR S-925). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the College of Southern Nevada to establish a pilot program to enhance opportunities for pupils to enroll in dual credit courses; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the operation of large all-terrain vehicles on certain streets and highways. (BDR 43-196). Description: AN ACT relating to off-highway vehicles; revising provisions governing the operation of certain large all-terrain vehicles on certain streets and highways; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-927). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; establishing procedures for the use of mail ballots in every election; establishing various requirements relating to mail ballots; revising the requirements for signature verification of mail ballots; revising the deadline to submit a request for the establishment of a polling place within an Indian reservation or Indian colony for an election; revising the personal data that may be requested if a voter's signature is challenged at the polls; requiring the Secretary of State to enter into a cooperative agreement with the State Registrar of Vital Statistics to obtain certain information relating to the statewide voter registration list; authorizing a county clerk, city clerk or registrar of voters and deputies thereof charged with powers and duties relating to elections to request certain personal information be maintained in a confidential manner; revising provisions relating to the withdrawal of a petition for initiative or referendum; repealing provisions related to absent ballots, mailing ballots and affected elections; providing a penalty; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the recording of documents. (BDR 20-642). Description: AN ACT relating to records; authorizing the submission of a certified paper copy of an electronic document to certain county recorders; prescribing a certificate sufficient for certifying that a paper copy is a true and correct copy of an electronic document; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing cannabis. (BDR 56-641). Description: AN ACT relating to cannabis; authorizing a district attorney or city attorney to bring a civil action against a person for engaging in certain activities relating to cannabis without a license or registration card issued by the Cannabis Compliance Board; providing for the issuance by the Board of a cannabis establishment agent registration card for a cannabis receiver; setting forth certain requirements to obtain such a registration card; requiring the Board to adopt regulations relating to the activities of a holder of such a registration card with respect to a cannabis establishment that is subject to a receivership; authorizing the Board to adopt regulations governing the transfer of licenses which give a priority in processing such transfers to certain types of transfers; requiring advertising by a cannabis establishment to include the name and license number or other unique identifier of the cannabis establishment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires certain mental health professionals to complete continuing education relating to cultural competency. (BDR 54-175). Description: AN ACT relating to mental health; requiring certain mental health professionals to complete continuing education concerning cultural competency and diversity, equity and inclusion; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions governing occupational training and licensing. (BDR 54-759). Description: AN ACT relating to professions; providing for equivalent credit towards requirements for professional and occupational licenses and certifications for certain occupational, vocational and technical training; authorizing the State Apprenticeship Council to determine the applicability of credit towards requirements for approved apprenticeship programs for certain occupational, vocational and technical training; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes changes to provisions relating to land use planning. (BDR 22-357). Description: AN ACT relating to land use planning; establishing certain requirements for judicial review of certain land use planning decisions of a governing body, commission or board; exempting, under certain circumstances, the retention or detention of developed stormwater flow from provisions related to the appropriation of water; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to drug paraphernalia. (BDR 40-978). Description: AN ACT relating to drug paraphernalia; providing that it is not unlawful to provide, administer or use a testing product for certain purposes; exempting a person or entity acting in good faith and with reasonable care from professional discipline and civil liability for providing, administering or using a testing product for those purposes; excluding testing products from the list of drug paraphernalia that is prohibited for delivery, sale, possession, manufacture, advertising or use in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the redevelopment of communities. (BDR 22-852). Description: AN ACT relating to redevelopment; revising the requirements for the submission of an employment plan for a redevelopment project located in certain cities; requiring a developer and certain businesses to submit progress reports related to redevelopment projects in certain cities; revising provisions relating to the termination of certain redevelopment plans; authorizing a community to exercise certain powers related to redevelopment; requiring the Nevada Commission on Minority Affairs to provide an analysis of employment plans and progress reports related to certain redevelopment projects; revising certain requirements for membership of the Southern Nevada Enterprise Community Advisory Board; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires an annual behavioral wellness visit for peace officers. (BDR 23-226). Description: AN ACT relating to peace officers; requiring the Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission to adopt regulations establishing standards for an annual behavioral wellness visit for peace officers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the investment of certain public money in foreign bonds, notes or other obligations. (BDR 31-787). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental financial administration; revising the conditions under which certain public money may be invested in certain foreign bonds, notes or other obligations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to cannabis. (BDR 56-583). Description: AN ACT relating to cannabis; providing for the licensure and regulation by the Cannabis Compliance Board of cannabis consumption lounges; setting forth certain requirements for the licensure of cannabis consumption lounges; setting forth certain requirements for the operation of retail cannabis consumption lounges and independent cannabis consumption lounges; requiring the Board to adopt regulations establishing certain fees; revising provisions relating to certain cannabis products; revising provisions relating to the consumption of cannabis in a public place; establishing provisions relating to the civil liability of a person who serves, sells or furnishes cannabis or cannabis products to another person; revising provisions relating to the excise tax on retail sales of cannabis and cannabis products; exempting certain persons from certain provisions prohibiting a person from maintaining a place for the purpose of unlawfully selling, giving away or using any controlled substance; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to parole. (BDR 16-511). Description: AN ACT relating to parole; revising the frequency of the review of standards adopted by the State Board of Parole Commissioners relating to the granting and revocation of parole; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing certain regional transportation commissions. (BDR 17-742). Description: AN ACT relating to regional transportation commissions; authorizing certain regional transportation commissions to request the drafting of not more than one legislative measure for each regular session of the Legislature; requiring the development of plans for conducting walking audits of urbanized areas in certain counties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes the establishment of a program to facilitate transition of the care of older persons and persons with disabilities. (BDR 38-743). Description: AN ACT relating to public welfare; authorizing the establishment of a program to facilitate the transition of older persons and persons with disabilities being discharged from a hospital; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Patient Protection Commission. (BDR 40-497). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; transferring the Patient Protection Commission from the Office of the Governor to the Office of the Director of the Department of Health and Human Services; revising the membership and duties of the Commission; requiring the Commission to coordinate and administer certain assistance; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing motor vehicles. (BDR 43-58). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; revising provisions that govern an owner of an Old Timer vehicle, classic rod or classic car, including providing that such vehicles are exempt from the provisions governing the control of emissions from engines as long as they are not used for general transportation and further providing that such vehicles which are used for general transportation shall not be issued special license plates, except in certain situations, and instead must comply with the provisions governing the control of emissions from engines; authorizing the Department of Motor Vehicles to impose by regulation a fee of not more than $2 for the issuance and renewal of a license to inspect motor vehicles and devices for the control of pollution for certain additional locations; exempting a new motor vehicle from emissions testing for the first 3 years of the life of the motor vehicle and then requiring that emissions testing be conducted on new motor vehicles annually after the fourth registration of the motor vehicle; requiring certain fees charged for certain electronic monitoring programs to be equal in amount to the fee charged for forms certifying emission control compliance; authorizing certain boards of county commissioners to impose an additional fee for certain actions; requiring the Department to collect the additional fee on behalf of the county and distribute to the county any money obtained as a result of the additional fee; requiring any money received from such an additional fee to be used by the county to support certain programs that seek to reduce emissions from a motor vehicle; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing transient lodging. (BDR 20-636). Description: AN ACT relating to transient lodging; requiring the governing bodies of certain counties and cities to establish certain requirements relating to the rental of residential units as transient lodging; requiring certain persons to obtain an authorization for the rental of a residential unit as transient lodging; setting forth various requirements to obtain such an authorization; requiring certain accommodations facilitators to collect and remit taxes on the rental of residential units as transient lodging; revising provisions relating to the authority of a county or city to require a hosting platform to provide certain reports and information to the county or city; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides allowances to the members of the Senate for periodicals, stamps, stationery and communications. (BDR R-890). Description: Providing allowances to the leadership and other members of the Senate for periodicals, stamps, stationery and communications.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations for various purposes relating to health and education. (BDR S-976). Description: AN ACT making appropriations for various purposes relating to health and education; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to the conservation of water. (BDR S-1090). Description: AN ACT relating to water; prohibiting, with certain exceptions, the use of water from the Colorado River to irrigate nonfunctional turf on certain property; requiring the Board of Directors of the Southern Nevada Water Authority to develop a plan for the removal of nonfunctional turf on certain property; creating and setting forth the duties of the Nonfunctional Turf Removal Advisory Committee; requiring the Legislative Committee on Public Lands to conduct a study concerning water conservation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to consumer protection. (BDR 18-887). Description: AN ACT relating to consumer protection; creating the Consumer Protection Legal Account in the Office of the Attorney General and prescribing the use of money in the Account; creating the Consumer Protection Administrative Account in the Bureau of Consumer Protection within the Office
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions to improve access to Medicaid for persons released from incarceration. (BDR 38-919). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the suspension, rather than termination, of eligibility for Medicaid of a person who is incarcerated; authorizing a person who is incarcerated, in certain circumstances, to apply for enrollment in Medicaid before he or she is released; revising the requirement for the Director of the Department of Corrections to complete the paperwork to enroll such a person in Medicaid; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing trade practices. (BDR 52-684). Description: AN ACT relating to trade practices; providing that it is a deceptive trade practice not to provide certain translations in a language other than English of certain contracts, agreements or disclosures to certain persons; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to tobacco products. (BDR 32-864). Description: AN ACT relating to tobacco products; requiring a person to conduct age verification through enhanced controls before selling cigarettes, cigarette paper or other tobacco products to a person under 40 years of age; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Nevada Higher Education Prepaid Tuition Trust Fund. (BDR 31-980). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the Board of Trustees of the College Savings Plans of Nevada to adopt a policy relating to certain excess money in the Nevada Higher Education Prepaid Tuition Trust Fund; revising provisions governing the use of the money in the Trust Fund; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes the Statewide Substance Use Response Working Group. (BDR 40-991). Description: AN ACT relating to substance use disorders; creating the Statewide Substance Use Response Working Group; requiring the Working Group to review certain issues relating to substance misuse and substance use disorders; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental administration. (BDR 23-133). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; declaring the policy of this State that persons employed by the State be afforded respect, dignity and equity in the workplace; requiring the Departments of the State Government to prepare and submit a report concerning equity in the workplace annually; requiring the Administrator of
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing mental health records. (BDR 54-456). Description: AN ACT relating to mental health; exempting recordings of certain training activities from requirements concerning the retention, maintenance and disclosure of health care records under certain circumstances; requiring the destruction of such a recording after a certain period of time; prescribing certain additional requirements governing such a recording; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions governing discrimination based on race. (BDR 34-697). Description: AN ACT relating to education; establishing provisions relating to discrimination based on race; including discrimination based on race in existing law relating to bullying and cyber-bullying; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts the Keep Nevada Working Act and makes various other changes relating to immigration. (BDR 18-737). Description: AN ACT relating to immigration; enacting the Keep Nevada Working Act; creating the Keep Nevada Working Task Force and establishing the power and duties of the Task Force; requiring the Attorney General to publish model policies relating to immigration; requiring state and local law enforcement agencies, public schools, institutions of higher education, health care facilities and courthouses to take certain actions relating to the model policies published by the Attorney General; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions relating to public lands. (BDR 26-718). Description: AN ACT relating to public lands; revising the purpose of the State Land Office; revising provisions relating to the duties of the State Land Use Planning Agency; repealing various provisions relating to public lands; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions governing the energy efficiency of certain appliances. (BDR 58-490). Description: AN ACT relating to energy; requiring the Director of the Office of Energy to adopt standards of energy efficiency for certain appliances; prohibiting the sale, lease, rental or installation of certain new appliances that are not in compliance with energy efficiency standards; authorizing the Director to adopt standards of energy efficiency for certain additional appliances; requiring the Director to adopt regulations establishing a procedure for a consumer to apply for a delay in the implementation of a standard of energy efficiency for certain appliances; requiring a manufacturer to submit a certification for certain appliances prior to sale; authorizing the Director to take certain actions to investigate possible violations; establishing a civil penalty for violations; authorizing the adoption of appliance standards to facilitate the implementation of flexible demand technology; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of the Senate Session staff. (BDR R-891). Description: Providing for the appointment of the Senate Session staff.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to compensation received by public officers and employees. (BDR 23-52). Description: AN ACT relating to public employment; revising provisions relating to the compensation received by officers and employees of certain public bodies; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing access to broadband services. (BDR 18-790). Description: AN ACT relating to telecommunication service; requiring the State Treasurer to establish a program to enable voluntary contributions for infrastructure grants for broadband deployment; requiring the Office of Science, Innovation and Technology in the Office of the Governor to establish a program to make infrastructure grants for broadband deployment; requiring the Office of Science, Innovation and Technology to establish a program to encourage deployment of broadband infrastructure in certain communities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-1038). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; requiring notice of a contest of an election to be provided to the candidate whose election is being contested; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing certain crimes. (BDR 43-1030). Description: AN ACT relating to rules of the road; revising provisions relating to certain violations by pedestrians relating to crossing a highway; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to criminal justice. (BDR 14-484). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal justice; requiring the Executive Director of the Department of Sentencing Policy to assist the Nevada Sentencing Commission in carrying out certain duties; revising provisions relating to certain reports prepared by the Commission; authorizing the Commission to adopt qualifications for members of the Nevada Local Justice Reinvestment Coordinating Council; revising provisions concerning reports of presentence investigations; revising provisions relating to parolees and probationers; removing and replacing certain obsolete terminology; revising provisions concerning the embezzlement of a vehicle and certain marijuana-related offenses; authorizing the Attorney General to investigate and prosecute any criminal offense committed by a city officer or employee in certain circumstances; repealing provisions relating to inquiries to determine probable cause when a probationer is in custody for a violation of a condition of probation; repealing provisions requiring the Chief Parole and Probation Officer of the Division of Parole and Probation of the Department of Public Safety to adopt standards to assist in formulating a recommendation concerning the granting of probation or the revocation of parole or probation; providing penalties; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that behavioral health specialists performing mobile crisis intervention services are immune from civil liability under certain circumstances. (BDR 3-1046). Description: AN ACT relating to civil actions; providing that behavioral health specialists performing mobile crisis intervention services are immune from civil liability under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to the use of deadly force. (BDR 15-1042). Description: AN ACT relating to peace officers; revising provisions relating to the use of deadly force to effectuate an arrest; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to county clerks. (BDR 20-1026). Description: AN ACT relating to county clerks; requiring the county clerk to pay certain fees to the county treasurer on or before the fifth day of the month; revising the permissible uses of certain fees collected by a county clerk; eliminating certain provisions related to the issuance of a marriage license during certain office hours or during other hours by a commercial wedding chapel; requiring that a county clerk in certain counties issue a marriage license during certain hours; making various other changes relating to county clerks; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to sales of residential property. (BDR 10-812). Description: AN ACT relating to sales of residential property; providing that a seller's agent shall not complete a disclosure form regarding the residential property; providing that a seller's agent is not liable to the purchaser under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the production and sale of eggs and egg products. (BDR 51-559). Description: AN ACT relating to eggs; prohibiting certain farm owners or operators in this State from knowingly confining egg-laying hens in certain enclosures; exempting from certain provisions governing the production, sale and transport of egg farm owners or operators with an annual shell egg production from 3,000 or fewer egg-laying hens under certain circumstances; requiring certain farm owners or operators to obtain an endorsement stating that the egg products or shell eggs sold, offered or exposed for sale or transported for sale within this State were produced by an egg-laying hen housed in an enclosure that is not prohibited; authorizing the State Department of Agriculture to deny, suspend or revoke such an endorsement for certain causes; providing for an appeal within 10 business days after such an action; prohibiting certain acts related to the sale of egg products in shell eggs; providing that the Department or an authorized inspector or agent of the Department is entitled to free access during regular business hours to the farm, business or records of certain farm owners or operators or a business owner or operator to carry out certain inspections; authorizing the State Quarantine Officer to adopt regulations; providing a civil penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to prohibited acts concerning the use of marijuana and certain other controlled substances. (BDR 43-485). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; revising provisions relating to prohibited acts concerning the use of marijuana and certain other controlled substances; establishing provisions relating to administrative suspensions of commercial drivers' licenses, permits and driving privileges; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to orders for protection against domestic violence. (BDR 3-1023). Description: AN ACT relating to domestic violence; establishing provisions relating to the proper venue for filing an application for an order for protection against domestic violence; revising provisions relating to the information included in an application for an order for protection against domestic violence; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to gaming. (BDR 41-643). Description: AN ACT relating to gaming; revising provisions relating to the filing of certain information with the Nevada Gaming Control Board; prohibiting certain acts relating to gaming; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the collection of child support. (BDR 3-138). Description: AN ACT relating to child support; providing for the withholding of gambling winnings of an obligor to apply to arrears in child support owed by the obligor; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the recruitment and selection of peace officers. (BDR 23-1031). Description: AN ACT relating to peace officers; requiring the Peace Officers' Standards and Training Commission to adopt certain regulations concerning the recruitment and selection of peace officers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public works. (BDR 28-200). Description: AN ACT relating to public works; revising qualifications for entering into a contract with a public body as a construction manager at risk; requiring certain contracts between a public body and a construction manager as agent to be awarded on the basis of competence and qualifications and not on the basis of competitive fees; removing the prospective expiration of provisions relating to construction managers at risk; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes changes to provisions governing fuel. (BDR 51-1022). Description: AN ACT relating to fuel; requiring the State Board of Agriculture to adopt by regulation certain specifications for motor vehicle fuel; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing motor vehicles. (BDR 43-1050). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; revising provisions governing fully autonomous vehicles; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the Department of Transportation to establish an Advisory Working Group to Study Certain Issues Related to Transportation during the 2021-2022 interim. (BDR S-458). Description: AN ACT relating to transportation; requiring the Department of Transportation to establish an Advisory Working Group to Study Certain Issues Related to Transportation during the 2021-2022 interim; prescribing the membership and duties of the Advisory Working Group; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the transfer of real property pursuant to a deed becoming effective upon the death of the grantor. (BDR 32-648). Description: AN ACT relating to real property; revising the exemption from real property transfer taxes for the conveyance of real property under a deed which becomes effective upon the death of the grantor; revising provisions governing the enforcement of claims against real property transferred pursuant to a deed upon death; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Directs the Legislative Auditor to conduct an audit of the Nevada System of Higher Education. (BDR S-753). Description: AN ACT relating to higher education; requiring the Legislative Auditor to conduct an audit of the Nevada System of Higher Education; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to school buses. (BDR 34-531). Description: AN ACT relating to school buses; requiring written notice to correct defects or inspection issues to be submitted to the superintendent of schools of a school district; authorizing recommendations to correct defects or inspection issues to be submitted to the superintendent of schools of a school district or his or her designee; requiring the Department of Public Safety to submit certain reports; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing charter schools. (BDR 34-751). Description: AN ACT relating to education; establishing various provisions relating to the sponsorship and governance of charter schools; requiring the disclosure of certain information relating to the management of charter schools; setting forth certain requirements for charter schools that have received certain low ratings of performance on the statewide system of accountability for public schools; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revising provisions governing educational management organizations. (BDR 34-754). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising provisions relating to educational management organizations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes the preferred method of referring to persons with certain conditions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and the Nevada Administrative Code. (BDR 17-1037). Description: AN ACT relating to persons with certain conditions; establishing the preferred manner of referring to persons with mental illness and persons who are deaf or hard of hearing in the Nevada Revised Statutes and the Nevada Administrative Code; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to elections. (BDR 24-1040). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; requiring the Secretary of State to create a centralized database that collects and stores voter preregistration and registration information from all of the counties; requiring each county clerk to use the database created by the Secretary of State to collect and store preregistration and registration information; making various other changes related to the creation and use of the database created by the Secretary of State; revising provisions governing risk-limiting audits of elections; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to pretrial release. (BDR 14-374). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; authorizing a court to adopt an administrative order relating to pretrial release; requiring a pretrial release hearing to be held within 48 hours after a person has been taken into custody; authorizing a justice of the peace to conduct a pretrial release hearing for a person located in another township; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to the protection of children. (BDR 38-516). Description: AN ACT relating to the protection of children; authorizing an agency which provides child welfare service or its designee to request a warrant to place a child in protective custody under certain circumstances; revising the requirements for notice given to certain persons of certain hearings; authorizing the Attorney General to sign a petition alleging that a child is in need of protection; making various other changes relating to the protection of children; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions relating to driving under the influence of alcohol or a prohibited substance. (BDR 43-373). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; revising provisions relating to the revocation of the license, permit or privilege of a driver; revising provisions concerning the issuance of a restricted driver's license; authorizing the Department of Motor Vehicles to issue an ignition interlock privilege to certain persons in lieu of a restricted driver's license; establishing provisions concerning ignition interlock devices; requiring the Director of the Department of Public Safety to establish the Ignition Interlock Program and adopt rules and regulations necessary to carry out the Program; establishing the Account for the Ignition Interlock Program; requiring the Department of Public Safety to adopt regulations establishing certain reasonable fees relating to ignition interlock devices; transferring certain duties from the Committee on Testing for Intoxication to the Department of Public Safety; revising various provisions concerning offenders who commit a violation of driving under the influence of alcohol or a prohibited substance; revising provisions relating to the statewide sobriety and drug monitoring program; authorizing a person who commits a first violation within 7 years of driving under the influence of alcohol or a prohibited substance to be sentenced to residential confinement in lieu of imprisonment; revising provisions relating to certain programs of treatment established by courts; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to disabilities. (BDR 39-1048). Description: AN ACT relating to disabilities; revising certain terms used to describe the provision of certain services to persons with intellectual disabilities and persons with developmental disabilities; removing related obsolete terms; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-1039). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; providing that certain agencies of the Executive Department of the State Government are automatic voter registration agencies; authorizing the Governor to designate additional state agencies and certain tribal agencies as automatic voter registration agencies; setting forth the requirements for an automatic voter registration agency to transmit certain voter registration information to the Secretary of State and county clerks; making various changes to the existing automatic voter registration process; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the commerce tax. (BDR 32-1049). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; expanding the exemption from the commerce tax for persons who take part in certain events for a purpose related to the conduct of a business; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to vision insurance. (BDR 57-808). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; prohibiting an insurer from entering into a contract with a provider of vision care that contains certain provisions; requiring an insurer to provide certain information to a provider of vision care before entering into a contract to include the provider in the network of the insurer; prescribing certain requirements concerning the advertising and marketing of vision coverage; authorizing the imposition of an administrative penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to embalming. (BDR 54-513). Description: AN ACT relating to embalming; revising the qualifications for certain certificates and licenses issued by the Nevada Funeral and Cemetery Services Board; authorizing certain students to enter into a room in a funeral home or mortuary where dead bodies are being embalmed; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to law enforcement. (BDR 14-376). Description: AN ACT relating to law enforcement; defining the terms repeat offense, prohibited offense and crime of violence; requiring certain persons to issue misdemeanor citations, traffic citations, vessel citations and wildlife citations under certain circumstances for offenses punishable as misdemeanors that do not constitute repeat offenses, crimes of violence or certain other prohibited offenses under certain circumstances; revising provisions governing the qualifications for the office of county sheriff; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing legislators. (BDR 17-922). Description: AN ACT relating to legislators; authorizing the allocation of the legislative measures requested by a legislator whose office becomes vacant during a certain period; revising provisions governing the purposes for which a Legislator may use unspent campaign contributions; authorizing a legislator who is appointed to the office of a legislator under certain circumstances to solicit or accept monetary contributions during certain periods; restricting the expenses for which such contributions may be used; requiring such contributions that remain unspent after a certain period to be returned or donated for certain purposes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises requirements concerning training of certain providers of health care. (BDR 54-450). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring certain providers of health care to complete training in the screening, brief intervention and referral to treatment approach to substance use disorder; authorizing such a provider of health care to use such training to complete certain continuing education requirements; authorizing a physician, physician assistant or advanced practice registered nurse to use a federal registration to dispense narcotic drugs for maintenance treatment or detoxification treatment to satisfy certain continuing education requirements; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the interim committee structure of the Legislature. (BDR 17-1045). Description: AN ACT relating to the Legislature; providing for the creation of Joint Interim Standing Committees of the Legislature; specifying the powers and duties of the Joint Interim Standing Committees; repealing various statutory committees; repealing the Advisory Commission on the Administration of Justice and the subcommittee of the Advisory Commission; reassigning certain powers and duties of repealed statutory committees and the Advisory Commission to the Joint Interim Standing Committees; reassigning the powers and duties of the Legislative Committee on Public Lands to the Subcommittee on Public Lands of the Joint Interim Standing Committee on Natural Resources; revising provisions governing requests for legislative measures by certain statutory committees; making various other changes relating to legislative activity during the interim between regular sessions of the Legislature; requiring the Commission to Study Governmental Purchasing to submit a biennial report to the Joint Interim Standing Committee on Legislative Operations and Elections; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing limousines. (BDR 58-1020). Description: AN ACT relating to limousines; authorizing a transportation network company to contract with a limousine motor carrier to provide limousine services through the use of the digital network or software application service of the transportation network company; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Aging and Disability Services Division of the Department of Health and Human Services for pavement maintenance at the Jones campus of the Desert Regional Center. (BDR S-1120). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Aging and Disability Services Division of the Department of Health and Human Services for pavement maintenance at the Jones campus of the Desert Regional Center; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to financial administration. (BDR 18-862). Description: AN ACT relating to financial administration; transferring the Office of Grant Procurement, Coordination and Management in the Department of Administration to the Office of the Governor; renaming the Office as the Office of Federal Assistance; requiring the Governor to appoint a Director of the Office; requiring the Director to develop a State Plan for Maximizing Federal Assistance; revising the duties of the Office relating to the procurement, coordination and management of federal assistance; creating the Nevada Grant Matching Program to provide funds to certain public agencies, tribal governments and nonprofit organizations as matching funds for federal grants; requiring that certain money from the Abandoned Property Trust Account be transferred to an account established as part of the Program; revising the membership and duties of the Nevada Advisory Council on Federal Assistance; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to workforce development. (BDR S-1108). Description: AN ACT relating to workforce development; directing the Governor of the State of Nevada to appoint a committee to conduct an interim study concerning opportunities to align workforce training and programs offered by community colleges in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for the replacement of computer hardware and software. (BDR S-1061). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for the replacement of computer hardware and software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to environmental protection. (BDR 40-1093). Description: AN ACT relating to environmental protection; requiring certain agencies and entities to submit information to the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for purposes of the annual report that the Department is required to prepare on greenhouse gases; authorizing money in the Account for the Management of Air Quality to be expended to pay the costs of preparing the annual report on greenhouse gases; requiring a transfer of certain money from the Fund for Cleaning Up Discharges of Petroleum to the Account for the Management of Air Quality; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Account for Pensions for Silicosis, Diseases Related to Asbestos and Other Disabilities. (BDR S-1112). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Account for Pensions for Silicosis, Diseases Related to Asbestos and Other Disabilities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Nevada Promise Scholarship Account to support the Nevada Promise Scholarship Program. (BDR S-1113). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Nevada Promise Scholarship Account to support the Nevada Promise Scholarship Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for the replacement of printers. (BDR S-1114). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of the State Controller for the replacement of printers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Division of Forestry of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for deferred maintenance projects. (BDR S-1133). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Division of Forestry of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for deferred maintenance projects; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Real Estate Division of the Department of Business and Industry for an upgrade of its licensing software system and the replacement of computer hardware and software. (BDR S-1134). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Real Estate Division of the Department of Business and Industry for an upgrade of its licensing software system and the replacement of computer hardware and software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to workforce development. (BDR 18-1068). Description: AN ACT relating to workforce development; moving the Office of Workforce Innovation from the Office of the Governor to the Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation; revising the name of the Office of Workforce Innovation; providing that the Executive Director of the Office of Workforce Innovation and the State Apprenticeship Director are in the unclassified service of the State; revising provisions relating to the administration and oversight of the State Apprenticeship Council; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Division of Museums and History of the Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs to restore the school bus program to reimburse transportation costs for public school students to visit state museums. (BDR S-1116). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Division of Museums and History of the Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs to restore the school bus program to reimburse transportation costs for public school students to visit state museums; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of the Attorney General for the cost of replacing standard glass windows and doors with ballistic glass and frames at the Carson City office. (BDR S-1060). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of the Attorney General for the cost of replacing standard glass windows and doors with ballistic glass and frames at the Carson City office; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Department of Corrections for an upgrade to and reintegration of certain management systems and for replacement cameras, storage area networks and ovens. (BDR S-1126). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Department of Corrections for an upgrade to and reintegration of certain management systems and for replacement cameras, storage area networks and ovens; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the reversion of certain money and makes a supplemental appropriation to the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for an unanticipated shortfall in the Forest Fire Suppression budget account. (BDR S-1058). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; providing for the reversion of certain money; making a supplemental appropriation to the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for an unanticipated shortfall in the Forest Fire Suppression budget account; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to restore the balances in the Stale Claims Account, the Emergency Account, the Reserve for Statutory Contingency Account and the Contingency Account and to the Interim Finance Committee to make certain allocations. (BDR S-1051). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to restore the balances in the Stale Claims Account, the Emergency Account, the Reserve for Statutory Contingency Account and the Contingency Account and to the Interim Finance Committee to make certain allocations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Division of Water Resources of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for the repair and maintenance of the South Fork Dam. (BDR S-1105). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Division of Water Resources of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for the repair and maintenance of the South Fork Dam; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Department of Corrections for hepatitis C treatments for offenders and new and replacement medical and dental equipment. (BDR S-1125). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Department of Corrections for hepatitis C treatments for offenders and new and replacement medical and dental equipment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Department of Transportation for the replacement of the Nevada Shared Radio System. (BDR S-1131). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Department of Transportation for the replacement of the Nevada Shared Radio System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to various divisions of the Department of Motor Vehicles for the replacement of computer hardware and software and certain other equipment and to the Interim Finance Committee to allocate to the Department for certain computer programming costs. (BDR S-1135). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to various divisions of the Department of Motor Vehicles for the replacement of computer hardware and software and certain other equipment and to the Interim Finance Committee to allocate to the Department for certain computer programming costs; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes a supplemental appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for a projected shortfall related to credit card processing fees. (BDR S-1145). Description: AN ACT making a supplemental appropriation to the Office of the Secretary of State for a projected shortfall related to credit card processing fees; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes a supplemental appropriation to the Real Estate Division of the Department of Business and Industry for a projected shortfall relating to time share filing fees. (BDR S-1147). Description: AN ACT making a supplemental appropriation to the Real Estate Division of the Department of Business and Industry for a projected shortfall relating to time share filing fees; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the system for reporting information relating to cancer and other neoplasms. (BDR 40-1082). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring applicants for the issuance or renewal of certain registrations and
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to and authorizes the expenditure of money by the Division of Welfare and Supportive Services of the Department of Health and Human Services for the continuation of the technology modernization project for the child support enforcement program. (BDR S-1122). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to and authorizing the expenditure of money by the Division of Welfare and Supportive Services of the Department of Health and Human Services for the continuation of the technology modernization project for the child support enforcement program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Millennium Scholarship Trust Fund to support the Governor Guinn Millennium Scholarship Program. (BDR S-1062). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Millennium Scholarship Trust Fund to support the Governor Guinn Millennium Scholarship Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Renames the Division of Management Services and Programs of the Department of Motor Vehicles. (BDR 43-1149). Description: AN ACT relating to the Department of Motor Vehicles; renaming the Division of Management Services and Programs of the Department of Motor Vehicles as the Division of Research and Project Management; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to off-highway vehicles. (BDR S-1097). Description: AN ACT relating to off-highway vehicles; abolishing the Revolving Account for the Assistance of the Department; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the executive staff of the Public Employees' Retirement System. (BDR 23-1150). Description: AN ACT relating to the Public Employees' Retirement System; creating the position of Chief Investment Officer as a member of the executive staff of the System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing legal services for indigent defendants. (BDR 1-1076). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal defense; revising various provisions relating to the appointment of attorneys; removing limitations on fees earned by certain attorneys; revising provisions relating to claims for compensation and expenses made by certain attorneys; creating the Special Account for the Support of Indigent Defense Services; revising certain deadlines for requirements placed on boards of county commissioners relating to the transfer of responsibility for the provision of indigent defense services to the State Public Defender; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services to designate a statewide center to provide assistance to certain victims. (BDR 16-1143). Description: AN ACT relating to crime; requiring the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services, to the extent that money is available for this purpose, to designate a statewide center to provide assistance to certain victims; authorizing the Administrator of the Division to accept any gift, grant, donation, bequest or other source of money for the purpose of carrying out duties related to the center; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to state business licenses. (BDR 7-1144). Description: AN ACT relating to businesses; requiring the Secretary of State to suspend the state business license of a person who owes a debt to a state agency under certain circumstances; requiring the Secretary of State to reinstate the suspended license under certain circumstances; revising provisions governing notifications of certain debts collected by the State Controller; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the disbursement of certain federal money in certain circumstances to the Employment Security Division of the Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation for the upgrade of its unemployment compensation information system. (BDR S-1162). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; requiring the disbursement of certain federal money in certain circumstances to the Employment Security Division of the Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation for the upgrade of its unemployment compensation information system; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Amends provisions related to emergency management. (BDR 18-1103). Description: AN ACT relating to emergency management; transferring the Division of Emergency Management and its powers and duties from the Department of Public Safety to the Office of the Military; granting the Adjutant General of the Office of the Military authority over the Division of Emergency Management; revising provisions governing the Adjutant General of the Office of the Military; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to property. (BDR S-1041). Description: AN ACT relating to property; defining certain terms; temporarily authorizing tenants subject to designated eviction proceedings to assert certain affirmative defenses relating to rental assistance and establishing procedures relating thereto; temporarily establishing procedures relating to claims for wrongful eviction; temporarily requiring a court to stay designated eviction proceedings in order to facilitate alternative dispute resolution; temporarily requiring notices for designated eviction proceedings to contain certain information; establishing temporary procedures relating to the provision of rental assistance to certain landlords of single family residences with at least one tenant who has defaulted in the payment of rent; requiring the disbursement of certain federal money in certain circumstances relating to rental assistance; providing a civil penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Legislative Fund for capital improvement projects, one-time building maintenance, information technology purchases and dues for national and regional organizations. (BDR S-1066). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Legislative Fund for capital improvement projects, one-time building maintenance, information technology purchases and dues for national and regional organizations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes and provides funding for certain projects of capital improvement. (BDR S-1172). Description: AN ACT relating to projects of capital improvement; authorizing certain expenditures by the State Public Works Division of the Department of Administration; levying a property tax to support the Consolidated Bond Interest and Redemption Fund; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for compensation of state employees. (BDR S-1173). Description: AN ACT relating to public employees; establishing the maximum allowed salaries for certain state employees; making appropriations from the State General Fund and State Highway Fund for increases in the salaries of certain employees of the State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes regarding state financial administration and makes appropriations for the support of the civil government of the State. (BDR S-1170). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; making appropriations from the State General Fund and the State Highway Fund for the support of the civil government of the State of Nevada for the 2021-2023 biennium; providing for the use of the money so appropriated; making various other changes relating to the financial administration of the State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental financial administration. (BDR 32-1034). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental financial administration; providing for the imposition, administration and payment of an excise tax on the Nevada gross revenue of business entities engaged in the business of extracting gold or silver in this State; revising provisions governing the distribution of the proceeds of the tax imposed on the net proceeds of minerals extracted in this State; revising provisions governing the credits against the payroll taxes imposed on certain businesses for taxpayers who donate money to a scholarship organization; authorizing a recipient of Medicaid to receive reimbursements for personal care services; removing the prohibition against a scholarship organization using certain donations to provide a grant on behalf of a pupil other than a pupil who received such a grant in the immediately preceding school year or for whom the scholarship organization reasonably expects to provide a grant of the same amount for each school year until graduation; requiring the disbursement of certain federal money to the Department of Education and the State Public Charter School Authority for the purpose of making grants for certain educational purposes; requiring the Commission on School Funding to investigate sources of revenue to fund public education; requiring the Legislative Committee on Education to conduct an interim study concerning the composition of the board of trustees of school districts; making appropriations; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Legislative Fund for the costs of the 81st Legislative Session. (BDR S-521). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Legislative Fund for the costs of the 81st Legislative Session; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-429). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising requirements to conduct certain assessments; revising requirements to measure the height and weight of certain pupils; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the imposition of certain penalties by ordinance for certain violations relating to fireworks. (BDR 20-402). Description: AN ACT relating to fireworks; revising provisions governing the authority of a board of county commissioners to enact certain ordinances related to fireworks; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes changes relating to telehealth. (BDR 40-416). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to establish an electronic tool to analyze certain data concerning access to telehealth; requiring certain entities to review access to services provided through telehealth and evaluate policies to make such access more equitable; revising provisions governing services provided through telehealth and insurance coverage of such services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the compensation of the clergy in the Senate for the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1161). Description: Providing for the compensation of the clergy and the coordinator of the clergy for services rendered to the Senate during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing orders for protection against high-risk behavior. (BDR 3-394). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; replacing the term ex parte order with emergency order; making various changes relating to applications for and the issuance of orders for protection against high-risk behavior; revising the persons to whom an adverse party must surrender firearms; requiring a court to order the return of any surrendered firearm of an adverse party upon the expiration of an extended order for protection against high-risk behavior; revising provisions relating to the dissolution of orders for protection against high-risk behavior; eliminating the requirement for a court clerk or designee to provide assistance to certain persons relating to such orders; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to certain orders for protection where the adverse party is a child under 18 years of age. (BDR 1-391). Description: AN ACT relating to courts; providing that the district court has exclusive jurisdiction over the issuance and dissolution of certain orders for protection where the adverse party is a child under 18 years of age; providing that the juvenile court has exclusive jurisdiction over actions relating to the violation of certain orders for protection where the adverse party is a child under 18 years of age; establishing procedures relating to orders declaring that the basis no longer exists for certain orders for protection be transmitted to the Central Repository for Nevada Records of Criminal History if the adverse party is a child under 18 years of age; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing guardianship of minors. (BDR 13-390). Description: AN ACT relating to guardianship of minors; establishing provisions relating to the transfer of jurisdiction of a guardianship of a minor to or from another state; establishing provisions relating to the registration and recognition of guardianship orders concerning minors that were issued in another state; revising provisions relating to the appointment of guardians by a court; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes certain changes relating to securities. (BDR 7-423). Description: AN ACT relating to securities; creating an exemption from licensing requirements for investment advisers to certain private funds; requiring the Administrator of the Securities Division of the Office of the Secretary of State, who is the Deputy of Securities, to submit a biennial report relating to securities to the Legislative Commission and publish the report by certain other means; revising provisions relating to the adoption of regulations by the Administrator; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires certain notices before the termination, expiration or ending of a restriction relating to the affordability of certain housing. (BDR 25-372). Description: AN ACT relating to housing; requiring an owner of certain housing that is financed by tax credits or other money provided by a government agency to provide certain notices before the termination, expiration or ending of a restriction relating to the affordability of the housing; setting forth requirements for such notice; authorizing the Housing Division of the Department of Business and Industry to impose an administrative fine upon an owner who fails to provide notice of the termination or expiration of a restriction; authorizing the Division to prohibit an owner who terminates an affordability restriction from applying for certain tax credits; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain emergency response plans and assessments. (BDR 36-280). Description: AN ACT relating to emergency management; revising requirements relating to the distribution by the Division of Emergency Management of the Department of Public Safety of a written guide to assist a person or governmental entity required to file certain emergency response plans; expanding the types of services regarding which certain utilities are required to develop and submit vulnerability assessments and emergency response plans; requiring certain state agencies to coordinate with the Division of Emergency Management to annually compile a list of each utility and provider of new electric resources required to submit a vulnerability assessment and emergency response plan; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to grant procurement, coordination and management. (BDR 18-255). Description: AN ACT relating to grants; revising provisions governing the powers and duties of the Administrator of the Office of Grant Procurement, Coordination and Management of the Department of Administration; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Nevada Commission on Minority Affairs of the Department of Business and Industry. (BDR 18-244). Description: AN ACT relating to minority affairs; transferring the duty to provide staff assistance to the Nevada Commission on Minority Affairs from the Department of Administration to the Department of Business and Industry; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing motor vehicles. (BDR 43-319). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; revising provisions governing the renewal of certain instruction permits to operate a motor vehicle or motorcycle; revising the requirements to obtain a license to operate a school for training drivers; requiring the operator of such a school to maintain and make available to the Department of Motor Vehicles and the State of Nevada certain records, books and other information; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing penalties for certain violations relating to public utilities. (BDR 58-277). Description: AN ACT relating to public utilities; increasing the maximum amount of administrative fines that the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada is authorized to assess for certain violations relating to public utilities; authorizing the Commission to assess an administrative fine on a person who provides inaccurate or misleading information to the Commission under certain circumstances; revising certain provisions related to determining the amount of certain administrative fines assessed by the Commission; increasing criminal penalties for certain violations relating to public utilities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions authorizing certain entities to obtain information relating to the records of criminal history of certain persons responsible for the safety and well-being of children, elderly persons or persons with disabilities. (BDR 14-336). Description: AN ACT relating to records of criminal history; establishing provisions authorizing certain entities to obtain information relating to the records of criminal history of certain persons responsible for the safety and well-being of children, elderly persons or persons with disabilities; providing a fee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises requirements relating to background investigations conducted by certain institutions, agencies and facilities that serve children. (BDR 5-303). Description: AN ACT relating to the protection of children; revising requirements relating to background investigations for certain applicants for employment with, and employees of, certain institutions, agencies and facilities that serve children; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to correctional institutions. (BDR 16-262). Description: AN ACT relating to correctional institutions; requiring the Director of the Department of Corrections to establish and maintain a package program for certain offenders; authorizing the Department to adopt regulations relating to the authority of the Director to make certain deductions from the individual account of an offender and from the wages of an offender; requiring the Director to provide a monthly statement to each offender relating to the individual account of the offender; revising the order of priority of certain deductions from the individual account of an offender and from the wages of an offender; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the State Conservation Commission. (BDR 49-308). Description: AN ACT relating to conservation; revising the boundaries of the areas from which certain members of the State Conservation Commission are appointed; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to workforce development. (BDR 18-289). Description: AN ACT relating to workforce development; revising requirements governing the approval of a program of workforce development by the Office of Economic Development; revising provisions governing the distribution and use of money provided by the Office to defray the cost of certain programs of workforce development; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the determination of whether food for human consumption is subject to sales and use taxes. (BDR 32-282). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising provisions governing the determination of whether food for human consumption is subject to sales and use taxes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions of the Nevada Code of Military Justice. (BDR 36-261). Description: AN ACT relating to the military; establishing the offense of sexual harassment within the Nevada Code of Military Justice; revising provisions relating to the offense of sexual assault within the Code; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes the appointment of an agent of the Department of Motor Vehicles to issue salvage titles. (BDR 43-348). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing the Department of Motor Vehicles to appoint an agent to issue salvage titles; authorizing such an agent to use the name, service marks, trademarks or logo of the Department in an advertisement upon receipt of the Department's written permission for such use; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to public safety. (BDR 14-337). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; authorizing the Central Repository for Nevada Records of Criminal History to monitor the agencies of criminal justice in this State for compliance with certain requirements relating to the submission or transmission of certain information and records concerning public safety; providing that if the Central Repository chooses to perform such monitoring, the Central Repository must prepare and post on its Internet website an annual report relating to the compliance of such agencies of criminal justice in this State with such requirements; revising the definition of a record of criminal history; revising the requirements for publication of certain statistical data; revising provisions relating to the information provided to an authorized participant of a service to conduct a name-based search of records of criminal history; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to offenders with substance use or co-occurring disorders. (BDR 16-327). Description: AN ACT relating to offenders; revising provisions governing certain programs of treatment for offenders established by the Director of the Department of Corrections; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises certain provisions relating to natural resource management. (BDR 47-312). Description: AN ACT relating to natural resource management; replacing the term reforestation with revegetation; expanding the types of vegetation and areas where vegetation is located that the State Forester Firewarden is responsible for conserving, protecting and enhancing; expanding the application of certain provisions governing forests and watersheds to include rangelands; repealing the requirement to carry out certain tasks related to fire retardant roofing, fire-hazardous forested areas and ensuring consistency with fire codes, rules and regulations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to agriculture. (BDR 50-330). Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture; revising provisions relating to certain employees of the State Department of Agriculture who have the powers of a peace officer; clarifying that certain inspections conducted by the Department are visual inspections; revising the definition of police officer to include agricultural police officers for purposes of certain benefits and exemptions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Private Investigator's Licensing Board. (BDR 54-419). Description: AN ACT relating to the Private Investigator's Licensing Board; abolishing the Fund for the Private Investigator's Licensing Board; requiring certain money collected by the Board to be deposited in certain financial institutions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to plans for responses to crises, emergencies and suicides by schools. (BDR 34-296). Description: AN ACT relating to education; changing the name of a development committee for a school district or charter school that develops a plan for responding to a crisis, emergency or suicide to an emergency operations plan development committee; requiring an emergency operations plan development committee to include at least one representative of the county or district board of health; requiring certain plans developed for use by schools in responding to crisis, emergency or suicide to be used in response to all hazards; requiring the Department of Education to include information regarding an epidemic in its model plan for the management of crises, emergencies and suicides; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises certain provisions relating to the process by which a district attorney may request assistance in criminal cases from the Office of the Attorney General. (BDR 18-411). Description: AN ACT relating to district attorneys; revising certain provisions relating to the process by which a district attorney may request assistance in criminal cases from the Office of the Attorney General; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions governing the retention of pro bono legal assistance by the Office of the Attorney General. (BDR 18-409). Description: AN ACT relating to legal services; establishing certain provisions applicable to pro bono contracts for legal services entered into by the Attorney General or any other officer, agency or employee in the Executive Department of the State Government; requiring the Attorney General to prepare and submit an annual report concerning such contracts; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the collection of certain data relating to health care. (BDR 40-415). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; authorizing the Patient Protection Commission to request certain reports from a state or local governmental entity; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to establish an all-payer claims database containing information relating to health insurance claims for benefits provided in this State under certain circumstances; requiring certain insurers to submit data to the database; authorizing certain additional insurers to submit data to the database; providing for the release and use of data in
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to orders authorizing the installation and use of a pen register or trap and trace device. (BDR 14-412). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; revising provisions relating to orders authorizing the installation and use of a pen register or trap and trace device; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain court rules and decisions. (BDR 1-389). Description: AN ACT relating to courts; revising provisions governing the printing and distribution of certain court rules and the decisions of the Nevada Supreme Court and the Nevada Court of Appeals; eliminating the requirement for the Nevada Supreme Court to provide by rule for mandatory training concerning certain litigation involving medical malpractice for certain district judges; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Advisory Board on Outdoor Recreation. (BDR 35-344). Description: AN ACT relating to outdoor recreation; increasing the membership of the Advisory Board on Outdoor Recreation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing behavioral health professionals. (BDR 54-428). Description: AN ACT relating to behavioral health; requiring an alternate means for an applicant for certain licenses and certificates to submit official transcripts if certain conditions are satisfied; requiring the adoption of regulations that authorize the remote supervision of certain persons; requiring licensing boards that regulate various professions relating to behavioral health to report certain information; revising provisions governing certain licenses by endorsement; providing for the issuance of a license as a master social worker to an applicant who meets certain qualifications; authorizing a master social worker or independent social worker to engage in certain activities; prescribing required documentation for an applicant for a license to engage in social work who is the graduate of a foreign college or university; authorizing the Board of Examiners for Social Workers to place a license to engage in social work on inactive status and refuse to issue a license under certain circumstances; requiring an employee of the Board to submit a complaint against a licensee to the Board under certain circumstances; prohibiting a person from engaging in the unlicensed practice of social work; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to crimes. (BDR 18-421). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; changing the name and duties of the Ombudsman for Victims of Domestic Violence; changing the duties and composition of the Committee on Domestic Violence; revising the penalty for a battery which constitutes domestic violence against a pregnant person; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Office of the Attorney General. (BDR 20-410). Description: AN ACT relating to the Office of the Attorney General; authorizing certain employees of the Office of the Attorney General to request that certain personal information be kept in a confidential manner; authorizing such persons to request the Department of Motor Vehicles to display an alternate address on his or her driver's license, commercial driver's license or identification card; designating certain vehicles owned and operated by the Office of the Attorney General as emergency vehicles; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing public borrowing. (BDR 30-395). Description: AN ACT relating to state securities; revising provisions relating to the issuance of certain interim debentures to fund the general operations of the State; eliminating the expiration date of provisions authorizing the issuance of such interim debentures; making certain other temporary changes relating to state securities permanent; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to cannabis. (BDR 56-268). Description: AN ACT relating to cannabis; prohibiting synthetic cannabinoids from being produced, sold or offered for sale in this State; authorizing the Cannabis Compliance Board to employ the services of persons the Board considers necessary for the purposes of hearing disciplinary proceedings; authorizing
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to warrants. (BDR 14-405). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; prohibiting a magistrate from issuing a no-knock arrest warrant or search warrant except under certain circumstances; requiring an arrest warrant or a search warrant to specify whether it is a no-knock warrant; establishing provisions relating to the manner of execution of a no-knock arrest warrant or search warrant; revising provisions relating to the circumstances under which a summons may be issued instead of an arrest warrant; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to sex- or gender-based harassment in the Executive Department of the State Government. (BDR 23-243). Description: AN ACT relating to state employees; prohibiting an employee of the Executive Department of the State Government from engaging in sex- or gender-based harassment; providing for the adoption and annual review of a policy for such employees concerning sex- or gender-based harassment; prescribing certain duties of an appointing authority relating to sex- or gender-based harassment; creating the Sex- or Gender-Based Harassment and Discrimination Investigation Unit within the Division of Human Resource Management of the Department of Administration; providing for the investigation of a complaint by the Investigation Unit; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the establishment of a program for awarding a dark sky designation to certain sites in this State. (BDR 35-427). Description: AN ACT relating to outdoor recreation; requiring the Administrator of the Division of Outdoor Recreation in the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to establish a program for awarding a dark sky designation to certain sites in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to the Division of State Parks of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources. (BDR 35-338). Description: AN ACT relating to the Division of State Parks of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources; authorizing the Administrator of the Division to organize the areas under the jurisdiction of the Division into regions; revising provisions relating to certain fees collected for the repair, operation and maintenance of communication systems in state parks; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the State Board of Agriculture. (BDR 50-263). Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture; revising the qualifications of the members of the State Board of Agriculture; increasing the membership of the Board; revising certain related provisions pertaining to the Board; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the licensing and regulation of employee leasing companies. (BDR 53-317). Description: AN ACT relating to employee leasing companies; transferring the duties for the licensing and certain regulation of certain companies which lease employees from the Administrator of the Division of Industrial Relations of the Department of Business and Industry to the Labor Commissioner; authorizing the Labor Commissioner to impose administrative penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Department of Public Safety. (BDR 43-352). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; revising certain functions and responsibilities of the Investigation Division of the Department of Public Safety and the Chief of the Investigation Division; granting authority to the Director of the Department to authorize the Department, the various divisions of the Department and the officers and employees of the Department to use certain designations to identify themselves; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions concerning the judicial review of decisions of the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada. (BDR 58-331). Description: AN ACT relating to the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada; prohibiting the filing of certain memoranda in a proceeding for judicial review of a final decision of the Commission; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing vehicles. (BDR 43-307). Description: AN ACT relating to vehicles; revising provisions relating to applications for and the design of special license plates; requiring license plates issued for vehicles used in investigations conducted by certain governmental agencies to bear no distinguishing marks which indicate that the vehicles are owned by a governmental entity; making information related to such vehicles confidential; revising provisions governing the issuance and renewal of certain special license plates; removing provisions relating to the distribution of certain fees from the Pollution Control Account; revising provisions relating to the expiration of certain special permits for the movement of vehicles outside of the State; authorizing certain persons to operate a vehicle for a limited period of time without possessing a permit to operate a vehicle that is not currently registered; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the program for the operation of vending facilities by licensees who are blind. (BDR 38-320). Description: AN ACT relating to persons with disabilities; providing for the training of licensees under the program for the operation of vending facilities by licensees who are blind; establishing procedures for the resolution of certain disputes related to the program; revising certain terminology related to the program; revising provisions establishing a priority of right for the operation by licensees of vending facilities in or on certain public buildings and properties; authorizing the operation of vending facilities by licensees in or on the buildings and properties of certain agencies; providing for the election of the Nevada Committee of Vendors Who Are Blind and prescribing certain duties of the Committee; authorizing contracts under which a licensee operates a vending facility on certain private property to provide for the payment of an incentive to the owner of the property; making certain other revisions relating to the operation of the program; adding exceptions to criminal provisions governing certain unauthorized sales, solicitations of orders and deliveries in or on public buildings or property; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the solicitation of contributions. (BDR 7-413). Description: AN ACT relating to solicitation of contributions; expanding the types of organizations required to register with the Secretary of State as a charitable organization and make certain disclosures in connection with the solicitation of contributions; revising provisions governing the information required to be filed with the Secretary of State to register as a charitable organization; revising the information required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of contributions; revising provisions governing the solicitation of contributions by certain charitable organizations and nonprofit corporations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to hemp. (BDR 49-264). Description: AN ACT relating to hemp; requiring the submission of an application for registration as a grower, handler or producer of hemp to the State Department of Agriculture on or before July 1 of any year; requiring a complete set of fingerprints to accompany an application for registration as a grower, handler or producer in certain circumstances; setting forth certain requirements for the sampling and testing of hemp; authorizing a grower to perform remediation activities on a growing crop of hemp that has a THC concentration that exceeds federal limits to render the crop compliant; revising the circumstances under which the Department is authorized to refuse to issue or renew, suspend or revoke a registration as a grower, handler or producer; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the State Department of Agriculture. (BDR 50-275). Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture; revising provisions relating to the composition and administration of the State Department of Agriculture; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to access to the Internet and telecommunications technology for pupils. (BDR 34-430). Description: AN ACT relating to education; prescribing the duties of the Office of Science, Innovation and Technology relating to access to the Internet and telecommunications technology for pupils; requiring the board of trustees of each school district and the State Public Charter School Authority to report certain information to the Office; requiring the Office to prepare and submit an annual report; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates a pilot program to gather data on the use of job order contracts for certain public works. (BDR S-400). Description: AN ACT relating to public works; creating a pilot program to gather data on the use of job order contracts for certain public works in Clark County, the City of Henderson, the City of Las Vegas, the City of North Las Vegas and the Clark County Water Reclamation District; temporarily authorizing the governing bodies of those entities to enter into a job order contract for the maintenance, repair, alteration, demolition, renovation, remediation or minor construction of a public work; prescribing the procedure for awarding a job order contract; making certain documents and other information submitted by a person seeking a job order contract confidential until a contract is awarded; prescribing responsibilities of a contractor who enters into a job order contract; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing public investments. (BDR 31-399). Description: AN ACT relating to public financial administration; revising provisions governing the investment of certain money held by the State; increasing the maximum amount of money the State Treasurer is authorized to transfer from the State Permanent School Fund to a corporation for public benefit to provide private equity funding to certain businesses; revising provisions governing the guarantee of bonds of school districts with money from the State Permanent School Fund; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to behavioral health. (BDR 39-431). Description: AN ACT relating to behavioral health; requiring peer recovery support specialists and peer recovery support specialist supervisors who provide peer recovery support services under certain conditions to be certified; authorizing the imposition of civil penalties for certain violations; prohibiting the employment or retention as an independent contractor of a person to provide or supervise the provision of peer recovery support services in a position where the person has regular and substantial contact with minors if the person has been found to have engaged in certain conduct; requiring a certified peer recovery support specialist or certified peer recovery support specialist supervisor to report certain information; requiring the Department of Education to publish a list of evidence-based curricula and programs concerning the prevention of substance misuse and substance use disorder; requiring the participation of public schools in a biennial survey to collect data concerning youth risk behavior of pupils enrolled in certain grades in a public school; abolishing requirements for the licensure of peer support recovery organizations; providing for the certification of substance use disorder prevention coalitions and prescribing the duties of such a coalition; requiring certain reporting concerning curricula and programs on substance misuse and substance use disorders in public schools; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing mental health. (BDR 39-418). Description: AN ACT relating to mental health; revising provisions governing the use of chemical restraints on persons with disabilities; establishing procedures for placing a person on and releasing a person from a mental health crisis hold; revising provisions governing the emergency admission of a person to a mental health facility or hospital; revising provisions governing involuntary court-ordered admission to a mental health facility and assisted outpatient treatment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing unclaimed property. (BDR 10-398). Description: AN ACT relating to unclaimed property; revising provisions of the Uniform Unclaimed Property Act; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to common-interest communities. (BDR 10-318). Description: AN ACT relating to common-interest communities; requiring a limited-purpose association to comply with certain requirements relating to the establishment and foreclosure of a lien for assessments; revising provisions relating to the imposition of fines that may be assessed for certain violations of the governing documents of a unit-owners' association; revising provisions relating to meetings of the executive board of a unit-owners' association; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the population total used in determining the distribution of certain taxes. (BDR 32-281). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; clarifying that the population totals certified by the Governor annually are used in determining the allocation and deposit of proceeds of the basic city-county relief tax; revising provisions governing the population totals used in determining the distribution of certain taxes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to unemployment compensation. (BDR 53-349). Description: AN ACT relating to unemployment compensation; revising provisions relating to personnel of the Employment Security Division of the Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation; revising requirements relating to the confidentiality of information concerning unemployment compensation; authorizing an extended benefit period to begin before the 14th week following the end of a prior extended benefit period under certain circumstances; revising provisions governing the electronic transmission of certain communications related to unemployment compensation; revising provisions relating to eligibility for unemployment benefits under certain circumstances; revising provisions relating to the judicial review of a decision of the Board of Review; revising requirements for the payment of certain refunds and adjustments; modifying certain requirements concerning unemployment benefits paid during certain periods of time; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public bodies. (BDR 19-466). Description: AN ACT relating to public bodies; exempting certain predecisional and deliberative meetings of public bodies from the requirements of the Open Meeting Law; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes changes to various provisions of the Charter of the City of Sparks. (BDR S-489). Description: AN ACT relating to the Charter of the City of Sparks; revising provisions relating to when the name of a candidate must appear on the ballot at a primary or general election; clarifying the date on which an elected officer enters office; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain ratings and assessments. (BDR 34-527). Description: AN ACT relating to education; authorizing the Department of Education to temporarily waive or pause certain requirements related to the statewide system of accountability for public schools and certain examinations or assessments if the United States Department of Education has waived or paused similar requirements of federal law; providing certain exceptions to provisions that require the use of the statewide system of accountability or results of an examination or assessment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Increases the maximum number of voters in an election precinct. (BDR 24-532). Description: AN ACT relating to election precincts; changing the maximum number of active registered voters that may be included within an election precinct; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to the statute of limitations for certain causes of action. (BDR 2-872). Description: AN ACT relating to civil actions; establishing provisions relating to the statute of limitations for commencing an action in tort for common-law wrongful termination of employment; revising provisions relating to the default statute of limitations for certain causes of action whose statute of limitations is not otherwise expressly prescribed by law; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to property. (BDR 15-440). Description: AN ACT relating to property; providing that an unlocked gate which is erected and maintained across certain public roads in certain counties does not, in and of itself, constitute a public nuisance under certain circumstances; removing a provision making a place where vagrants resort a public nuisance; authorizing a board of county commissioners and board of county highway commissioners to take certain actions relating to the erection and maintenance of gates across certain public roads; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to business entities. (BDR 7-493). Description: AN ACT relating to business entities; revising provisions relating to service of process on management persons; making various changes to definitions relating to corporations; authorizing a corporation to include a federal forum selection clause in its articles of incorporation or bylaws; revising provisions relating to the breach of a fiduciary duty by a director or officer of a corporation; making various changes relating to meetings of stockholders held by means of remote communication; revising provisions relating to voting agreements of stockholders; revising provisions relating to notice of meetings of stockholders; revising provisions relating to insolvent corporations; revising provisions relating to discretionary indemnification of directors, officers, employees and agents of corporations; providing an exception to the requirement that a corporation issue a certificate of membership; establishing and revising provisions relating to distributions made by limited-liability companies; revising provisions relating to the form of contributions to capital of members of a limited-liability company or series; making various changes relating to the standard of voting for actions taken by corporations, limited partnerships and limited-liability companies; revising provisions relating to dissenter's rights; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to services provided to persons with autism spectrum disorders. (BDR 38-89). Description: AN ACT relating to disability services; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to biennially establish reimbursement rates for the services of certain providers for persons with autism spectrum disorders that are comparable to reimbursement rates paid by Medicaid programs in other states; requiring the Department to establish certain limitations relating to the provision of such services to recipients of Medicaid; providing for the reporting to the Legislature or the Legislative Committee on Health Care of certain information concerning the provision of such services to recipients of Medicaid; requiring the Autism Treatment Assistance Program to publish certain information on the Internet website of the Program and take certain actions when there is a waiting list for services from the Program; requiring the Department to seek an increase in certain reimbursement rates for a registered behavior technician under the Medicaid program, the Autism Treatment Assistance Program and the Children's Health Insurance Program; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes to provisions relating to the Carson Water Subconservancy District. (BDR S-579). Description: AN ACT relating to water; revising the boundaries of the Carson Water Subconservancy District and the membership of the Board of Directors of the District; requiring, under certain circumstances, the Board of County Commissioners of Storey County to pay to the District a certain amount from the County's general fund; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the date by which children must be at least a certain age to be admitted to certain grades of school. (BDR 34-479). Description: AN ACT relating to education; changing the date by which a child must be at least a certain age to be admitted to certain grades of school; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Prohibits certain insurers from discriminating based on the breed of dog at a property. (BDR 57-826). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; prohibiting certain insurers from discriminating based on the breed of dog at an applicable property; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to juveniles. (BDR 5-549). Description: AN ACT relating to juveniles; requiring any person who during the scope of his or her employment has regular and routine contact with juveniles who are involved in the juvenile justice system in this State to complete periodic training relating to implicit bias and cultural competency; requiring the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services to adopt regulations concerning such training; authorizing the Nevada Supreme Court to adopt additional court rules concerning such training for any magistrate, judge, master or employee in the juvenile court system who regularly and routinely comes into contact with such juveniles; authorizing in certain circumstances certain institutions, agencies and facilities that serve children to waive the requirement to terminate the employment of certain employees after a background investigation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the collection of certain information by governmental agencies. (BDR 19-95). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental agencies; requiring governmental agencies to request from certain persons information related to sexual orientation and gender identity or expression; providing, with certain exceptions, that such information is confidential; requiring a governmental agency to annually report certain information related to sexual orientation and gender identity or expression to the Director of the Legislative Counsel Bureau; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Exempts certain products for the treatment of certain animals from regulation under state law. (BDR 54-821). Description: AN ACT relating to pharmacy; exempting certain veterinary biologic products for the treatment of certain animals from regulation under state law; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes food that contains certain components of hemp to be produced or sold at certain food establishments under certain circumstances. (BDR 49-65). Description: AN ACT relating to hemp; exempting operators of certain food establishments from certain requirements relating to hemp under certain circumstances; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to adopt certain regulations relating to food that contains certain components of hemp; authorizing operators of certain food establishments to engage in certain activities related to the production and sale of food that contains certain components of hemp; prohibiting a food from being deemed to be adulterated solely because such food contains certain components of hemp; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires certain health and safety training for certain employees of cannabis establishments. (BDR 53-663). Description: AN ACT relating to occupational safety; requiring certain employees of a cannabis establishment to receive certain health and safety training; requiring a cannabis establishment to suspend or terminate the employment of an employee who fails to complete such training; providing administrative penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to falconry. (BDR 45-158). Description: AN ACT relating to wildlife; authorizing certain persons to possess a golden eagle; authorizing the Board of Wildlife Commissioners to adopt regulations that authorize certain persons to transport, transfer, possess or use a golden eagle in falconry; requiring certain persons to obtain a falconry license and an eagle permit before such persons are authorized to transport, transfer, possess or use golden eagles in falconry; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Charter of the City of Mesquite. (BDR S-619). Description: AN ACT relating to the City of Mesquite; revising the process for appointing the City Manager and City Attorney; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Directs the State Treasurer to conduct a study concerning publicly funded scholarship and grant programs in this State. (BDR S-535). Description: AN ACT relating to higher education; directing the State Treasurer to conduct a study concerning the effectiveness of publicly funded scholarship and grant programs in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Inducts David R. Parks into the Senate Hall of Fame. (BDR R-1165). Description: Inducting David R. Parks into the Senate Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to planned development. (BDR 22-566). Description: AN ACT relating to land use planning; revising requirements for an ordinance for planned unit development; revising requirements for minimum site areas and parking for a planned unit development; eliminating the requirement that a planned unit development obtain tentative approval; making various other changes relating to provisions relating to planned unit development; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public works. (BDR 28-44). Description: AN ACT relating to public works; revising provisions relating to the scope of horizontal construction and vertical construction for certain purposes; removing the prospective expiration of provisions relating to construction managers at risk; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to financial institutions. (BDR 55-481). Description: AN ACT relating to financial institutions; requiring certain
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to mental health services for children. (BDR 39-870). Description: AN ACT relating to mental health; requiring certain psychiatric facilities to consult with the treating provider of health care of a child with an emotional disturbance who is subject to the jurisdiction of a juvenile court under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to conditions of release that prohibit the contact or attempted contact of certain persons. (BDR 14-377). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; authorizing a victim to request that a court issue an order imposing a condition of release that prohibits the contact or attempted contact of certain persons; requiring the court to consider such a request; requiring the court to notify a person subject to such an order of certain consequences that may be imposed on the person for violating the order; establishing provisions relating to the expiration and renewal of such an order; requiring a copy of the order to be transmitted to the Central Repository for Nevada Records of Criminal History; providing that a person who knowingly violates any such order is guilty of a misdemeanor; providing a penalty; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions regarding the reporting of hate crimes. (BDR 15-715). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; requiring law enforcement agencies to submit records of hate crimes on a monthly basis to the Central Repository for Nevada Records of Criminal History; imposing certain duties on the Central Repository relating to the submission of such records; revising provisions concerning the guidelines required to be adopted by the Director of the Department of Public Safety regarding the reporting of hate crimes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes changes to provisions relating to housing. (BDR 22-221). Description: AN ACT relating to housing; requiring the governing body of a city or county to authorize tiny houses in certain zoning districts; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Inducts Mark Amodei into the Senate Hall of Fame. (BDR R-1164). Description: Inducting Mark Amodei into the Senate Hall of Fame.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-77). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the boards of trustees of certain school districts to develop a plan to improve certain pupil to personnel ratios; requiring the boards of trustees of certain school districts to submit an annual report on the plan to the Department of Education; requiring the Department to compile and submit the reports to certain governmental entities; requiring school counselors, school psychologists and school social workers to complete certain continuing education; requiring the Commission on Professional Standards in Education and the Board of Examiners for Social Workers to adopt certain regulations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes changes related to Medicaid coverage of certain treatments administered at institutions for mental diseases. (BDR 38-451). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to apply for a waiver to receive federal funding for coverage of the treatment of the substance use disorder of a person in an institution for mental diseases; authorizing the Department to apply for a waiver to receive federal funding for coverage of the treatment of certain mental health conditions of persons in an institution for mental diseases; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to crisis stabilization centers. (BDR 40-488). Description: AN ACT relating to mental health; revising certain requirements for an endorsement as a crisis stabilization center; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises requirements to receive assistance from the Kinship Guardianship Assistance Program. (BDR 38-504). Description: AN ACT relating to public welfare; revising requirements for a relative of a child in foster care to be eligible for assistance from the Kinship Guardianship Assistance Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-819). Description: AN ACT relating to education; authorizing a university school for profoundly gifted pupils to enter into a cooperative agreement to provide dual credit courses; authorizing a school district, charter school or university school for profoundly gifted pupils to enter into a cooperative agreement to provide dual credit courses with an institution of higher education located in another state under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Eliminates the Advisory Committee to Study Laws Concerning Sex Offender Registration and transfers its duties to the Advisory Commission on the Administration of Justice. (BDR 14-514). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal justice; eliminating the Advisory Committee to Study Laws Concerning Sex Offender Registration; transferring the Committee's duties to the Advisory Commission on the Administration of Justice; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the issuance of special license plates to support the Divine Nine. (BDR 43-1018). Description: AN ACT relating to special license plates; providing for the issuance of special license plates to support the Divine Nine; imposing a fee for the issuance and renewal of such license plates; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to prostitution. (BDR 15-57). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising provisions relating to prostitution; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to Esports. (BDR 41-562). Description: AN ACT relating to sporting events; establishing the Esports Technical Advisory Committee; requiring the Nevada Gaming Control Board to appoint the members of the Committee; authorizing the Committee to make certain recommendations to the Board relating to Esports; authorizing the Board to adopt regulations relating to the recommendations of the Committee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to crimes motivated by certain characteristics of the victim. (BDR 15-246). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising provisions relating to crimes motivated by certain characteristics of the victim; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to cannabis. (BDR 56-135). Description: AN ACT relating to cannabis; authorizing the Cannabis Compliance Board to adopt regulations imposing requirements relating to the packaging and labeling of cannabis and cannabis products; authorizing a cannabis sales facility to engage in curbside pickup under certain circumstances; revising certain requirements relating to the labeling of cannabis products; revising requirements relating to information that is required to be provided to purchasers of cannabis or cannabis products; requiring the Board to adopt regulations allowing for certain records of a cannabis establishment to be created and maintained in an electronic format; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-185). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the State Board of Education to provide a uniform grading scale for certain courses; revising provisions governing dual credit courses; requiring the board of trustees of a school district and the governing body of a charter school to submit a report regarding such courses to the Legislative Committee on Education and the Director of the Legislative Counsel Bureau; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Veterans Services to provide financial assistance and support for the Adopt a Vet Dental Program. (BDR S-381). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Department of Veterans Services to provide financial assistance and support for the Adopt a Vet Dental Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR S-1003). Description: AN ACT relating to education; authorizing the board of trustees of a school district and the State Public Charter School Authority to submit to the Superintendent of Public Instruction plans to address loss of learning that occurred as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; requiring the submission to certain entities of certain reports relating to such plans to address loss of learning; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to lupus. (BDR 40-8). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; requiring the Chief Medical Officer to establish and maintain a system for the reporting and analysis of certain information on lupus and its variants; authorizing administrative penalties for the failure to report certain information; requiring the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services to report certain information on lupus and its variants; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Account for Aid for Victims of Domestic Violence. (BDR 16-926). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising provisions governing eligibility for and awarding of grants from the Account for Aid for Victims of Domestic Violence; renaming the Account; increasing the portion of the fee for a marriage license that funds the Account; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to sign language interpreting and realtime captioning. (BDR 54-386). Description: AN ACT relating to interpreters; revising the activities for which registration as an interpreter or realtime captioning provider is required; revising the requirements and professional classifications for registration as an interpreter or realtime captioning provider; providing for the establishment of qualifications to serve as a professional mentor and additional professional classifications in the field of interpreting; revising certain terminology related to interpreting; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to alcohol and drug counselors. (BDR 54-558). Description: AN ACT relating to alcohol and drug counselors; revising the requirements for the completion of postgraduate counseling for certain licenses for alcohol and drug counselors; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the practice of medicine. (BDR 54-25). Description: AN ACT relating to professions; providing that a person may be simultaneously licensed as a physician assistant by the Board of Medical Examiners and the State Board of Osteopathic Medicine; providing for a fee for a simultaneous license; requiring the respective Boards to supply a list of physician assistants licensed by the respective Boards; revising the requirements governing licensure as a physician assistant; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses support for the identification of key transportation priorities for the Lake Tahoe Basin. (BDR R-365). Description: Expressing support for the identification of key transportation priorities for the Lake Tahoe Basin.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to property. (BDR 10-582). Description: AN ACT relating to property; requiring certain unit-owners' associations of common-interest communities to establish and maintain an Internet website or electronic portal through which a unit's owner may access certain information and pay assessments electronically; revising requirements concerning the provision of notice by an association; prohibiting certain persons from purchasing a unit in a common-interest community at a foreclosure sale; requiring a collection agency to file certain annual reports regarding debts collected for an association; prohibiting a collection agency from collecting certain debts owed to certain persons related to or affiliated with an owner of the collection agency; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes programs for certain persons of low-income and certain children. (BDR 38-711). Description: AN ACT relating to public assistance; requiring the Office of the State Treasurer to solicit gifts, grants and donations to establish the Individual Development Account Program under which certain persons may establish an individual development account; creating the Nevada Statewide Council on Financial Independence; prohibiting certain entities from considering money deposited into an individual development account by certain persons to be income under certain circumstances; requiring certain entities to ensure that instruction in financial literacy is provided to certain persons if money is available to provide such instruction; requiring the State Treasurer to ensure that certain instruction and training is provided to a tenant of a housing project if money is available to provide such instruction and training; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the dispensing of self-administered hormonal contraceptives. (BDR 54-3). Description: AN ACT relating to contraceptives; requiring the State Board of Pharmacy to establish a protocol under which a pharmacist may dispense self-administered hormonal contraceptives to any patient; authorizing a pharmacist to dispense self-administered hormonal contraceptives to any patient; requiring the State Plan for Medicaid and certain health insurance plans to provide certain benefits relating to self-administered hormonal contraceptives; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the education of veterans and their spouses and dependents. (BDR 34-382). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada to prepare a report concerning students who are veterans; creating a preference in admission to certain programs for certain veterans; prohibiting the assessment of a tuition charge against certain veterans, spouses and dependents; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-676). Description: AN ACT relating to education; establishing a State Seal of Civics Program; requiring the Superintendent of Public Instruction to establish criteria for certain designations related to civics; requiring a public high school to report certain test results to the Department of Education; requiring instruction provided in social studies to include civics; requiring that various communities be included in the standards of content and performance for ethnic and diversity studies; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Prohibits the performance of a pelvic examination in certain circumstances. (BDR 54-34). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; prohibiting a provider of health care or a person supervised by a provider of health care from performing a pelvic examination under certain circumstances; authorizing the imposition of professional discipline against certain providers of health care who perform or supervise the performance of a prohibited pelvic examination; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to civil actions involving certain sexual offenses. (BDR 2-577). Description: AN ACT relating to civil actions; revising provisions relating to civil actions involving certain sexual offenses; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the Department of Motor Vehicles. (BDR 43-492). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; authorizing the Department of Motor Vehicles to issue a card, certificate or license in electronic form; authorizing the Department to establish an electronic branch office; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides regulatory exemptions for certain types of boilers. (BDR 40-839). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; exempting certain water heaters from the standards that an owner of a boiler must comply with; authorizing the Division of Industrial Relations of the Department of Business and Industry to adopt regulations establishing requirements relating to equipment and apparatuses used in connection with water heaters; requiring the Division to revise its regulations to conform with the exemption for certain water heaters; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to employment. (BDR 53-953). Description: AN ACT relating to employment; requiring an employer in private employment to provide paid leave for the purpose of the employee receiving a vaccination for SARS-CoV-2; requiring an employer in private employment to allow certain uses of paid leave; requiring the Legislative Committee on Health Care to conduct an interim study concerning the response by this State to SARS-CoV-2 and to make recommendations for legislation concerning the response by this State to future public health crises; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the education of a child with an emotional disturbance. (BDR 38-561). Description: AN ACT relating to child welfare; requiring the development of a plan for the education of certain children admitted by a court to a psychiatric hospital or facility which provides residential treatment for mental illness; requiring a school district providing services to such a child to submit certain programs and plans to the psychiatric hospital; requiring a school district providing services to a child admitted to a facility which provides residential treatment for mental illness to monitor the progress and participate in transition planning for the child; requiring a school district providing services to a child who is admitted to a facility which provides residential treatment for mental illness to convene certain meetings before the admission of the child to the facility; requiring the Department of Education to adopt regulations relating to the transition from a facility which provides residential treatment for mental illness to a school or other educational setting after discharge; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes requirements relating to testing for sexually transmitted diseases. (BDR 40-563). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; requiring certain providers of emergency medical services in a hospital or primary care to consult with certain patients as to whether they wish to be tested for sexually transmitted diseases; requiring such a provider to test a patient who wishes to be tested or assist the patient in obtaining a test where practicable and medically indicated; requiring a hospital to ensure the performance of such consultation and testing under certain circumstances; authorizing the imposition of discipline against a hospital or provider for certain violations; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the use of force by peace officers. (BDR 14-215). Description: AN ACT relating to peace officers; revising provisions relating to the use of force by peace officers; requiring certain law enforcement agencies to adopt a written policy relating to the use of force; requiring certain law enforcement agencies to submit to the Central Repository for Nevada Records of Criminal History certain information relating to certain incidents involving the use of force by peace officers; requiring the preparation and submittal of a report relating to such information; imposing certain restrictions and requirements regarding the use of restraint chairs; prohibiting peace officers from using certain forms of force under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to applied behavior analysis. (BDR 54-533). Description: AN ACT relating to applied behavior analysis; transferring responsibilities concerning licensing and regulation of the practice of applied behavior analysis from the Aging and Disability Services Division of the Department of Health and Human Services to the Board of Applied Behavior Analysis; making provisions governing providers of health care applicable to behavior analysts, assistant behavior analysts and registered behavior technicians; authorizing the Board to contract with certain entities to carry out duties relating to regulating the practice of applied behavior analysis; requiring members of the Board to complete orientation; revising the activities that constitute the practice of applied behavior analysis; revising requirements concerning the supervision of assistant behavior analysts and registered behavior technicians; exempting certain persons from provisions governing the practice of applied behavior analysis; revising the qualifications for membership on the Board; establishing requirements for the ethical practice of applied behavior analysis; revising provisions governing fees collected by the Board; revising provisions governing licensure by endorsement and disciplinary actions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to offenses. (BDR 14-249). Description: AN ACT relating to offenses; revising provisions relating to the collection of delinquent fines, administrative assessments, fees and restitution; revising provisions relating to the suspension of the driver's license of a person; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental administration. (BDR 18-245). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; requiring a state agency to collaborate with minority groups and provide certain information to minority groups; requiring, with certain exceptions, a state agency to designate a diversity and inclusion liaison and provide the contact information for the designated diversity and inclusion liaison; requiring the Office of Minority Health and Equity of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Nevada Commission on Minority Affairs of the Department of Business and Industry and the Office for New Americans in the Office of the Governor to facilitate an annual meeting between diversity and inclusion liaisons and minority groups and submit a report to the Governor and the Legislative Commission; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada enrolled a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the Senate staff for their service during the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-21). Description: Expressing appreciation to the Senate staff for their service during the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the practice of pharmacy. (BDR 54-823). Description: AN ACT relating to pharmacists; revising requirements governing the collaborative practice of pharmacy and collaborative drug therapy management; making certain provisions relating to communicable diseases and exposure to biological, radiological or chemical agents applicable to pharmacists; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation relating to health services in underserved areas. (BDR S-931). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation for allocation to the Nevada Health Service Corps to obtain matching federal money for the purpose of encouraging certain medical and dental practitioners to practice in underserved areas; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to public safety. (BDR 23-217). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; requiring law enforcement agencies to establish early warning systems to identify peace officers who display bias indicators or other problematic behavior; establishing provisions relating to the recording, collection and review of information concerning traffic stops made by law enforcement officers; imposing certain duties on the Department of Public Safety and law enforcement agencies regarding the recording, collection and review of such information; authorizing the Department to adopt regulations relating to the recording, collection and review of such information; requiring the Legislative Commission to appoint a committee to conduct an interim study relating to the establishment of crisis response call centers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to businesses. (BDR 7-548). Description: AN ACT relating to businesses; revising provisions relating to policies, programs and procedures intended to encourage and promote certain business enterprises to require such programs to include LGBTQ-owned businesses; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes changes regarding employment. (BDR 53-829). Description: AN ACT relating to employment; establishing provisions governing the exercise of jurisdiction by the Labor Commissioner over certain claims and complaints that arise under certain collective bargaining agreements; establishing a private right of action for certain claims for unpaid wages upon termination; prohibiting the Labor Commissioner from exercising jurisdiction of such claims under certain circumstances; revising the definition of wages to include amounts due to certain former employees by employers who fail to pay certain wages within the periods required by law; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to apprenticeships. (BDR 53-575). Description: AN ACT relating to apprenticeships; revising the mandatory criteria for approval and registration under certain circumstances; revising requirements for the approval and registration of a proposed program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the collection of medical debt. (BDR 54-576). Description: AN ACT relating to collection agencies; requiring a collection agency to notify a debtor before taking any action to collect a medical debt; providing certain protections to a medical debtor who initiates contact with or makes a voluntary payment to a collection agency; prohibiting certain practices relating to the collection of medical debt; prohibiting the waiver of certain protections provided to medical debtors; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-81). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the board of trustees of a school district, the governing body of a charter school, a university, state college or community college to include certain information on an identification card issued to a pupil; requiring a pupil to be excused from attendance at a public school for behavioral health reasons in certain circumstances; providing that a qualified mental health professional or behavioral health professional can provide a certificate to excuse a pupil from attendance at school; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to genetic counseling and testing. (BDR 40-478). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring certain providers of health care to screen women for harmful BRCA gene mutations and provide referrals for genetic counseling and testing under certain circumstances; requiring notice concerning genetic counseling and testing to be provided with the results of a mammogram; authorizing certain providers of health care to receive credit for continuing education relating to genetic counseling and testing; requiring certain policies of health insurance to include coverage for screening, genetic counseling and testing for harmful BRCA gene mutations for certain women; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to tow cars. (BDR 58-179). Description: AN ACT relating to tow cars; requiring the Nevada Transportation Authority to provide certain training; requiring certain employees of the Authority and owners and operators of tow cars to attend such training; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to Internet privacy. (BDR 52-253). Description: AN ACT relating to Internet privacy; exempting certain persons and information collected about a consumer in this State from requirements imposed on operators, data brokers and covered information; prohibiting a data broker from making any sale of certain information collected about a consumer in this State if so directed by the consumer; revising provisions relating to the sale of certain information collected about a consumer in this State; authorizing an operator or data broker to remedy a failure to comply with certain requirements relating to the collection and sale of certain information about consumers in this State if it is the first failure of the operator or data broker to comply with such requirements; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, to conduct a study concerning diversity and equality in the workplace. (BDR S-461). Description: AN ACT relating to workplace diversity; authorizing the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, to conduct a study concerning diversity and equality in the workplace and to conduct a survey to collect data and information concerning diversity and equality in the workplace from certain business entities and state and local governmental agencies in this State; revising the prospective expiration of an existing survey of businesses conducted by the Secretary of State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to state financial administration. (BDR 17-545). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; requiring the Fiscal Analysis Division of the Legislative Counsel Bureau, to the extent of available resources, to perform a budget stress test biennially and submit and cause the posting of a report of the results of the test; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to dental insurance. (BDR 57-817). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; imposing requirements governing the recovery of overpayments under a plan that provides dental coverage; prohibiting a dental insurer or the administrator of a plan that provides dental coverage from denying a claim for which prior authorization has been granted except in certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to commercially sexually exploited children. (BDR 38-705). Description: AN ACT relating to child welfare; providing for the licensure of receiving centers for commercially sexually exploited children and the certification of certain other facilities and entities that provide services to such children; imposing certain requirements concerning the operation of a receiving center; revising the actions that an agency which provides child welfare services is required to take in response to a report of the commercial sexual exploitation of a child; delaying the effective date of provisions prohibiting the adjudication of a child as delinquent or the assignment of a child to a detention facility in certain circumstances; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to communicable diseases. (BDR 40-220). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; revising the procedures followed by a county or city board of health or a health authority when isolating, quarantining or treating certain persons; revising provisions governing the investigation of a case or suspected case of a communicable disease and an order for a person with a communicable disease to submit to examination and treatment; revising provisions concerning certain offenses relating to communicable diseases; revising provisions concerning court-ordered testing for a communicable disease; prohibiting the disclosure of information about certain persons investigated by the health authority; requiring the alleged victim of a crime involving sexual penetration to be provided with information concerning sexually transmitted diseases; revising certain terminology used to refer to the human immunodeficiency virus and related matters; reestablishing the Advisory Task Force on HIV Exposure Modernization; setting forth the duties of the Task Force; abolishing certain crimes relating to the human immunodeficiency virus; repealing certain additional provisions relating to communicable diseases; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the Department of Corrections to track and report expenses that are directly related to housing youthful offenders. (BDR 16-499). Description: AN ACT relating to the Department of Corrections; requiring the Department to track and report expenses that are directly related to housing youthful offenders; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Imposes a technology fee for the issuance or renewal of certain licenses, certificates, permits and registrations issued by the Real Estate Division of the Department of Business and Industry. (BDR 54-840). Description: AN ACT relating to real estate; imposing a technology fee for the issuance or renewal of certain licenses, certificates, permits and registrations issued by the Real Estate Division of the Department of Business and Industry; prescribing requirements governing the use of money collected from the fee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to taxation of cannabis. (BDR 32-660). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; defining wholesale sale for the purposes of provisions imposing a tax on wholesale sales of cannabis to exclude certain transfers of cannabis between cannabis cultivation facilities that share identical ownership; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to local improvements. (BDR 22-792). Description: AN ACT relating to local improvements; authorizing a municipality to create a district for certain qualified improvement projects; setting forth the requirements for creating such a district; authorizing certain financing to pay for a qualified improvement project in such a district; making various other changes relating to local improvements; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to transferable tax credits for affordable housing. (BDR 32-651). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising the procedure for applying for and issuing transferable tax credits for affordable housing; requiring the recapture of transferable tax credits under certain circumstances; revising provisions limiting the amount of transferable tax credits for affordable housing that may be issued; eliminating the prospective expiration of the program of transferable tax credits for affordable housing; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to transportation. (BDR 43-965). Description: AN ACT relating to transportation; revising the contents of the instruction required to be provided by a school for training drivers; revising provisions relating to a driver's duty of due care owed to bicycles, electric bicycles and electric scooters; revising provisions governing the overtaking and passing of bicycles, electric bicycles and electric scooters by motor vehicles; revising provisions governing the Complete Streets Programs; revising provisions governing certain considerations of the Department of Transportation in the plans, designs, construction and maintenance of highways; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to higher education. (BDR 34-933). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the Directors of certain departments within the Nevada System of Higher Education to conduct all business and manage all funds of their respective departments; designating certain institutions within the Nevada System of Higher Education as the state land grant institutions; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to transportation network companies. (BDR 58-935). Description: AN ACT relating to transportation; authorizing a monitored autonomous vehicle provider to enter into an agreement with a transportation network company to provide transportation services through the digital network or software application of the company; imposing certain requirements on a transportation network company and monitored autonomous vehicle provider relating to the provision of transportation services by a monitored autonomous vehicle provider; authorizing a transportation network company to charge a fare for such services on behalf of a monitored autonomous vehicle provider; prohibiting a local governmental entity from imposing certain taxes or fees relating to such services; revising provisions relating to transportation network company insurance; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to workers' compensation. (BDR 53-713). Description: AN ACT relating to workers' compensation; establishing provisions relating to the apportionment of percentages for present and previous disabilities; requiring an insurer to send a written determination regarding an industrial insurance claim by facsimile or other electronic transmission under certain circumstances; making compensation for an industrial injury or occupational disease subject to an attorney's lien; providing for the tolling of certain periods to request a hearing or appeal under certain circumstances; providing for an award of certain costs to a claimant who prevails in a contested claim; providing for the reservation of certain additional rights of a claimant who accepts a lump sum payment for a permanent partial disability; revising provisions governing the appointment of a vocational rehabilitation counselor for an injured employee; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to prescription drugs for the treatment of cancer. (BDR 57-973). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; requiring certain insurers to allow a person who has been diagnosed with stage 3 or 4 cancer and is covered by the insurer to apply for an exemption from required step therapy for certain drugs; requiring such insurers to grant such an exemption in certain circumstances; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to cosmetology. (BDR 54-997). Description: AN ACT relating to cosmetology; providing for the licensure and regulation of advanced estheticians and instructors of advanced estheticians by the State Board of Cosmetology; setting forth certain requirements for licensure as an advanced esthetician or instructor of advanced estheticians; setting forth certain requirements for the performance of certain procedures performed by an advanced esthetician; prohibiting an advanced esthetician from performing certain procedures; requiring the Board to prescribe a curriculum for a course of study in advanced esthetics; establishing certain fees relating to licensure as an advanced esthetician and an instructor of advanced estheticians; revising provisions relating to schools of cosmetology and cosmetological establishments; authorizing the Board to, for a certain period of time, issue a license as an advanced esthetician or an instructor of advanced estheticians to certain persons who would otherwise not qualify for such licenses; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-999). Description: AN ACT relating to public office; revising the qualification requirements for a minor political party; revising the deadline to challenge the qualification of a minor political party; revising provisions for filling a vacancy in the office of United States Senator, Representative in Congress or State Legislator; repealing various provisions relating to major political parties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to employment. (BDR 53-907). Description: AN ACT relating to employment; prohibiting an employer or employment agency from seeking or relying on the wage or salary history of an applicant for employment; prohibiting an employer or employment agency from refusing to interview, hire, promote or employ an applicant or from discriminating or retaliating against an applicant if the applicant does not provide wage or salary history; prohibiting the governing body of a county, incorporated city or unincorporated town or an appointing authority from performing such actions; requiring an employer, an employment agency, the governing body of a county, incorporated city or unincorporated town and an appointing authority to provide the wage or salary range or rate for a position, promotion or transfer to a new position if certain conditions are satisfied; providing that an employer, an employment agency, the governing body of a county, incorporated city or unincorporated town or an appointing authority may ask an applicant about his or her wage or salary expectations; providing that a violation of such provisions is an unlawful employment practice; providing that a person may file a complaint for a violation of such provisions; providing that an employer or employment agency that violates such provisions may be subject to certain administrative penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing collective bargaining by local government employers. (BDR 23-254). Description: AN ACT relating to local governments; revising provisions relating to collective bargaining between local government employers and employee organizations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to industrial insurance. (BDR 53-996). Description: AN ACT relating to industrial insurance; prohibiting the termination or limitation of compensation paid to certain injured employees for a permanent total disability on the basis that the injured employee earns income; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to agriculture. (BDR 22-480). Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture; revising provisions relating to a plan to inventory vacant and blighted lands in a master plan; requiring the Council on Food Security to research and develop recommendations on community gardens and urban farms; authorizing a board of county commissioners to approve a partial abatement of ad valorem taxes for owners of real property who agree to the use of real property for community gardens or urban farms; revising provisions authorizing the governing body of a county or city to allow the use of vacant county or city owned lands for community gardening; authorizing the Director of the Department of Transportation to lease certain real property for community gardens and urban farms under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to rural housing. (BDR 25-542). Description: AN ACT relating to housing; authorizing the Nevada Rural Housing Authority to create a for-profit business entity for the purpose of developing, operating and managing housing projects to provide dwellings primarily for persons of low and moderate income; exempting such a business entity from compliance with the Open Meeting Law; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to professions. (BDR 54-669). Description: AN ACT relating to contractors; prohibiting a person from performing any work concerning residential photovoltaic systems used to produce electricity without the proper license or other authorization under state law; establishing certain requirements for work concerning residential photovoltaic systems and contracts relating thereto; requiring the State Contractors' Board to adopt regulations establishing certain standards for advertisements for work concerning residential photovoltaic systems; providing that a contract for work concerning a residential photovoltaic system is not enforceable against an owner of a single-family residence under certain circumstances; authorizing the Board to require contractors who perform work concerning residential photovoltaic systems to obtain the services of a construction control, a performance bond or payment bond under certain circumstances; providing for penalties against a contractor who performs work concerning residential photovoltaic systems for certain violations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to access to organ transplants for persons with disabilities. (BDR 40-40). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; prohibiting certain providers of medical or related services from taking certain actions relating to organ transplants solely on the basis of a person's disability; limiting the extent to which such a provider is authorized to consider a person's disability when making recommendations or decisions concerning an organ transplant; requiring such a provider to take certain actions to provide a person with a disability access to any service provided by the provider related to an organ transplant; authorizing a person aggrieved by the failure of such a provider to comply with certain requirements to institute a civil action for injunctive or other appropriate relief; prohibiting an insurer from taking certain actions related to an organ transplant because the insured is a person with a disability; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to the sale of alcoholic beverages. (BDR 52-945). Description: AN ACT relating to alcoholic beverages; providing that a waiver of certain provisions of law is void and unenforceable; requiring a supplier of liquor to approve or deny approval for certain transactions related to the ownership or assets of a wholesaler within a certain period of time under certain circumstances; prohibiting certain acts by suppliers with respect to wholesalers of liquor; authorizing a person who operates a brew pub to manufacture additional malt beverages for sale outside of this State; revising provisions governing the operation of wineries; authorizing a retail liquor store to make deliveries of liquor in its original package under certain circumstances; revising the criteria for the approval of a license to engage in certain activities related to alcohol; revising provisions governing certificates of compliance for suppliers; revising provisions governing the possession, sale and transportation of liquor; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes a reinvestment advisory committee in certain larger counties. (BDR 38-956). Description: AN ACT relating to Medicaid; establishing a reinvestment advisory committee in certain larger counties; requiring a reinvestment advisory committee to perform certain duties relating to the reinvestment of funds by managed care organizations that provide health care services to recipients of Medicaid; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Nevada System of Higher Education and authorizes the disbursement of certain federal money in certain circumstances to enable the College of Southern Nevada to assist and carry out the NV Grow Program. (BDR S-570). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; making an appropriation to the Nevada System of Higher Education and authorizing the disbursement of certain federal money in certain circumstances to enable the College of Southern Nevada to assist and carry out the NV Grow Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to juvenile justice. (BDR 5-1016). Description: AN ACT relating to juvenile justice; revising provisions governing employment with a department of juvenile justice services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to improving access to governmental services for persons with limited English proficiency. (BDR 40-955). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; requiring the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services and each district health department to take certain actions to ensure the availability of services to restrain the spread of COVID-19 to persons of limited English proficiency; requiring each agency of the Executive Department of the State Government to develop a language access plan; requiring such an agency to make recommendations to the Legislature concerning the language access plan and include in the budget of the agency funds necessary to carry out the language access plan; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts various provisions relating to food delivery service platforms. (BDR 52-591). Description: AN ACT relating to trade practices; prohibiting a food delivery service platform provider from engaging in certain activities; requiring a food delivery service platform provider to remove a food dispensing establishment from the food delivery service platform of the provider upon request; requiring a food delivery service platform provider to make certain disclosures concerning online food orders; prohibiting a food delivery service platform provider from charging a food dispensing establishment any commission over a certain amount during any period in which a declaration of emergency is in effect in certain counties in this State if certain conditions apply; establishing certain practices as deceptive trade practices; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions relating to preventing the acquisition of human immunodeficiency virus. (BDR 54-632). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring the State Board of Pharmacy to prescribe a protocol authorizing a pharmacist to prescribe, dispense and administer drugs to prevent the acquisition of human immunodeficiency virus and perform certain laboratory tests; requiring certain health plans to include coverage for such drugs and testing; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to discriminatory practices. (BDR 53-574). Description: AN ACT relating to discrimination; prohibiting certain types of discrimination relating to race in employment and education; revising provisions governing the authority of the Nevada Equal Rights Commission to investigate certain acts of prejudice against a person with regard to employment; revising provisions governing the procedures used by and notices given by the Nevada Equal Rights Commission; establishing certain requirements for testing which is used by a county or city for a decision regarding promotion of an employee; revising provisions governing the subjects that are subject to negotiation for certain collective bargaining agreements; revising provisions governing the policy for all school districts and schools in this State to provide a safe and respectful learning environment; establishing certain requirements for testing which is used by a school district for a decision regarding promotion of an employee; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for a study of certain issues relating to the housing of youthful offenders. (BDR S-501). Description: AN ACT relating to youthful offenders; providing for a study of certain issues relating to the housing of youthful offenders; requiring the transmittal of a report of the findings of the study to the Legislative Committee on Child Welfare and Juvenile Justice; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to competition in health care markets. (BDR 40-998). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring a hospital or physician group practice, or a person who owns all or substantially all of a physician group practice, to notify the Department of Health and Human Services of certain transactions; prohibiting a provider of health care from willfully entering into a contract that contains certain provisions; authorizing the use of certain fees to investigate such prohibited contracting practices; authorizing certain civil actions; authorizing the imposition of a civil penalty; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to structured settlements. (BDR 3-960). Description: AN ACT relating to structured settlements; requiring structured settlement purchase companies to register with the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry; prohibiting certain activities by structured settlement purchase companies and their employees and representatives; setting forth procedures and requirements concerning the transfer of structured settlement payment rights; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provision relating to the wages and working conditions of certain employees. (BDR 53-573). Description: AN ACT relating to employment; requiring the Director of the Department of Health and Human Services to establish a home care employment standards board under certain circumstances; prescribing the membership of a home care employment standards board; requiring such a board to conduct an investigation into certain matters relating to the employment of home care employees; requiring such a board to develop recommendations concerning the minimum wage for home care employees or the working conditions of such employees; authorizing the Director to adopt regulations implementing such recommendations; revising provisions governing the administration and enforcement of provisions governing the minimum wage paid to employees in this State; providing penalties; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to health care. (BDR 40-62). Description: AN ACT relating to racial equity; authorizing the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services to apply for grants to reduce disparities in health care and behavioral health and certain disparities relating to kidney disease; requiring the Legislative Auditor to include certain information relating to persons employed as a director or chief executive officer in a report of an audit, to the extent money is available; declaring the policy of this State concerning employee diversity for state employers; requiring public employers to provide racial equity training, to the extent money is available; requiring public officers and employees to complete any such training offered; creating the Minority Health and Equity Account to hold funding for the Office of Minority Health and Equity within the Department; authorizing the Office to enter into a joint partnership with a public or private entity; requiring a managed care plan that provides behavioral health services to recipients of Medicaid to prepare and implement a plan to ensure the delivery of such services in a culturally competent manner; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to higher education. (BDR 34-845). Description: AN ACT relating to higher education; authorizing the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada to enter into an agreement to affiliate with a publicly or privately owned medical facility or related entity for certain purposes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Enacts provisions relating to dangerous wild animals. (BDR 50-871). Description: AN ACT relating to animals; enacting provisions relating to dangerous wild animals; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing sexual misconduct in institutions of the Nevada System of Higher Education. (BDR 34-237). Description: AN ACT relating to higher education; creating the Task Force on Sexual Misconduct at Institutions of Higher Education; prescribing the membership, duties and compensation of the Task Force; authorizing the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada to appoint researchers to develop a climate survey on sexual misconduct; authorizing the Board of Regents to require the institutions within the Nevada System of Higher Education to administer the climate survey to students; authorizing the imposition of additional requirements for the grievance process at an institution within the System; authorizing the Board of Regents to require each institution within the System to adopt a policy on sexual misconduct, enter into a memorandum of understanding with certain organizations and designate an advocate; prohibiting an institution within the System from imposing certain sanctions on certain students; authorizing the Board of Regents to require an institution within the System to take certain actions regarding a report of an alleged incident of sexual misconduct; providing for certain training and programming related to sexual misconduct; authorizing a student who has experienced sexual misconduct to request a waiver from certain requirements of scholarships or academic activities; authorizing the Board of Regents to require an annual report from institutions within the System on certain information relating to sexual misconduct; authorizing the Board of Regents to adopt regulations; making certain information relating to incidents of sexual misconduct confidential; revising provisions relating to tuition charges; revising requirements relating to certain scholarships and grants; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-843). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the Commission on Professional Standards in Education to adopt regulations related to paraprofessionals and certain other employees and to student teaching; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the Department of Education to review certain assessments. (BDR 34-528). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the Department of Education to review examinations and assessments for certain information; requiring the Department to adopt regulations that prescribe certain limitations on examinations and assessments; authorizing the board of trustees of a school district or the governing body of a charter school to request a waiver from the State Board of Education for certain limitations; authorizing the State Board to grant a waiver in certain circumstances; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-842). Description: AN ACT relating to education; providing for the inclusion of data to recognize public schools that reduce the frequency of suspension, expulsion or removal of pupils from school in the statewide system of accountability; requiring the Department of Education to develop a statewide framework for restorative justice; providing for the inclusion of unaccompanied pupils and pupils in foster care in certain procedures related to the discipline of pupils; providing for the consideration of homelessness and being in foster care in the discipline of pupils; extending the requirement to establish a plan of action based on restorative justice to the suspension and removal of pupils from public school; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to wire communications. (BDR 15-1008). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising provisions relating to the interception of certain wire communications; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the penalties for the commission of certain prohibited acts relating to controlled substances. (BDR 40-1006). Description: AN ACT relating to crimes; revising the penalties for the commission of certain prohibited acts relating to controlled substances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public employment. (BDR 23-1011). Description: AN ACT relating to public employment; increasing the membership of the Board of the Public Employees' Benefits Program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public transit systems. (BDR 22-836). Description: AN ACT relating to public transit; revising provisions governing the provision of certain services as part of a public transit system; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to charter schools. (BDR 34-530). Description: AN ACT relating to education; requiring the governing body of each charter school that enters into a contract with certain organizations to report certain information to the sponsor of the charter school in each even-numbered year; requiring the sponsor of each charter school that enters into a contract with certain organizations to report certain information to the Legislature in each even-numbered year; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to emergency medical care for a victim of sexual assault or attempted sexual assault. (BDR 40-1004). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring certain medical facilities to provide training relating to caring for victims of sexual assault and attempted sexual assault to employees who provide such care; requiring such facilities to provide emergency contraception to such victims upon request; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to juvenile competency. (BDR 5-498). Description: AN ACT relating to juvenile justice; authorizing a juvenile court to order a child who has been found incompetent to receive treatment at certain facilities operated by the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services; requiring such a facility to accept such a child for treatment; prohibiting a child found to be incompetent from being committed to the custody of a correctional facility; allowing a child found to be incompetent to petition to seal his or her record; requiring the submittal of certain data and information relating to the competency of children; requiring the development and submittal of a plan for the structure of services for the competency of children; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the excise tax on live entertainment. (BDR 32-571). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising provisions governing the excise tax on live entertainment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the issuance of bonds for environmental improvement projects in the Lake Tahoe Basin. (BDR S-366). Description: AN ACT relating to the Lake Tahoe Basin; requiring the issuance of general obligation bonds to carry out certain environmental improvement projects included in the second phase of the Environmental Improvement Program for the Lake Tahoe Basin; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes provisions governing peer-to-peer car sharing programs. (BDR 43-585). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; establishing provisions governing the licensing and operation of a peer-to-peer car sharing program; requiring the charging and collecting of certain fees when a passenger car is shared through a peer-to-peer car sharing program; making appropriations to the Department of Taxation; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to criminal procedure. (BDR 14-375). Description: AN ACT relating to criminal procedure; removing the requirement that an arrested person show good cause before being released without bail; providing that a court may only impose bail or a condition of release, or both, on a person if the imposition is the least restrictive means necessary to protect the safety of the community or to ensure the appearance of the person in court; requiring prosecuting attorneys under certain circumstances to prove by clear and convincing evidence that the imposition of bail or a condition of release, or both, on a person is necessary to protect the safety of the community or to ensure the appearance of the person in court; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to food policy. (BDR 50-824). Description: AN ACT relating to food policy; creating the Home Feeds Nevada Agriculture Food Purchase Program and the Nutritious Food Purchase Account; requiring the Director of the State Department of Agriculture to develop a procedure through which the Director may purchase nutritious foods that are grown, produced or processed in this State; requiring the Director to distribute nutritious food to certain food banks; requiring the food banks to distribute such food to persons in need; requiring the food banks to submit quarterly reports to the Director; requiring the Director to submit an annual written report to the Council on Food Security; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to motor vehicles. (BDR 43-837). Description: AN ACT relating to motor vehicles; revising provisions governing the pilot program that the Department of Motor Vehicles is required to conduct to gather data relating to certain motor vehicles in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to injury caused by fire. (BDR 54-1007). Description: AN ACT relating to fire; revising reporting requirements relating to the treatment of persons who sustain burn injuries; revising provisions relating to the investigation of those reports; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to child welfare. (BDR 38-503). Description: AN ACT relating to child welfare; requiring an agency which provides child welfare services to assign a certain disposition for each report concerning the possible abuse or neglect of a child received or referred to the agency; defining the types of dispositions for purposes of this requirement; deeming certain dispositions to be equivalent; imposing certain limitations on the disclosure of information relating to a report that received a disposition other than substantiated; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the adoption assistance program. (BDR 38-505). Description: AN ACT relating to protection of children; revising provisions relating to the funding of the adoption assistance program; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the collection of certain data concerning providers of health care. (BDR 40-457). Description: AN ACT relating to health care; requiring the Director of the Department of Health and Human Services to establish and maintain a database comprising information concerning providers of health care who are licensed, certified or registered in this State and develop an electronic data request to collect data for inclusion in the database; requiring or authorizing certain professional licensing boards and agencies that license, certify or register providers of health care to make the data request available to applicants to renew such licensure, certification or registration; establishing the Health Care Workforce Working Group within the Department to analyze the information in the database and perform certain related duties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the reporting of data concerning the prices of prescription drugs. (BDR 40-445). Description: AN ACT relating to prescription drugs; revising the information that is reported under the program for tracking and reporting of information concerning the pricing of prescription drugs; requiring wholesalers to make a report; requiring certain reporting entities to affirm the accuracy of the information in the reports; revising requirements concerning the report of the Department of Health and Human Services on the pricing of prescription drugs; revising the authorized uses of certain administrative penalties; excluding certain information from protection as a trade secret; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to electric bicycles. (BDR 43-835). Description: AN ACT relating to bicycles; revising provisions relating to the classifying, operating, labeling and equipping of electric bicycles; including riding an electric bicycle as a recreational activity for the purposes of the provision governing liability to persons using premises for recreational activities; providing that certain crimes against property apply to electric bicycles; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services to conduct a study during the 2021-2022 legislative interim concerning investments in juvenile justice prevention activities in this State. (BDR S-506)]. Description: AN ACT relating to protection of children; requiring the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services to conduct a study during the 2021-2022 legislative interim concerning investments in juvenile justice prevention activities in this State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain businesses. (BDR 53-1010). Description: AN ACT relating to employment practices; requiring certain employers to provide certain employees with written notices containing certain information in the event of a layoff; requiring an employer to retain certain information relating to a laid-off employee; requiring an employer to offer certain job positions to a laid-off employee under certain circumstances; prohibiting an employer from taking
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the regulation of certain suppliers that provide an inmate calling service. (BDR 58-1015). Description: AN ACT relating to telecommunication service; providing for the regulation of certain suppliers that provide an inmate calling service by the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to behavioral health. (BDR 39-635). Description: AN ACT relating to behavioral health; providing for the establishment of a suicide prevention and behavioral health crisis hotline; exempting a telecommunications provider from certain damages relating to the hotline; requiring the imposition of a surcharge on certain communications services to support the hotline; creating the Fund for a Resilient Nevada; requiring the Attorney General to deposit the proceeds of certain litigation into the Fund; authorizing the Department of Health and Human Services to use the money in the Fund for certain statewide projects and to award grants to various public and private entities to address the impact of opioid use disorder and other substance use disorders; prescribing certain procedures relating to the awarding of those grants; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the purchasing of prescription drugs. (BDR 38-443). Description: AN ACT relating to prescription drugs; authorizing public agencies of this State to enter into agreements with certain entities in other jurisdictions for the collaborative purchasing of prescription drugs; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain persons who remain in foster care beyond the age of 18 years. (BDR 38-502). Description: AN ACT relating to protection of children; requiring the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services to establish the Extended Young Adult Support Services Program to provide extended youth support services to certain persons between 18 and 21 years of age; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Legislative Committee on Child Welfare and Juvenile Justice. (BDR S-507). Description: AN ACT relating to juvenile justice; requiring the Juvenile Justice Oversight Commission to submit a report containing certain information to the Legislative Committee on Child Welfare and Juvenile Justice; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes to certain unlawful acts relating to consumer protection. (BDR 51-1101). Description: AN ACT relating to consumer protection; revising the penalties for certain unlawful acts relating to weights and measures, public weighing, petroleum products and advertisements of motor vehicle fuel and petroleum products; requiring the State Sealer of Consumer Equitability to adopt certain regulations; establishing procedures for an administrative hearing in certain circumstances; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing cannabis. (BDR 51-1086). Description: AN ACT relating to cannabis; authorizing the State Sealer of Consumer Equitability to adopt and enforce regulations relating to cannabis weighing and measuring equipment; requiring the State Sealer of Consumer Equitability to ensure that cannabis weighing and measuring equipment is suitable for its intended use, properly installed, accurate and maintained by its owner or user; requiring the State Sealer of Consumer Equitability to inspect and test certain cannabis weighing and measuring equipment; authorizing the State Sealer of Consumer Equitability to establish an annual fee for certain cannabis weighing and measuring equipment; prohibiting a person from having or in his or her possession or selling or offering to sell an incorrect weight or measure for use in a cannabis establishment; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to wildlife. (BDR 45-1089). Description: AN ACT relating to wildlife; revising provisions governing the Wildlife Trust Fund; authorizing a tag to be in an electronic format under certain circumstances; revising the requirements for an annual resident specialty combination hunting and fishing license; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the State Board of Pharmacy. (BDR 54-1098). Description: AN ACT relating to pharmacy; requiring certain meetings of the State Board of Pharmacy to be open and public; authorizing the Board to enter into certain agreements; authorizing the Board to require certain persons to undergo a criminal background check; requiring an applicant for registration as a pharmacist or pharmaceutical technician to undergo a criminal background check; increasing certain fees; revising provisions relating to administrative proceedings before the Board; providing a penalty; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to state governmental administration. (BDR 23-1074). Description: AN ACT relating to state government; requiring the Division of Human Resource Management of the Department of Administration to charge an annual fee to the Executive Department related to collective bargaining for state employees; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Central Repository for Nevada Records of Criminal History within the Records, Communications and Compliance Division of the Department of Public Safety for the modernization program for the Nevada Criminal Justice Information System. (BDR S-1132). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Central Repository for Nevada Records of Criminal History within the Records, Communications and Compliance Division of the Department of Public Safety for the modernization program for the Nevada Criminal Justice Information System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Division of Parole and Probation and the Investigation Division of the Department of Public Safety for the replacement of computer hardware and software. (BDR S-1130). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Division of Parole and Probation and the Investigation Division of the Department of Public Safety for the replacement of computer hardware and software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the State Department of Agriculture for new laboratory equipment and maintenance contracts related to veterinary medical services. (BDR S-1128). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the State Department of Agriculture for new laboratory equipment and maintenance contracts related to veterinary medical services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Nevada Gaming Control Board for the continuing costs of replacement of its information system. (BDR S-1127). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Nevada Gaming Control Board for the continuing costs of replacement of its information system; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Taxation for the continuing costs of the modernization of the Unified Tax System as part of Project MYNT. (BDR S-1119). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Department of Taxation for the continuing costs of the modernization of the Unified Tax System as part of Project MYNT; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Taxation for the relocation and consolidation of the two offices in the Las Vegas Valley into one office in southern Nevada. (BDR S-1118). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Department of Taxation for the relocation and consolidation of the two offices in the Las Vegas Valley into one office in southern Nevada; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Department of Taxation for the replacement of information technology hardware and software and printers. (BDR S-1117). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Department of Taxation for the replacement of information technology hardware and software and printers; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes expenditures of money by the Nevada Supreme Court for certain statewide technology systems for trial courts. (BDR S-1065). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing expenditures of money by the Nevada Supreme Court for certain statewide technology systems for trial courts; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Budget Division of the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for the continuation of the Nevada Executive Budget System upgrade project. (BDR S-1059). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Budget Division of the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for the continuation of the Nevada Executive Budget System upgrade project; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to health insurance. (BDR 57-251). Description: AN ACT relating to insurance; providing for the establishment of a public health benefit plan; prescribing certain goals and requirements relating to the plan; requiring certain health carriers to participate in a competitive bidding process to administer the plan; requiring certain providers of health care to participate in the plan; exempting rules and policies governing the plan from certain requirements; requiring the Executive Director of the Silver State Health Insurance Exchange to apply for a federal waiver to allow certain policies to be offered on the Exchange; requiring certain persons to report the abuse and neglect of older persons, vulnerable persons and children; requiring the State Plan for Medicaid to include coverage for the services of a community health worker and doula services; revising provisions relating to coverage of services for pregnant women under Medicaid; requiring the establishment of a statewide Medicaid managed care program if money is available; revising requirements relating to health insurance coverage of enteral formulas; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the employment status of the Director of the Office of Science, Innovation and Technology in the Office of the Governor. (BDR 18-1071). Description: AN ACT relating to the Office of Science, Innovation and Technology in the Office of the Governor; revising the status of the Director of the Office from employment in the nonclassified service of the State to employment in the unclassified service of the State; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to governmental administration. (BDR 18-1081). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental administration; creating the Mail Services Division in the Department of Administration; revising provisions relating to the Department's Communication Fund; transferring the responsibility for establishing and conducting a Central Mail Room from the Division of State Library, Archives and Public Records of the Department to the Mail Services Division of the Department; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Requires the Department of Taxation to retain a commission as compensation for the costs of collecting taxes on certain centrally assessed property. (BDR 32-1078). Description: AN ACT relating to the taxation of property; requiring the Department of Taxation to retain a commission as compensation for the costs of collecting property taxes on certain property of an interstate or intercounty nature; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates the Public Health Resource Office. (BDR 18-1107). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; creating the Public Health Resource Office within the Office of the Governor; providing for the appointment of the Public Health Resource Officer; prescribing the duties of the Public Health Resource Office; making appropriations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes a supplemental appropriation to the Division of Internal Audits of the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for an unanticipated shortfall related to payroll. (BDR S-1053). Description: AN ACT making a supplemental appropriation to the Division of Internal Audits of the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for an unanticipated shortfall related to payroll; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor as a loan for the replacement of the content management and portal platform. (BDR S-1115). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor as a loan for the replacement of the content management and portal platform; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services for deferred maintenance projects at certain facilities. (BDR S-1123). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Division of Child and Family Services of the Department of Health and Human Services for deferred maintenance projects at certain facilities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Nevada Highway Patrol Division of the Department of Public Safety for the replacement of vehicles and motorcycles and certain equipment. (BDR S-1129). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Nevada Highway Patrol Division of the Department of Public Safety for the replacement of vehicles and motorcycles and certain equipment; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes a supplemental appropriation to the Office of the Attorney General for a projected shortfall related to extradition costs. (BDR S-1146). Description: AN ACT making a supplemental appropriation to the Office of the Attorney General for a projected shortfall related to extradition costs; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the Nevada State Infrastructure Bank. (BDR 35-1110). Description: AN ACT relating to infrastructure; revising provisions governing the establishment of the Nevada Infrastructure Bank; revising provisions governing eligibility to receive loans and other financial assistance from the Bank; expanding the types of projects for which financial assistance from the Bank is available; revising provisions governing the membership, duties and powers of the Board of Directors of the Bank; authorizing certain governmental agencies to provide technical advice, support and assistance to the Bank; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes expenditures of money by the Nevada Supreme Court for the replacement of computer hardware and software. (BDR S-1136). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing expenditures of money by the Nevada Supreme Court for the replacement of computer hardware and software; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to and authorizes expenditures by the Office of the Military for maintenance projects at certain facilities and the replacement of computer hardware and software, certain equipment and shop tools. (BDR S-1124). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to and authorizing expenditures by the Office of the Military for maintenance projects at certain facilities and the replacement of computer hardware and software, certain equipment and shop tools; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services for maintenance and repairs and the replacement of certain equipment at certain facilities operated by the Division that provide mental health services. (BDR S-1121). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services for maintenance and repairs and the replacement of certain equipment at certain facilities operated by the Division that provide mental health services; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for the construction of a medical school at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. (BDR S-1064). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for the construction of a medical school at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for the costs associated with the replacement of the Advantage Financial and Human Resources System with the Enterprise Resource Planning System and furnishings for the operations center for the System. (BDR S-1052). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to the Office of Finance in the Office of the Governor for the costs associated with the replacement of the Advantage Financial and Human Resources System with the Enterprise Resource Planning System and furnishings for the operations center for the System; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Repeals the prospective expiration of a provision revising the distribution of certain money collected from certain administrative assessments. (BDR S-1138). Description: AN ACT relating to administrative assessments; repealing the prospective expiration of a provision revising the distribution of certain money collected from certain administrative assessments; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada engrossed a bill titled: Increases the fee charged for certain actions and proceedings in justice courts. (BDR 1-1079). Description: AN ACT relating to justice courts; increasing the fee charged for certain actions and proceedings in justice courts; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the State Highway Fund. (BDR 35-1163). Description: AN ACT relating to the State Highway Fund; temporarily increasing the maximum amount of certain proceeds deposited in the State Highway Fund that may be used for the costs of administering the collection of those proceeds; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions related to agriculture. (BDR 51-1100). Description: AN ACT relating to food; providing that the State Department of Agriculture adopts by reference certain federal regulations; requiring the Department to perform certain inspections to ensure compliance with such federal regulations; requiring the State Quarantine Officer to issue certain orders in certain situations; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to education. (BDR 34-1099). Description: AN ACT relating to education; revising provisions relating to the Education Gift Fund; revising the sources of revenue for the State Education Fund; revising the method for determining the amount of and distributing money to support the operation of the public schools in this State; revising the method for providing additional money to support pupils with disabilities; transferring responsibility for apportioning money relating to the National School Lunch Program from the Superintendent of Public Instruction to the Director of the State Department of Agriculture; eliminating requirements for the Department of Education to prepare and submit certain reports; eliminating certain accounts; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates a sales tax holiday for certain members of the Nevada National Guard and certain relatives of such members. (BDR 32-1111). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising the eligibility requirements for an exemption from sales and use taxes for certain members of the Nevada National Guard and certain relatives of such members; creating an exemption from sales and use taxes for purchases during a certain period by certain members of the Nevada National Guard who reside in this State and certain relatives of such members; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing the issuance and renewal of a seller's permit. (BDR 32-1077). Description: AN ACT relating to taxation; revising provisions governing the issuance of permits for sellers of tangible personal property; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Prospectively eliminates the program to provide a partial abatement of property taxes for certain buildings and structures which meet certain energy efficiency standards. (BDR 58-1070). Description: AN ACT relating to energy; prohibiting the Director of the Office of Energy from altering or amending the Green Building Rating System after a certain date; prohibiting the Director from accepting new applications for property tax abatements for certain buildings and structures which meet certain energy efficiency standards; prospectively eliminating the requirements for the Director to adopt a Green Building Ratings System and grant such property tax abatements; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to agriculture. (BDR 51-1084). Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture; defining certain terms that apply to standards that govern seeds; revising the definition for certifying agency; requiring certain containers of seeds to bear or have attached a sell-by date which contains certain information; requiring containers for seeds of agricultural crops to include certain additional information if the seeds are coated; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes a supplemental appropriation to the State Distributive School Account for an unanticipated decrease in revenues for the 2019-2020 and 2020-2021 school years. (BDR S-1054). Description: AN ACT making a supplemental appropriation to the State Distributive School Account for an unanticipated decrease in revenues for the 2019-2020 and 2020-2021 school years; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to state purchasing. (BDR 27-1075). Description: AN ACT relating to state purchasing; prohibiting certain provisions in certain contracts; revising provisions relating to advertisements for certain bids or proposals; revising certain requirements relating to the purchase of prescription drugs, pharmaceutical services or medical supplies from an entity other than the Purchasing Division; revising the authority of the Clerk of the State Board of Examiners to approve certain contracts; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the Western Regional Education Compact. (BDR 18-1072). Description: AN ACT relating to education; removing the Office of the Western Regional Education Compact from the Office of the Governor; revising provisions relating to the administration of the Office; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to deceptive trade practices. (BDR 18-1094). Description: AN ACT relating to deceptive trade practices; eliminating the Consumer Affairs Division of the Department of Business and Industry and making the temporary Consumer Affairs Unit created in the Department permanent; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Ensures sufficient funding for K-12 public education for the 2021-2023 biennium. (BDR 34-1169). Description: AN ACT relating to education; ensuring sufficient funding for K-12 public education for the 2021-2023 biennium; apportioning the State Education Fund for the 2021-2023 biennium; authorizing certain expenditures; making appropriations relating to base per-pupil funding, weighted funding and other educational purposes; revising provisions relating to the Pupil-Centered Funding Plan; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing public utilities. (BDR 58-46). Description: AN ACT relating to utilities; revising provisions governing partial tax abatements for certain renewable energy facilities; revising provisions governing the use of money in the Renewable Energy Account; repealing provisions governing the Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Demonstration Program; requiring an electric utility to submit a plan to accelerate transportation electrification in this State; requiring an electric utility to file a plan for certain high-voltage transmission infrastructure projects; requiring the Public Utilities Commission of Nevada to require a transmission provider to join a regional transmission organization; creating and setting forth the powers, duties and membership of the Regional Transmission Coordination Task Force; providing that there is no presumption that the expenditures of a utility were prudently incurred for certain purposes; revising the definition of public utility; revising provisions governing the disposal of generation assets; revising provisions governing the Economic Development Electric Rate Rider Program; revising requirements for the energy efficiency plan of an electric utility; abolishing the New Energy Industry Task Force; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing outdoor recreation. (BDR 35-1155). Description: AN ACT relating to outdoor recreation; transferring the duty to develop and administer the Outdoor Education and Recreation Grant Program from the Administrator of the Division of State Parks of the State Department of Conservation and Natural Resources to the Administrator of the Division of Outdoor Recreation of the Department; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the financing of school facilities. (BDR 30-1153). Description: AN ACT relating to school facilities; temporarily authorizing the boards of trustees of school districts with prior voter approval to issue general obligation bonds in certain circumstances; temporarily revising provisions governing the transfer of certain revenue to the fund for capital projects of such a school district; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Establishes for the 2021-2023 biennium the subsidies to be paid to the Public Employees' Benefits Program for insurance for certain active and retired public officers and employees. (BDR S-1160). Description: AN ACT relating to programs for public personnel; establishing for the 2021-2023 biennium the subsidies to be paid to the Public Employees' Benefits Program for insurance for certain active and retired public officers and employees; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to certain persons licensed or certified by the Division of Financial Institutions of the Department of Business and Industry or the Commissioner of Financial Institutions. (BDR 55-1095). Description: AN ACT relating to financial services; authorizing the Commissioner of Financial Institutions, in furtherance of his or her duties or the duties of the Division of Financial Institutions of the Department of Business and Industry with respect to the issuance and renewal of certain licenses and certificates, to participate in the Nationwide Multistate Licensing System and Registry; authorizing the Commissioner to take certain actions relating to participation in the Registry; revising the requirements for applicants for certain licenses or certificates issued by the Commissioner and by the Division; revising provisions relating to the expiration and renewal of certain licenses or certificates issued by the Commissioner and by the Division; requiring the holders of certain licenses or certificates issued by the Commissioner to submit certain reports to the Registry; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to agriculture. (BDR 50-1102). Description: AN ACT relating to agriculture; requiring an applicant for the recording or rerecording of a brand, or brand and marks, or marks to pay a certain fee; authorizing the State Department of Agriculture to establish and collect certain other fees; increasing certain periods for the rerecording of brands and marks from 4 years to 5 years; requiring certain applications to be submitted electronically or in writing; requiring certain notices to be sent electronically or in writing; requiring the Department to furnish certain owners with an electronic copy of certain certificates; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises the qualifications to perform computed tomography and fluoroscopy. (BDR 54-1167). Description: AN ACT relating to radiation; revising the qualifications to perform computed tomography and fluoroscopy; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the State Dental Health Officer. (BDR 40-1159). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; transferring the State Dental Health Officer from the Division of Public and Behavioral Health of the Department of Health and Human Services to the Division of Health Care Financing and Policy of the Department; revising provisions governing the supervision of persons who hold a restricted license to practice dentistry at certain facilities; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes expenditures by agencies of the State Government for the 2021-2023 biennium. (BDR S-1171). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; authorizing expenditures by various officers, departments, boards, agencies, commissions and institutions of the State Government for the 2021-2023 biennium; authorizing the collection of certain amounts from the counties for the use of the services of the State Public Defender; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes appropriations to certain state agencies for certain purposes. (BDR S-1176). Description: AN ACT making appropriations to certain state agencies for certain purposes; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to state financial administration. (BDR S-1177). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; requiring a transfer to the State General Fund and authorizing disbursements of certain federal money in certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes an appropriation to the Department of Education for transfer to certain charter schools. (BDR S-1181). Description: AN ACT making an appropriation to the Department of Education for transfer to certain charter schools; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Standing Rules of the Assembly for the 81st Session of the Legislature. (BDR R-892). Description: Adopting the Standing Rules of the Assembly for the 81st Session of the Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of the Assembly attaches. (BDR R-893). Description: Providing for the appointment of the Assembly attaches.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides allowances to the members of the Assembly for periodicals, stamps, stationery and communications. (BDR R-894). Description: Providing allowances to the leadership and other members of the Assembly for periodicals, stamps, stationery and communications.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of an additional attache for the Assembly. (BDR R-950). Description: Providing for the appointment of an additional attache for the Assembly.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of an additional attache for the Assembly. (BDR R-1142). Description: Providing for the appointment of an additional attache for the Assembly.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adds former Nevada Assembly Sergeant at Arms Robin Bates to the Assembly Wall of Distinction. (BDR R-1156). Description: Adding former Nevada Assembly Sergeant at Arms Robin Bates to the Assembly Wall of Distinction.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adds former Deputy Research Director of the Research Division of the Legislative Counsel Bureau Marsheilah D. Lyons to the Assembly Wall of Distinction. (BDR R-1157). Description: Adding former Deputy Research Director of the Research Division of the Legislative Counsel Bureau Marsheilah D. Lyons to the Assembly Wall of Distinction.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Designates certain members of the Assembly as regular and alternate members of the Legislative Commission for the 2021-2023 biennium. (BDR R-1179). Description: Designating certain members of the Assembly as regular and alternate members of the Legislative Commission for the 2021-2023 biennium.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Accepts and adopts the report and recommendation of the Assembly Committee on Election Contests regarding the contest of the 2020 General Election for Assembly District 21. (BDR R-1189). Description: Accepting and adopting the report and recommendation of the Assembly Committee on Election Contests regarding the contest of the 2020 General Election for Assembly District 21; declaring that the contestant shall be deemed to have abandoned or withdrawn the contest; declaring that the Assembly shall not take further action on the contest and that the Assembly dismisses the contest with prejudice.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation for assistance provided to the Nevada Legislature with its response to the global COVID-19 pandemic during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1186). Description: Expressing appreciation to certain persons and organizations who provided assistance to the Nevada Legislature with its response to the global COVID-19 pandemic during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1188). Description: Expressing appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Designates certain members of the Senate as regular and alternate members of the Legislative Commission for the 2021-2023 biennium. (BDR R-1178). Description: Designating certain members of the Senate as regular and alternate members of the Legislative Commission for the 2021-2023 biennium.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1187). Description: Expressing appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation for assistance provided to the Nevada Legislature with its response to the global COVID-19 pandemic during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1185). Description: Expressing appreciation to certain persons and organizations who provided assistance to the Nevada Legislature with its response to the global COVID-19 pandemic during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the staff of the Senate for their service during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1184). Description: Expressing appreciation to the staff of the Senate for their service during the 81st Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Joint Standing Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 81st Session of the Legislature. (BDR R-888). Description: Adopting the Joint Standing Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 81st Session of the Legislature.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Memorializes former Assemblyman and Senator Alan H. Glover. (BDR R-1158). Description: Memorializing former Assemblyman and Senator Alan H. Glover.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges employers in this State to provide personal protective equipment to employees to prevent the spread of COVID-19. (BDR R-189). Description: Urging employers in this State to provide personal protective equipment to employees to prevent the spread of COVID-19.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Honors former State Senator Allison Copening for her advocacy for organ donation and expresses the support of the Nevada Legislature for the development of a transplant institute. (BDR R-66). Description: Honoring former State Senator Allison Copening for her advocacy for organ donation and expressing the support of the Nevada Legislature for the development of a transplant institute.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Memorializes former state Senator Joseph M. Neal, Jr. (BDR R-901). Description: Memorializing former state Senator Joseph M. Neal, Jr.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges certain actions to address the public health crisis in Nevada. (BDR R-966). Description: Urging certain actions to address the public health crisis caused by systemic racism and greatly magnified by the COVID-19 pandemic in Nevada.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Recognizes the 200th anniversary of Greek independence. (BDR R-1141). Description: Recognizing the 200th anniversary of Greek independence.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses support for the Nevada System of Higher Education to work collaboratively in its science and research efforts addressing the needs of the Lake Tahoe Basin. (BDR R-364). Description: Expressing support for the Nevada System of Higher Education to work collaboratively in its science and research efforts addressing the needs of the Lake Tahoe Basin.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates a joint special committee to conduct a study concerning innovation zones. (BDR R-1148). Description: Creating a joint special committee to conduct a study concerning innovation zones.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Celebrates the sister-state relationship between the State of Nevada and Taiwan, which continues to enhance trade, educational and cultural relations. (BDR R-1151). Description: Celebrating the sister-state relationship between the State of Nevada and Taiwan, which continues to enhance trade, educational and cultural relations.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Creates an interim committee to conduct an investigation into matters relating to reapportionment and redistricting in the State of Nevada. (BDR R-1166). Description: Creating an interim committee to conduct an investigation into matters relating to reapportionment and redistricting in the State of Nevada.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Memorializes former District Court Judge Don P. Chairez. (BDR R-1140). Description: Memorializing former District Court Judge Don P. Chairez.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to add and revise terms relating to persons with certain conditions for whose benefit certain public entities are supported by the State. (BDR C-477). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to add and revise terms relating to persons with certain conditions for whose benefit certain public entities are supported by the State.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Recognizes that the health of forests, rangelands and soils are inextricably linked to the quantity and quality of water. (BDR R-112). Description: Recognizing that the health of forests, rangelands and soils are inextricably linked to the quantity and quality of water.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges various actions relating to the protection and conservation of land and water. (BDR R-775). Description: Urging various actions relating to the protection and conservation of land and water.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges Congress and the President of the United States to protect certain land containing swamp cedars in Spring Valley. (BDR R-467). Description: Urging the Congress of the United States and the President of the United States to protect certain land containing swamp cedars in Spring Valley.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges the Congress of the United States to pass the National Infrastructure Bank Act of 2020. (BDR R-765). Description: Urging the Congress of the United States to pass the National Infrastructure Bank Act of 2020.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to prospectively increase the required minimum wage paid to employees. (BDR C-1273). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to prospectively increase the required minimum wage paid to employees.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Ordinance of the Nevada Constitution and the Nevada Constitution to remove language authorizing the use of slavery and involuntary servitude as a criminal punishment. (BDR C-496). Description: Proposing to amend the Ordinance of the Nevada Constitution and the Nevada Constitution to remove language authorizing the use of slavery and involuntary servitude as a criminal punishment.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses support for the creation of a retirement plan for spouses of members of the military. (BDR R-384). Description: Urging the Federal Government to address the issue of spouses of members of the military losing retirement benefits due to frequent relocations by creating a retirement plan that is funded by the Department of Defense Appropriations Act.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to remove the constitutional provisions governing the election and duties of the Board of Regents of the State University and to authorize the Legislature to provide by statute for the governance of the State University and for the auditing of public institutions of higher education in this State. (BDR C-944). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to remove the constitutional provisions governing the election and duties of the Board of Regents of the State University and to authorize the Legislature to provide by statute for the governance of the State University and for the auditing of public institutions of higher education in this State.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to guarantee equal rights. (BDR C-1278). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to guarantee equal rights.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to protect the public lands including and adjacent to Sunrise Mountain, Frenchman Mountain and Rainbow Gardens. (BDR R-101). Description: Urging Congress to protect the public lands including and adjacent to Sunrise Mountain, Frenchman Mountain and Rainbow Gardens.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to ratify the Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women. (BDR R-969). Description: Urging Congress to ratify the Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women.
In 2021, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses the priority of the timely completion of the Tahoe East Shore Trail extension project and urges Congress to provide federal funding for completion of the project. (BDR R-363). Description: Expressing the priority of the timely completion of the Tahoe East Shore Trail extension project and urging Congress to provide federal funding for completion of the project.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Ratifies certain technical corrections made to NRS and Statutes of Nevada. (BDR S-12). Description: AN ACT relating to statutes; ratifying certain technical corrections made to sections of NRS and Statutes of Nevada; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises and clarifies provisions relating to the Legislative Department of the State Government. (BDR 17-17). Description: AN ACT relating to the Legislative Department of the State Government; enacting provisions governing the use by certain committees of remote-technology systems for conducting committee meetings during the public-health crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic; providing for the publication of certain joint resolutions proposing amendments to the Nevada Constitution under certain circumstances; revising and clarifying provisions governing the organization, operation and personnel of the Legislative Counsel Bureau; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to public safety. (BDR 14-14). Description: AN ACT relating to public safety; authorizing a person to record law enforcement activity in certain circumstances; revising provisions relating to the use of physical force by a peace officer; requiring a peace officer to intervene to prevent the use of unjustified physical force by another peace officer in certain circumstances and to report the observation of the use of unjustified physical force by another peace officer; requiring law enforcement agencies to adopt a written policy regarding the drug and alcohol testing of a peace officer in certain circumstances; providing that the newly effective provisions of law reducing the maximum period of probation or suspension of sentence that may be imposed upon a person apply to persons sentenced on or after July 1, 2020; requiring law enforcement agencies to provide a report to the Legislature containing certain information relating to traffic stops and other stops by law enforcement officers and the software used to process certain information during such traffic stops and other stops; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to elections. (BDR 24-13). Description: AN ACT relating to elections; enacting provisions for conducting elections adversely affected by certain emergencies or disasters; revising provisions governing election procedures for absent ballots, mailing ballots and other mail ballots; making various other changes relating to elections; prohibiting certain unlawful acts relating to elections; providing for the transfer, disbursement and use of certain funds to pay certain expenses relating to elections; providing penalties; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain courts to grant a stay for certain evictions. (BDR 3-26). Description: AN ACT relating to property; authorizing certain courts to grant a stay in certain proceedings concerning eviction; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to peace officers. (BDR 23-11). Description: AN ACT relating to peace officers; eliminating the prohibition on the use of a peace officer's compelled statement in a civil case; revising provisions regarding when a law enforcement agency may initiate an investigation into the alleged misconduct of a peace officer; revising provisions relating to the reassignment of a peace officer who is under investigation; authorizing a peace officer or representative to inspect certain evidence and submit a response after the conclusion of an investigation; revising provisions requiring the dismissal of civil and administrative proceedings against a peace officer under certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to unemployment compensation. (BDR 53-10). Description: AN ACT relating to unemployment compensation; authorizing the electronic transmission of certain documents and communications relating to unemployment compensation; revising the procedures for the adoption of an emergency regulation by the Administrator of the Employment Security Division of the Department of Employment, Training and Rehabilitation; revising provisions relating to eligibility for unemployment benefits in certain circumstances; authorizing the Administrator to suspend, modify, amend or waive certain requirements under certain circumstances; revising provisions governing the payment of unemployment benefits for an extended period and increasing the total extended benefits payable under certain circumstances; revising provisions relating to disqualification for unemployment compensation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to public health. (BDR 40-16). Description: AN ACT relating to public health; providing certain powers and duties in certain circumstances to a district health department in certain larger counties relating to public health in licensed gaming establishments; requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to establish minimum standards for cleaning in public accommodation facilities in certain counties; requiring the Department to adopt regulations requiring such a facility to adopt protocols and plans concerning the prevention of and response to SARS-CoV-2; providing for inspection of such facilities for compliance with such requirements; limiting the civil liability of certain businesses conducted for profit, governmental entities and private nonprofit organizations for personal injury or death resulting from exposure to COVID-19; authorizing the Secretary of State to suspend the state business license of a person that does not comply with certain health standards related to COVID-19; requiring the transfer of certain money to certain health districts for enforcement purposes; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Amends the Standing Rules of the Assembly of the 80th Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-23). Description: Amending the Standing Rules of the Assembly of the 80th Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of the Assembly attaches. (BDR R-4). Description: Providing for the appointment of the Assembly attaches.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that no allowances will be paid for the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications. (BDR R-6). Description: Providing that no allowances will be paid for the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the Assembly staff for their service during the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-19). Description: Expressing appreciation to the Assembly staff for their service during the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2020, Nevada enrolled a bill titled: Adopts the Rules of the Senate for the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-2). Description: Adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2020, Nevada enrolled a bill titled: Provides that no allowances will be paid for the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications. (BDR R-5). Description: Providing that no allowances will be paid for the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications.
In 2020, Nevada enrolled a bill titled: Recognizes the appointment of the Senate staff. (BDR R-3). Description: Recognizing the appointment of the Senate staff.
In 2020, Nevada enrolled a bill titled: Urges certain actions to address the public health crisis in Nevada. (BDR R-28). Description: Urging certain actions to address the public health crisis caused by systemic racism and greatly magnified by the COVID-19 pandemic in Nevada.
In 2020, Nevada enrolled a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-18). Description: Expressing appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 32nd Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to revise provisions governing the taxation of mines, mining claims and the proceeds of minerals extracted in this State. (BDR C-25). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to revise provisions governing the taxation of mines, mining claims and the proceeds of minerals extracted in this State.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to revise provisions governing the rate of the tax upon the net proceeds of minerals extracted in this State. (BDR C-29). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to revise provisions governing the rate of the tax upon the net proceeds of minerals extracted in this State.
In 2020, Nevada enrolled a bill titled: Proposes to amend the Nevada Constitution to revise provisions governing the taxation of minerals extracted in this State. (BDR C-27). Description: Proposing to amend the Nevada Constitution to revise provisions governing the taxation of minerals extracted in this State and to require the Legislature to provide by law for a program to make payments to eligible persons in this State from a portion of the tax on the proceeds of minerals.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Makes various changes relating to state financial administration. (BDR S-8). Description: AN ACT relating to state financial administration; reducing certain appropriations and other money budgeted for Fiscal Year 2020-2021; authorizing certain sums appropriated to the Department of Health and Human Services to be transferred among the various budget accounts of the Department under certain circumstances; requiring the transfer of certain money to the State General Fund; revising various provisions relating to the authority for such transfers; authorizing certain expenditures; temporarily suspending the transfer from the State General Fund to the Account to Stabilize the Operation of the State Government for Fiscal Year 2020-2021; temporarily increasing the limitation on the amount of annual leave that certain state employees are authorized to carry forward to the next calendar year; providing for a 1-month suspension during Fiscal Year 2020-2021 of the payment of subsidies by the State to the Public Employees' Benefits Program for group insurance for certain active and retired public officers and employees; requiring state employees to take a certain number of hours of unpaid furlough leave during a certain period of Fiscal Year 2020-2021; providing exceptions and requirements relating to the furlough leave; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada engrossed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to the tax on the net proceeds of minerals extracted and the use thereof. (BDR 32-25). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental financial administration; revising the formula for determining the measure of the tax on the net proceeds of minerals; creating the Supplemental Support for Classroom Instruction Account; requiring the transfer of a portion of the tax on the net proceeds of minerals to the Account; providing for the use of money in the Account; making an appropriation; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions relating to capital improvement projects. (BDR S-9). Description: AN ACT relating to projects of capital improvement; revising the funding for certain projects; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-20). Description: Expressing appreciation to the staff of the Legislative Counsel Bureau for their service during the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Temporarily authorizes certain changes to eligibility requirements for the Governor Guinn Millennium Scholarship. (BDR 34-13). Description: AN ACT relating to education; temporarily authorizing the Board of Regents of the University of Nevada to waive or modify certain requirements for eligibility to receive a Governor Guinn Millennium Scholarship in response to a state of emergency or declaration of disaster; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Revises provisions governing governmental financial administration. (BDR 32-10). Description: AN ACT relating to governmental financial administration; temporarily accelerating the collection of a portion of the tax upon the net proceeds of minerals; temporarily requiring persons who extract minerals to pay a portion of the tax on the net proceeds of the estimated royalties that will be paid for certain years; temporarily altering the allocation of a portion of the proceeds of the basic governmental services tax; requiring the Department of Taxation to allow for the payment of delinquent taxes, fees or assessments without a penalty for a limited period in certain circumstances; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Temporarily revises provisions governing public borrowing. (BDR 30-19). Description: AN ACT relating to state securities; authorizing the State Board of Finance to issue interim debentures for a temporary period to fund the general operations of the State under certain circumstances; temporarily revising provisions governing payments made from the Consolidated Bond Interest and Redemption Fund; temporarily revising provisions governing the fixing of interest rates for certain state securities; temporarily revising provisions governing the issuance of interim debentures; and providing other matters properly relating thereto.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Amends the Standing Rules of the Assembly of the 80th Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-7). Description: Amending the Standing Rules of the Assembly of the 80th Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts Special Rules of the Assembly for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature concerning the use of remote-technology systems by members of the Assembly. (BDR R-16). Description: Adopting Special Rules of the Assembly for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature concerning the use of remote-technology systems by members of the Assembly.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides for the appointment of the Assembly attaches. (BDR R-4). Description: Providing for the appointment of the Assembly attaches.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that no allowances will be paid for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications. (BDR R-6). Description: Providing that no allowances will be paid for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the Assembly staff for their service during the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-21). Description: Expressing appreciation to the Assembly staff for their service during the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Rules of the Senate for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-2). Description: Adopting the Rules of the Senate for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Provides that no allowances will be paid for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications. (BDR R-5). Description: Providing that no allowances will be paid for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature for periodicals, stamps, stationery or communications.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Recognizes the appointment of the Senate staff. (BDR R-3). Description: Recognizing the appointment of the Senate staff.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts Special Rules of the Senate for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature concerning the use of remote-technology systems by members of the Senate. (BDR R-15). Description: Adopting Special Rules of the Senate for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature concerning the use of remote-technology systems by members of the Senate.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to the Senate staff for their service during the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-23). Description: Expressing appreciation to the Senate staff for their service during the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Adopts the Joint Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-1). Description: Adopting the Joint Rules of the Senate and Assembly for the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Expresses appreciation to persons and organizations who offered their services and assistance during the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature. (BDR R-22). Description: Expressing appreciation to persons and organizations who offered their services and assistance during the 31st Special Session of the Nevada Legislature.
In 2020, Nevada passed a bill titled: Urges the President and Congress of the United States to provide flexible funding for state, local and tribal governments to account for anticipated public budget shortfalls as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. (BDR R-18). Description: Urging the President and Congress of the United States to provide flexible funding for state, local and tribal governments to account for anticipated public budget shortfalls as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
