Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of New York:

In 2025, New York enrolled a bill titled: Relates to types of New York grown, produced or harvested milk products included in the definition of surplus agricultural products for the purposes of the Nourish New York program; directs that such term include New York grown, produced or harvested milk, and milk products, including but not limited to two percent fat milk and whole milk.. Description: Relates to types of New York grown, produced or harvested milk products included in the definition of surplus agricultural products for the purposes of the Nourish New York program; directs that such term include New York grown, produced or harvested milk, and milk products, including but not limited to two percent fat milk and whole milk.

In 2025, New York enrolled a bill titled: Expands the definition of crops, livestock and livestock products to include cannabis when cultivated in accordance with the cannabis law; amends the effectiveness thereof.. Description: Expands the definition of crops, livestock and livestock products to include cannabis when cultivated in accordance with the cannabis law; amends the effectiveness thereof.

In 2025, New York enrolled a bill titled: Increases the New York state housing finance agency bonding authority to $36,280,000,000.. Description: Increases the New York state housing finance agency bonding authority to $36,280,000,000.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Includes establishing a branch in a banking development district as a factor indicating that a banking institution is helping to meet the credit needs of its entire community for purposes of assessing such banking institution.. Description: Includes establishing a branch in a banking development district as a factor indicating that a banking institution is helping to meet the credit needs of its entire community for purposes of assessing such banking institution.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Changes instances of the term moped to limited use motorcycle in relation to lithium-ion battery safety.. Description: Changes instances of the term moped to limited use motorcycle in relation to lithium-ion battery safety.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Requires the installation of smoke detectors in residential buildings with common spaces shared between three or more dwelling units and that such smoke detectors can be heard in such common spaces.. Description: Requires the installation of smoke detectors in residential buildings with common spaces shared between three or more dwelling units and that such smoke detectors can be heard in such common spaces.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes pharmacists to administer injections for contraceptive use.. Description: Authorizes pharmacists to administer injections for contraceptive use.

In 2025, New York enrolled a bill titled: Increases membership on the state fire prevention and building code council to include the commissioner of agriculture and markets; amends the effectiveness thereof.. Description: Increases membership on the state fire prevention and building code council to include the commissioner of agriculture and markets; amends the effectiveness thereof.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Makes technical changes to certain provisions requiring epinephrine auto-injector devices to be made available in places of public assembly; amends the effectiveness of such provisions.. Description: Makes technical changes to certain provisions requiring epinephrine auto-injector devices to be made available in places of public assembly; amends the effectiveness of such provisions.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Provides that the contact information for the department of corrections and community supervision and the office of victim assistance shall be provided to crime victims.. Description: Provides that the contact information for the department of corrections and community supervision and the office of victim assistance shall be provided to crime victims.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Requires limited use motorcycles to have a red tag attached to the charging cord which states to unplug when not in use.. Description: Requires limited use motorcycles to have a red tag attached to the charging cord which states to unplug when not in use.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies violations of provisions prohibiting third-party restaurant reservation services from arranging unauthorized restaurant reservations with food service establishments.. Description: Clarifies violations of provisions prohibiting third-party restaurant reservation services from arranging unauthorized restaurant reservations with food service establishments.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Requires the department of health to evaluate and make recommendations related to maternal health care and birthing best practices; repeals certain provisions.. Description: Requires the department of health to evaluate and make recommendations related to maternal health care and birthing best practices; repeals certain provisions.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Includes guardians of the principal as a person who may commence certain special proceedings; provides that if a hospital can with reasonable efforts ascertain the identity of the parents or guardian of an emancipated minor patient and obtain such parent's or guardian's contact information, the hospital shall notify such persons, and document such notification in the patient's medical record, prior to withholding or withdrawing life-sustaining treatment.. Description: Includes guardians of the principal as a person who may commence certain special proceedings; provides that if a hospital can with reasonable efforts ascertain the identity of the parents or guardian of an emancipated minor patient and obtain such parent's or guardian's contact information, the hospital shall notify such persons, and document such notification in the patient's medical record, prior to withholding or withdrawing life-sustaining treatment.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Extends the effectiveness of certain provisions relating to the application for the Medicare savings program to April 1, 2026.. Description: Extends the effectiveness of certain provisions relating to the application for the Medicare savings program to April 1, 2026.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Amends the effectiveness of provisions related to the submission of physician profile information.. Description: Amends the effectiveness of provisions related to the submission of physician profile information.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Includes information on congenital heart defect births as part of the department of health's health care and wellness education and outreach program; amends the effectiveness thereof.. Description: Includes information on congenital heart defect births as part of the department of health's health care and wellness education and outreach program; amends the effectiveness thereof.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Sets the basis for recommendations of the traumatic brain injury services coordinating council; requires annual posting of such recommendations.. Description: Sets the basis for recommendations of the traumatic brain injury services coordinating council; requires annual posting of such recommendations.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Provides for education and outreach for drug-induced movement disorders by the department of health through the health care and wellness education and outreach program.. Description: Provides for education and outreach for drug-induced movement disorders by the department of health through the health care and wellness education and outreach program.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates the requirement of conducting a study on the number of children in foster care who have a disability; makes technical changes to certain provisions of law.. Description: Eliminates the requirement of conducting a study on the number of children in foster care who have a disability; makes technical changes to certain provisions of law.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Provides that maternal health care facilities are not required to grant doula access during emergencies or when such access could compromise the safety of the patient or health care team.. Description: Provides that maternal health care facilities are not required to grant doula access during emergencies or when such access could compromise the safety of the patient or health care team.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies the definition of lithium-ion battery in relation to hazardous materials emergency response training for incidents involving such batteries.. Description: Clarifies the definition of lithium-ion battery in relation to hazardous materials emergency response training for incidents involving such batteries.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Establishes when services for traumatic brain injuries granted pursuant to a waiver shall begin.. Description: Establishes when services for traumatic brain injuries granted pursuant to a waiver shall begin.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Requires the commissioner of health to consult with the office of addiction services and supports and relevant stakeholders as determined by such commissioner in addition to the office of mental health to publish guidance for incorporating maternal depression screenings into routine prenatal care; changes the effective date to eighteen months.. Description: Requires the commissioner of health to consult with the office of addiction services and supports and relevant stakeholders as determined by such commissioner in addition to the office of mental health to publish guidance for incorporating maternal depression screenings into routine prenatal care; changes the effective date to eighteen months.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Permits prescription labels for mifepristone, misoprostol, and their generic alternatives to include the name of the prescribing health care practice instead of the name of the prescriber at the prescriber's request.. Description: Permits prescription labels for mifepristone, misoprostol, and their generic alternatives to include the name of the prescribing health care practice instead of the name of the prescriber at the prescriber's request.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Provides for automatic voter registration and pre-registration for persons applying for certain department of motor vehicles documentation, and for persons applying for or re-enrolling in Medicaid; allows individuals to decline such automatic registration and pre-registration.. Description: Provides for automatic voter registration and pre-registration for persons applying for certain department of motor vehicles documentation, and for persons applying for or re-enrolling in Medicaid; allows individuals to decline such automatic registration and pre-registration.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Provides practical support for access to abortion care including, but not limited to, reimbursement for ground and air transportation, lodging, meals, childcare, translation services, and doula support.. Description: Provides practical support for access to abortion care including, but not limited to, reimbursement for ground and air transportation, lodging, meals, childcare, translation services, and doula support.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Enacts the democracy preservation act; prohibits contributions by foreign-influenced business entities; requires certification.. Description: Enacts the democracy preservation act; prohibits contributions by foreign-influenced business entities; requires certification.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes county boards of elections to establish county-wide polling places where any person entitled to vote in such county by personal appearance may so vote on the day of a primary election or general election, subject to approval by the state board of elections.. Description: Authorizes county boards of elections to establish county-wide polling places where any person entitled to vote in such county by personal appearance may so vote on the day of a primary election or general election, subject to approval by the state board of elections.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Relates to coverage for prenatal vitamins and related insurance coverages.. Description: Relates to coverage for prenatal vitamins and related insurance coverages.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Relates to payroll records submitted by contractors and sub-contractors for public work contracts; extends the date the department of labor shall be required to develop and implement an online database of electronic certified payroll records until December 31, 2025; provides that the submission of certain electronic records shall satisfy certain requirements relating to the submission of payroll records.. Description: Relates to payroll records submitted by contractors and sub-contractors for public work contracts; extends the date the department of labor shall be required to develop and implement an online database of electronic certified payroll records until December 31, 2025; provides that the submission of certain electronic records shall satisfy certain requirements relating to the submission of payroll records.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies disclosures for the payment of real property and school district taxes in installments.. Description: Clarifies disclosures for the payment of real property and school district taxes in installments.

In 2025, New York enrolled a bill titled: Relates to the statewide presumptive eligibility standard; authorizes local social services districts to utilize child care block grant funds for the presumptive eligibility period to the extent permitted by federal law; amends the effectiveness thereof.. Description: Relates to the statewide presumptive eligibility standard; authorizes local social services districts to utilize child care block grant funds for the presumptive eligibility period to the extent permitted by federal law; amends the effectiveness thereof.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Extends provisions of law relating to expanding the food donation and food scraps recycling program; amends the effectiveness relating thereto.. Description: Extends provisions of law relating to expanding the food donation and food scraps recycling program; amends the effectiveness relating thereto.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Relates to permitting the sale or distribution of expanded polystyrene containers that are designed or intended to be used for cold storage for certain tissues, temperature sensitive health and safety samples, cultures, and reagents, and microbial cultures.. Description: Relates to permitting the sale or distribution of expanded polystyrene containers that are designed or intended to be used for cold storage for certain tissues, temperature sensitive health and safety samples, cultures, and reagents, and microbial cultures.

In 2025, New York enrolled a bill titled: Relates to the termination of subsidies provided to adoptive parents for disabled or hard to place children; replaces references of "assistance" with "subsidy"; changes the effective date to 90 days.. Description: Relates to the termination of subsidies provided to adoptive parents for disabled or hard to place children; replaces references of "assistance" with "subsidy"; changes the effective date to 90 days.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Requires electric vehicle charging stations to include at least one space that is large enough to accommodate wheelchair accessible electric vehicles.. Description: Requires electric vehicle charging stations to include at least one space that is large enough to accommodate wheelchair accessible electric vehicles.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Removes the requirement that a state call center contractor must hire employees of a former call center contractor whose contract is terminated unless provided in the contract; makes provisions of new law applicable only to the state and its public authorities or public benefit corporations.. Description: Removes the requirement that a state call center contractor must hire employees of a former call center contractor whose contract is terminated unless provided in the contract; makes provisions of new law applicable only to the state and its public authorities or public benefit corporations.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Provides that upon a vacancy, the council of the arts shall not be deemed out of compliance with the requirement that each of the ten regions of the state be represented by at least one member of the council so long as such vacancy is filled within a reasonable time and the appointment made for such new vacancy moves the composition of the council closer to such requirement.. Description: Provides that upon a vacancy, the council of the arts shall not be deemed out of compliance with the requirement that each of the ten regions of the state be represented by at least one member of the council so long as such vacancy is filled within a reasonable time and the appointment made for such new vacancy moves the composition of the council closer to such requirement.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Establishes a native plant and seed supply, development and enhancement program; requires the commissioners of the departments of agriculture and markets, environmental conservation and economic development to develop a list of plants and seeds eligible for consideration in such program; makes related provisions.. Description: Establishes a native plant and seed supply, development and enhancement program; requires the commissioners of the departments of agriculture and markets, environmental conservation and economic development to develop a list of plants and seeds eligible for consideration in such program; makes related provisions.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes a town with a population between 69,000 and 69,500 as of the 2020 decennial census to enact a homestead exemption.. Description: Authorizes a town with a population between 69,000 and 69,500 as of the 2020 decennial census to enact a homestead exemption.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits the department of environmental conservation from charging any application fee or any other fee for activities undertaken pursuant to a lake program.. Description: Prohibits the department of environmental conservation from charging any application fee or any other fee for activities undertaken pursuant to a lake program.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Modifies the safe landings for youth leaving foster care act or safe landings act to allow for the conversion of certain motions to become motions to return a respondent to foster care.. Description: Modifies the safe landings for youth leaving foster care act or safe landings act to allow for the conversion of certain motions to become motions to return a respondent to foster care.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Specifies the occupancy tax in the village of Catskill shall only apply to hotels and motels.. Description: Specifies the occupancy tax in the village of Catskill shall only apply to hotels and motels.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies the scope of the occupancy tax in the village of Coxsackie.. Description: Clarifies the scope of the occupancy tax in the village of Coxsackie.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Relates to assessment relief for victims of a local or major disaster in an eligible municipality.. Description: Relates to assessment relief for victims of a local or major disaster in an eligible municipality.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Relates to the climate change adaptation cost recovery program and requirements for climate change adaptive infrastructure projects; relates to the use of funds from the climate change adaptation fund for certain projects; relates to the disclosure of certain data from returns of petroleum or fossil fuel businesses; relates to expenditure of funds from the climate change adaptation fund; repeals certain provisions; relates to severability and legislative findings.. Description: Relates to the climate change adaptation cost recovery program and requirements for climate change adaptive infrastructure projects; relates to the use of funds from the climate change adaptation fund for certain projects; relates to the disclosure of certain data from returns of petroleum or fossil fuel businesses; relates to expenditure of funds from the climate change adaptation fund; repeals certain provisions; relates to severability and legislative findings.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Provides for the protection of health information; establishes requirements for communications to individuals about their health information; requires either written consent or a designated necessary purpose for the processing of an individual's health information.. Description: Provides for the protection of health information; establishes requirements for communications to individuals about their health information; requires either written consent or a designated necessary purpose for the processing of an individual's health information.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Requires public-facing websites operated by political committees to contain "paid for by" language; adds such public-facing websites to the list of political communications that qualify as independent expenditures.. Description: Requires public-facing websites operated by political committees to contain "paid for by" language; adds such public-facing websites to the list of political communications that qualify as independent expenditures.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Relates to mandatory training curriculum for election commissioners and key staff of boards of elections.. Description: Relates to mandatory training curriculum for election commissioners and key staff of boards of elections.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Provides that a voter may register to vote at any residence to which the voter maintains a continuous connection with an intent to remain, including a second home or a vacation home or a home where a student lives while attending a college or university.. Description: Provides that a voter may register to vote at any residence to which the voter maintains a continuous connection with an intent to remain, including a second home or a vacation home or a home where a student lives while attending a college or university.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits deceptive practices and the suppression of voters.. Description: Prohibits deceptive practices and the suppression of voters.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Makes commissioners full time employees of boards outside the city of New York.. Description: Makes commissioners full time employees of boards outside the city of New York.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Permits the state board of elections to join certain multistate voter list maintenance organizations and provide such organizations with certain voter information; requires the state to join a multistate voter list maintenance organization on or before July 31, 2026.. Description: Permits the state board of elections to join certain multistate voter list maintenance organizations and provide such organizations with certain voter information; requires the state to join a multistate voter list maintenance organization on or before July 31, 2026.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the New York state abortion clinical training program within the department of health for the purpose of training health care practitioners in the performance of abortion and related reproductive health care services; requires the commissioner of health to submit a report to the governor and the legislature.. Description: Establishes the New York state abortion clinical training program within the department of health for the purpose of training health care practitioners in the performance of abortion and related reproductive health care services; requires the commissioner of health to submit a report to the governor and the legislature.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Restricts certain substances from being used in menstrual products.. Description: Restricts certain substances from being used in menstrual products.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Enacts the "public university emergency contraception education act" requiring public universities to develop, produce and distribute informational materials related to emergency contraception.. Description: Enacts the "public university emergency contraception education act" requiring public universities to develop, produce and distribute informational materials related to emergency contraception.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Establishes an awareness campaign on the use of hormone replacement therapy in treating the symptoms of perimenopause and menopause.. Description: Establishes an awareness campaign on the use of hormone replacement therapy in treating the symptoms of perimenopause and menopause.

In 2025, New York engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits state contracts with contractors who do not provide health insurance which covers supplemental breast cancer screenings; authorizes the comptroller to promulgate any necessary rules and regulations.. Description: Prohibits state contracts with contractors who do not provide health insurance which covers supplemental breast cancer screenings; authorizes the comptroller to promulgate any necessary rules and regulations.

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Jean Eleanor Frisbee, distinguished citizen and devoted member of her community. Description: Mourning the death of Jean Eleanor Frisbee, distinguished citizen and devoted member of her community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Marie A. Paprocki, devoted mother, distinguished citizen, and dedicated member of her community. Description: Mourning the death of Marie A. Paprocki, devoted mother, distinguished citizen, and dedicated member of her community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 80th Anniversary of the Rotary Club of the Town of Brewster, New York. Description: Commemorating the 80th Anniversary of the Rotary Club of the Town of Brewster, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Firefighter Cancer Prevention Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Firefighter Cancer Prevention Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 22, 2025, as Celebrating Life Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 22, 2025, as Celebrating Life Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Honoring Past Chief Jon Kemp upon the occasion of his designation for special recognition after 50 years of dedicated service to the Main-Transit Fire Department of Amherst, New York. Description: Honoring Past Chief Jon Kemp upon the occasion of his designation for special recognition after 50 years of dedicated service to the Main-Transit Fire Department of Amherst, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Technology Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Technology Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Martin R. Horanburg Sr., distinguished citizen, fire chief, and devoted member of his community. Description: Mourning the death of Martin R. Horanburg Sr., distinguished citizen, fire chief, and devoted member of his community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Flora Leamer, distinguished citizen and devoted member of her community. Description: Mourning the death of Flora Leamer, distinguished citizen and devoted member of her community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 1, 2025, as World Hijab Day. Description: Recognizing February 1, 2025, as World Hijab Day

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 13, 2025, as Korean American Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 13, 2025, as Korean American Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January as Tamil Heritage Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January as Tamil Heritage Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 15, 2025, as Bagel Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 15, 2025, as Bagel Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Honoring William G. Manikas upon a lifetime of exemplary achievement and service. Description: Honoring William G. Manikas upon a lifetime of exemplary achievement and service

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Leigha Walker upon the occasion of her designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Leigha Walker upon the occasion of her designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating Fayth Goodspeed of Niskayuna High School upon the occasion of capturing the Girls 100 Yard Breaststroke title at the NYSPHSAA Girls Swimming and Diving Championship on November 23, 2024. Description: Congratulating Fayth Goodspeed of Niskayuna High School upon the occasion of capturing the Girls 100 Yard Breaststroke title at the NYSPHSAA Girls Swimming and Diving Championship on November 23, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 111th Anniversary of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Inc., and honoring its legacy of Brotherhood, Scholarship, and Service. Description: Commemorating the 111th Anniversary of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Inc., and honoring its legacy of Brotherhood, Scholarship, and Service

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 20 - 27, 2025, as National Passenger Safety Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 20 - 27, 2025, as National Passenger Safety Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Mentoring Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Mentoring Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Stalking Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Stalking Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Radon Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Radon Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the observance of the 40th Annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Day in the State of New York, on January 20, 2025. Description: Commemorating the observance of the 40th Annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Day in the State of New York, on January 20, 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 400th Anniversary of the city of New York, New York to be celebrated in 2025. Description: Commemorating the 400th Anniversary of the city of New York, New York to be celebrated in 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Nursing Program at SUNY Polytechnic Institute. Description: Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Nursing Program at SUNY Polytechnic Institute

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating Sergeant Station Commander David N. Olney, upon the occasion of his retirement, after 37 years of distinguished service to the field of law enforcement. Description: Congratulating Sergeant Station Commander David N. Olney, upon the occasion of his retirement, after 37 years of distinguished service to the field of law enforcement

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 75th Anniversary of Eck Plastic Arts. Description: Commemorating the 75th Anniversary of Eck Plastic Arts

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Byron-Bergen Girls Varsity Soccer Team upon the occasion of winning the New York State Public High School Athletic Association Class C State Championship title on November 17, 2024. Description: Congratulating the Byron-Bergen Girls Varsity Soccer Team upon the occasion of winning the New York State Public High School Athletic Association Class C State Championship title on November 17, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 221st Anniversary of the Independence of Haiti from France. Description: Commemorating the 221st Anniversary of the Independence of Haiti from France

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Remembering the victims of the Haitian Earthquake of January 12, 2010. Description: Remembering the victims of the Haitian Earthquake of January 12, 2010

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Hamilton Central High School Boys Varsity Soccer Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 NYSPHSAA Soccer Class D Championship on November 16, 2024. Description: Congratulating the Hamilton Central High School Boys Varsity Soccer Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 NYSPHSAA Soccer Class D Championship on November 16, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Liam Hedley and Hunter Marcello upon the occasion of their designation as recipients of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Liam Hedley and Hunter Marcello upon the occasion of their designation as recipients of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 19-25, 2025, as Enrolled Agent Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 19-25, 2025, as Enrolled Agent Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Candor Junior-Senior High School Girls' Volleyball Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 NYSPHSAA Section IV Class D Championship. Description: Congratulating the Candor Junior-Senior High School Girls' Volleyball Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 NYSPHSAA Section IV Class D Championship

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Portville High School Girls Varsity Volleyball Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 New York State Class C Championship. Description: Congratulating the Portville High School Girls Varsity Volleyball Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 New York State Class C Championship

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Honoring the life and legacy of Charles Dolan, a visionary telecommunications mogul, and a tireless advocate for pancreatic cancer research. Description: Honoring the life and legacy of Charles Dolan, a visionary telecommunications mogul, and a tireless advocate for pancreatic cancer research

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Leigha Walker upon the occasion of her designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Leigha Walker upon the occasion of her designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Liam Hedley and Hunter Marcello upon the occasion of their designation as recipients of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Liam Hedley and Hunter Marcello upon the occasion of their designation as recipients of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Merrill S. Patrick posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Merrill S. Patrick posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Master Sergeant Brian S. Genier upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Master Sergeant Brian S. Genier upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Molly Ames upon the occasion of her designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Molly Ames upon the occasion of her designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Jack Crabbe upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Jack Crabbe upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Wendy Boyer upon the occasion of her designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Wendy Boyer upon the occasion of her designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Stanley Maltzman upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Stanley Maltzman upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Technician Fourth Grade Joseph S. Cesternino posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the. Description: Commending Technician Fourth Grade Joseph S. Cesternino posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Private Leonard Cesternino posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Private Leonard Cesternino posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Robert Jesse Warrington posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Robert Jesse Warrington posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Sergeant Cornelius Richard Rogers, Jr., posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Sergeant Cornelius Richard Rogers, Jr., posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Joseph Mark Fletcher posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Joseph Mark Fletcher posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Radioman 3rd Class Frank William Degenhardt posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Radioman 3rd Class Frank William Degenhardt posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Brooklyn Technical High School Football Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024-25 NYC PSAL 3A Championship on November 29, 2024. Description: Congratulating the Brooklyn Technical High School Football Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024-25 NYC PSAL 3A Championship on November 29, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 19-25, 2025, as Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetist Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 19-25, 2025, as Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetist Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating Colin Fitzgerald upon the occasion of receiving the distinguished Eagle Scout Award, the most prestigious of Scouting honors. Description: Congratulating Colin Fitzgerald upon the occasion of receiving the distinguished Eagle Scout Award, the most prestigious of Scouting honors

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 2025, as Workplace Violence Prevention Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 2025, as Workplace Violence Prevention Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 28, 2025, as Human Data Privacy Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 28, 2025, as Human Data Privacy Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 9, 2025, as Law Enforcement Appreciation Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 9, 2025, as Law Enforcement Appreciation Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 18, 2025, as Thesaurus Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 18, 2025, as Thesaurus Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Schuylerville High School Varsity Football Team and Head Coach John Bowen upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 NYSPHSAA Class C Football Championship on December 7, 2024. Description: Congratulating the Schuylerville High School Varsity Football Team and Head Coach John Bowen upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 NYSPHSAA Class C Football Championship on December 7, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 170th Anniversary of the Village of Dexter, New York, in 2025. Description: Commemorating the 170th Anniversary of the Village of Dexter, New York, in 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 200th Anniversary of the Town of Albion, New York, in 2025. Description: Commemorating the 200th Anniversary of the Town of Albion, New York, in 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 135th Anniversary of the Village of Poland, New York, in 2025. Description: Commemorating the 135th Anniversary of the Village of Poland, New York, in 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Northville High School Girls Soccer Team upon the occasion of winning the New York State Public High School Athletic Association's Class D State Championship. Description: Congratulating the Northville High School Girls Soccer Team upon the occasion of winning the New York State Public High School Athletic Association's Class D State Championship

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Frankfort-Schuyler High School 8-Man Football Team upon the occasion of winning the New York State 8-Man Football Regional Championship. Description: Congratulating the Frankfort-Schuyler High School 8-Man Football Team upon the occasion of winning the New York State 8-Man Football Regional Championship

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of the Town of Turin, New York, in 2025. Description: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of the Town of Turin, New York, in 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 6, 2025, as Tartan Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 6, 2025, as Tartan Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Honoring Jose DaRocha upon the occasion of 58 years of dedicated service to the Firefighters Association of the State of New York. Description: Honoring Jose DaRocha upon the occasion of 58 years of dedicated service to the Firefighters Association of the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Honoring outgoing President Jerry Flower Jr. upon the occasion of his designation for special recognition after 43 years of dedicated service to Bayville Fire Company No. 1. Description: Honoring outgoing President Jerry Flower Jr. upon the occasion of his designation for special recognition after 43 years of dedicated service to Bayville Fire Company No. 1

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Roslyn High School Marching Band upon the occasion of winning the 2024 Small School Division 1 New York State Field Band Conference Championship on October 27, 2024. Description: Congratulating the Roslyn High School Marching Band upon the occasion of winning the 2024 Small School Division 1 New York State Field Band Conference Championship on October 27, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Manhasset Boys Varsity Cross Country Team and Coaches Steve Steiner and Kevin Kearney upon the occasion of capturing the New York State Class B Championship. Description: Congratulating the Manhasset Boys Varsity Cross Country Team and Coaches Steve Steiner and Kevin Kearney upon the occasion of capturing the New York State Class B Championship

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Long Island Hebrew Academy upon the occasion of celebrating its 25th Anniversary on December 3, 2024, and paying tribute to this year's honorees. Description: Commending Long Island Hebrew Academy upon the occasion of celebrating its 25th Anniversary on December 3, 2024, and paying tribute to this year's honorees

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Roslyn Varsity Boys Volleyball Team and Head Coach Mark Steinmuller upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 Nassau County Division 2B Championship. Description: Congratulating the Roslyn Varsity Boys Volleyball Team and Head Coach Mark Steinmuller upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 Nassau County Division 2B Championship

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the New York Liberty upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 Women's National Basketball Association Championship. Description: Congratulating the New York Liberty upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 Women's National Basketball Association Championship

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating New York Liberty's Sabrina Ionescu and Breanna Stewart upon the occasion of capturing the Gold Medal as members of the United States Women's Basketball Team at the Paris 2024 Olympic Games. Description: Congratulating New York Liberty's Sabrina Ionescu and Breanna Stewart upon the occasion of capturing the Gold Medal as members of the United States Women's Basketball Team at the Paris 2024 Olympic Games

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating New York Liberty's Sandy Brondello upon the occasion of capturing the Bronze Medal as Coach of the Australian Women's National Basketball Team at the Paris 2024 Olympic Games. Description: Congratulating New York Liberty's Sandy Brondello upon the occasion of capturing the Bronze Medal as Coach of the Australian Women's National Basketball Team at the Paris 2024 Olympic Games

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of John H. Zurlo, distinguished citizen and devoted member of his community. Description: Mourning the death of John H. Zurlo, distinguished citizen and devoted member of his community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending George A. Ferone upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of the 36th Annual J. Walter Juckett Community Service Award by The Adirondack Regional Chamber of Commerce. Description: Commending George A. Ferone upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of the 36th Annual J. Walter Juckett Community Service Award by The Adirondack Regional Chamber of Commerce

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 195th Anniversary of the Town of Amboy, New York. Description: Commemorating the 195th Anniversary of the Town of Amboy, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 130th Anniversary of the Town of Ellisburg, New York. Description: Commemorating the 130th Anniversary of the Town of Ellisburg, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 125th Anniversary of the Town of Champion, New York, in 2025. Description: Commemorating the 125th Anniversary of the Town of Champion, New York, in 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 135th Anniversary of the City of Gloversville, New York. Description: Commemorating the 135th Anniversary of the City of Gloversville, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 130th Anniversary of the City of Johnstown, New York. Description: Commemorating the 130th Anniversary of the City of Johnstown, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 215th Anniversary of the Town of Antwerp, New York, in 2025. Description: Commemorating the 215th Anniversary of the Town of Antwerp, New York, in 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 200th Anniversary of the Town of Sandy Creek, New York, in 2025. Description: Commemorating the 200th Anniversary of the Town of Sandy Creek, New York, in 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 100th Anniversary of the Village of Speculator, New York. Description: Commemorating the 100th Anniversary of the Village of Speculator, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of the Town of Redfield, New York. Description: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of the Town of Redfield, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of the Town of Watertown, New York, in 2025. Description: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of the Town of Watertown, New York, in 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 175th Anniversary of the Town of Montague, New York. Description: Commemorating the 175th Anniversary of the Town of Montague, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 220th Anniversary of the Town of Wells, New York. Description: Commemorating the 220th Anniversary of the Town of Wells, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of the Town of Lowville, New York. Description: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of the Town of Lowville, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 135th Anniversary of the Village of Middleville, New York. Description: Commemorating the 135th Anniversary of the Village of Middleville, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 195th Anniversary of the Town of West Turin, New York. Description: Commemorating the 195th Anniversary of the Town of West Turin, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 130th Anniversary of the City of Little Falls, New York. Description: Commemorating the 130th Anniversary of the City of Little Falls, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 200th Anniversary of the Town of De Peyster, New York, in 2025. Description: Commemorating the 200th Anniversary of the Town of De Peyster, New York, in 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Stalking Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Stalking Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 26-February 1, 2025, as Physician Anesthesiologists Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 26-February 1, 2025, as Physician Anesthesiologists Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Wildfire Safety Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Wildfire Safety Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 14, 2025, as World Diabetes Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 14, 2025, as World Diabetes Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 2025, as Cyber Security Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 2025, as Cyber Security Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 7, 2025, as Grandparents Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 7, 2025, as Grandparents Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 12, 2025, as Women's Checkup Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 12, 2025, as Women's Checkup Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Peripheral Arterial Disease Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Peripheral Arterial Disease Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 21, 2025, as Acute Myeloid Leukemia Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 21, 2025, as Acute Myeloid Leukemia Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 1, 2025, as International Day of Older Persons in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 1, 2025, as International Day of Older Persons in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 2025, as Deep Vein Thrombosis and Pulmonary Embolism Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 2025, as Deep Vein Thrombosis and Pulmonary Embolism Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 10, 2025, as Mental Health Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 10, 2025, as Mental Health Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim July 2025, as Fibroid Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim July 2025, as Fibroid Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 59th Anniversary of the Independence of Guyana. Description: Commemorating the 59th Anniversary of the Independence of Guyana

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 10, 2025, as Encourage a Young Writer Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 10, 2025, as Encourage a Young Writer Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 55th Anniversary of Earth Day on April 22, 2025. Description: Commemorating the 55th Anniversary of Earth Day on April 22, 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 2025, as Pulmonary Hypertension Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 2025, as Pulmonary Hypertension Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 2025, as Sexual Assault Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 2025, as Sexual Assault Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 2025, as Diabetic Eye Disease Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 2025, as Diabetic Eye Disease Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 20-26, 2025, as Volunteer Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 20-26, 2025, as Volunteer Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 17-23, 2025, as Hunger and Homelessness Awareness Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 17-23, 2025, as Hunger and Homelessness Awareness Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 31st Anniversary of Jumpstart on April 11, 2025. Description: Commemorating the 31st Anniversary of Jumpstart on April 11, 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 28, 2025, as World Hunger Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 28, 2025, as World Hunger Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 11-17, 2025, as Black Maternal Health Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 11-17, 2025, as Black Maternal Health Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 2, 2025, as World Wetlands Day. Description: Recognizing February 2, 2025, as World Wetlands Day

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 55th Anniversary of Guyana becoming a Republic on February 24, 2025. Description: Commemorating the 55th Anniversary of Guyana becoming a Republic on February 24, 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 21-25, 2025, as Every Kid Healthy Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 21-25, 2025, as Every Kid Healthy Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 33rd Anniversary of Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Awareness Day in the State of New York. Description: Commemorating the 33rd Anniversary of Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Awareness Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 28, 2025, as Rare Disease Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 28, 2025, as Rare Disease Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Recognizing April 29, 2025, as World Wish Day. Description: Recognizing April 29, 2025, as World Wish Day

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Blood Cancer Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Blood Cancer Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Mental Health Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Mental Health Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim June 1-7, 2025, as Hidradenitis Suppurativa Awareness Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim June 1-7, 2025, as Hidradenitis Suppurativa Awareness Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 12-18, 2025, as Period Poverty Awareness Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 12-18, 2025, as Period Poverty Awareness Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim August 26, 2025, as Women's Equality Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim August 26, 2025, as Women's Equality Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 22-28, 2025, as Doula Week in the State of New York, in conjunction with the observance of World Doula Week. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 22-28, 2025, as Doula Week in the State of New York, in conjunction with the observance of World Doula Week

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim June 5, 2025, as World Environment Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim June 5, 2025, as World Environment Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim December 3, 2025, as International Day of Persons with Disabilities in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim December 3, 2025, as International Day of Persons with Disabilities in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim 8:30 PM - 9:30 PM on March 22, 2025, as Earth Hour in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim 8:30 PM - 9:30 PM on March 22, 2025, as Earth Hour in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 6, 2025, as Nurses Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 6, 2025, as Nurses Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Recognizing September 22, 2025, as National Centenarian Day in the State of New York. Description: Recognizing September 22, 2025, as National Centenarian Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 6, 2025, as Child Health Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 6, 2025, as Child Health Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim June 1, 2025, as Cancer Survivors Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim June 1, 2025, as Cancer Survivors Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 2025, as Domestic Violence Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 2025, as Domestic Violence Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 5-9, 2025, as Teacher Appreciation Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 5-9, 2025, as Teacher Appreciation Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating June 14, 2025, as Flag Day. Description: Commemorating June 14, 2025, as Flag Day

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 2025, as Healthy Skin Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 2025, as Healthy Skin Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 2025, as Esophageal Cancer Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 2025, as Esophageal Cancer Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 25, 2025, as Malaria Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 25, 2025, as Malaria Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Recognizing March 3, 2025, as World Hearing Day. Description: Recognizing March 3, 2025, as World Hearing Day

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 14, 2025, as Donor Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 14, 2025, as Donor Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Gynecologic Cancer Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Gynecologic Cancer Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 2025, as Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 2025, as Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 30, 2025, as Denim Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 30, 2025, as Denim Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Older Americans Month in the State of New York, in conjunction with the observance of National Older Americans Month. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Older Americans Month in the State of New York, in conjunction with the observance of National Older Americans Month

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 2025, as Sarcoidosis Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 2025, as Sarcoidosis Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 18, 2025, as School Backpack Awareness Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 18, 2025, as School Backpack Awareness Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 15, 2025, as Global Accessibility Awareness Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 15, 2025, as Global Accessibility Awareness Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 22, 2025, as Doula Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 22, 2025, as Doula Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 24-30, 2025, as Immunization Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 24-30, 2025, as Immunization Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Grenada, Carriacou & Petite Martinique upon the occasion of its 51st Anniversary of Independence. Description: Commending Grenada, Carriacou & Petite Martinique upon the occasion of its 51st Anniversary of Independence

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 28, 2025, as Senior Health & Fitness Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 28, 2025, as Senior Health & Fitness Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 31, 2025, as Save Your Hearing Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 31, 2025, as Save Your Hearing Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Alopecia Areata Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Alopecia Areata Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Martin R. Horanburg Sr., distinguished citizen, fire chief, and devoted member of his community. Description: Mourning the death of Martin R. Horanburg Sr., distinguished citizen, fire chief, and devoted member of his community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 6-12, 2025, as Nurses Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 6-12, 2025, as Nurses Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 8, 2025, as Snowmobile Ride Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 8, 2025, as Snowmobile Ride Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 2025, as Polish American Heritage Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 2025, as Polish American Heritage Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 11-17, 2025, as Police Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 11-17, 2025, as Police Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 6-12, 2025, as Physician Assistant Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 6-12, 2025, as Physician Assistant Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 19-25, 2025, as Emergency Medical Services Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 19-25, 2025, as Emergency Medical Services Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 30, 2025, as Doctors' Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 30, 2025, as Doctors' Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 4-10, 2025, as Correctional Officers and Employees Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 4-10, 2025, as Correctional Officers and Employees Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Preparedness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Preparedness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 14-20, 2025, as Sheriff's Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 14-20, 2025, as Sheriff's Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating Fayth Goodspeed of Niskayuna High School upon the occasion of capturing the Girls 100 Yard Breaststroke title at the NYSPHSAA Girls Swimming and Diving Championship on November 23, 2024. Description: Congratulating Fayth Goodspeed of Niskayuna High School upon the occasion of capturing the Girls 100 Yard Breaststroke title at the NYSPHSAA Girls Swimming and Diving Championship on November 23, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 15, 2025, as National School Resource Officer Appreciation Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 15, 2025, as National School Resource Officer Appreciation Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Hamilton Central High School Boys Varsity Soccer Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 NYSPHSAA Soccer Class D Championship on November 16, 2024. Description: Congratulating the Hamilton Central High School Boys Varsity Soccer Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 NYSPHSAA Soccer Class D Championship on November 16, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating Sergeant Station Commander David N. Olney, upon the occasion of his retirement, after 37 years of distinguished service to the field of law enforcement. Description: Congratulating Sergeant Station Commander David N. Olney, upon the occasion of his retirement, after 37 years of distinguished service to the field of law enforcement

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Wanda Bruchis for her many years of devoted service to the Mid York Library System and her beloved community. Description: Commending Wanda Bruchis for her many years of devoted service to the Mid York Library System and her beloved community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 200th Anniversary of Revolutionary War General Marquis de Lafayette's visit to Rome, Oriskany, Whitestown, and Utica, New York on June 25, 2025. Description: Commemorating the 200th Anniversary of Revolutionary War General Marquis de Lafayette's visit to Rome, Oriskany, Whitestown, and Utica, New York on June 25, 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating Judge Michael L. Dwyer, upon the occasion of his retirement, after 28 years of distinguished service to the Oneida County Court in Utica, New York. Description: Congratulating Judge Michael L. Dwyer, upon the occasion of his retirement, after 28 years of distinguished service to the Oneida County Court in Utica, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 200th Anniversary of the Zion Episcopal Church of Rome, New York. Description: Commemorating the 200th Anniversary of the Zion Episcopal Church of Rome, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Kenneth C. Thayer posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Kenneth C. Thayer posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 65th Anniversary of the Lake Delta Kiwanis Club of Rome, New York. Description: Commemorating the 65th Anniversary of the Lake Delta Kiwanis Club of Rome, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim June 19, 2025, as World Sickle Cell Disease Awareness Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim June 19, 2025, as World Sickle Cell Disease Awareness Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating Earl Davis upon the occasion of his retirement after more than 30 years of distinguished service as a photojournalist for WKTV of Utica, New York. Description: Congratulating Earl Davis upon the occasion of his retirement after more than 30 years of distinguished service as a photojournalist for WKTV of Utica, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 75th Anniversary of WKTV on December 1, 2024. Description: Commemorating the 75th Anniversary of WKTV on December 1, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 25th Anniversary of CNY BMX on September 21, 2024. Description: Commemorating the 25th Anniversary of CNY BMX on September 21, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Honoring Chief David M. Reynolds upon the occasion of the naming of a park in New Hartford, New York, in recognition of his remarkable life. Description: Honoring Chief David M. Reynolds upon the occasion of the naming of a park in New Hartford, New York, in recognition of his remarkable life

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 40th Anniversary of Coldwell Banker Faith Properties. Description: Commemorating the 40th Anniversary of Coldwell Banker Faith Properties

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 75th Anniversary of Deerfield Volunteer Fire Company, Inc.. Description: Commemorating the 75th Anniversary of Deerfield Volunteer Fire Company, Inc.

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating Investigator Mark VanNamee upon the occasion of his retirement from the Oneida County Sheriff's Office after 25 years of highly decorated service. Description: Congratulating Investigator Mark VanNamee upon the occasion of his retirement from the Oneida County Sheriff's Office after 25 years of highly decorated service

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Dr. Michael Kelberman upon the occasion of his induction into the 2024 Oneida County Historical Richard W. Couper Living Legends Hall of Fame on October 10, 2024. Description: Commending Dr. Michael Kelberman upon the occasion of his induction into the 2024 Oneida County Historical Richard W. Couper Living Legends Hall of Fame on October 10, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Honoring Karen E. Roth, Chief Engineer for the Air Force Research Laboratory in Rome, New York, upon the occasion of being appointed President of the Society of Women Engineers. Description: Honoring Karen E. Roth, Chief Engineer for the Air Force Research Laboratory in Rome, New York, upon the occasion of being appointed President of the Society of Women Engineers

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Michael "Doc" Woods upon the occasion of his induction into the 2024 Oneida County Historical Richard W. Couper Living Legends Hall of Fame on October 10, 2024. Description: Commending Michael "Doc" Woods upon the occasion of his induction into the 2024 Oneida County Historical Richard W. Couper Living Legends Hall of Fame on October 10, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 100th Anniversary of Engler Electric, Inc., on July 26, 2024. Description: Commemorating the 100th Anniversary of Engler Electric, Inc., on July 26, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Lucretia DeSantis Hunt upon the occasion of her induction into the 2024 Oneida County Historical Richard W. Couper Living Legends Hall of Fame on October 10, 2024. Description: Commending Lucretia DeSantis Hunt upon the occasion of her induction into the 2024 Oneida County Historical Richard W. Couper Living Legends Hall of Fame on October 10, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Bonny Niles upon the occasion of her induction into the 2024 Oneida County Historical Richard W. Couper Living Legends Hall of Fame on October 10, 2024. Description: Commending Bonny Niles upon the occasion of her induction into the 2024 Oneida County Historical Richard W. Couper Living Legends Hall of Fame on October 10, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 40th Anniversary of Harpoon Eddie's Restaurant of Sylvan Beach, New York. Description: Commemorating the 40th Anniversary of Harpoon Eddie's Restaurant of Sylvan Beach, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of First Congregational Church of Bridgewater, New York. Description: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of First Congregational Church of Bridgewater, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 90th Anniversary of Eddie's Restaurant of Sylvan Beach, New York. Description: Commemorating the 90th Anniversary of Eddie's Restaurant of Sylvan Beach, New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 16, 2025, as Bike to Work Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 16, 2025, as Bike to Work Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Firefighter Edward Pavlot upon the occasion of his designation for special recognition after 60 years of dedicated service to Bridgewater Volunteer Fire Company. Description: Commending Firefighter Edward Pavlot upon the occasion of his designation for special recognition after 60 years of dedicated service to Bridgewater Volunteer Fire Company

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 100th Anniversary of the Oneida Area Zonta Club on June 1, 2024. Description: Commemorating the 100th Anniversary of the Oneida Area Zonta Club on June 1, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating Donald Cantwell, of Barneveld, New York, upon the occasion of celebrating his 100th Birthday on July 14, 2024. Description: Congratulating Donald Cantwell, of Barneveld, New York, upon the occasion of celebrating his 100th Birthday on July 14, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 110th Anniversary of Matt Funeral Service, Inc.. Description: Commemorating the 110th Anniversary of Matt Funeral Service, Inc.

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 90th anniversary of Clinton Garden Club in 2024. Description: Commemorating the 90th anniversary of Clinton Garden Club in 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Recognizing the city of Rome, New York upon the occasion of hosting its 2nd Annual Puerto Rico Constitution Day Celebration on July 13, 2024. Description: Recognizing the city of Rome, New York upon the occasion of hosting its 2nd Annual Puerto Rico Constitution Day Celebration on July 13, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Honoring Richard P. Creedon upon the occasion of his retirement after 26 years of distinguished service to Utica National Insurance. Description: Honoring Richard P. Creedon upon the occasion of his retirement after 26 years of distinguished service to Utica National Insurance

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of the First Presbyterian Church of Cazenovia on June 16, 2024. Description: Commemorating the 225th Anniversary of the First Presbyterian Church of Cazenovia on June 16, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 60th Anniversary of Edwards Ambulance, Inc.. Description: Commemorating the 60th Anniversary of Edwards Ambulance, Inc.

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating Mr. and Mrs. Alan Swierczek upon the occasion of celebrating their 50th Wedding Anniversary. Description: Congratulating Mr. and Mrs. Alan Swierczek upon the occasion of celebrating their 50th Wedding Anniversary

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating Sidney J. DeRollo upon the occasion of celebrating his 100th Birthday on October 27, 2024. Description: Congratulating Sidney J. DeRollo upon the occasion of celebrating his 100th Birthday on October 27, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Michael Bosak upon the occasion of his induction into the 2024 Oneida County Historical Richard W. Couper Living Legends Hall of Fame on October 10, 2024. Description: Commending Michael Bosak upon the occasion of his induction into the 2024 Oneida County Historical Richard W. Couper Living Legends Hall of Fame on October 10, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Recognizing January 24, 2025, as International Day of Education. Description: Recognizing January 24, 2025, as International Day of Education

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Crystie Weigand upon the occasion of her designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Crystie Weigand upon the occasion of her designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Tom Drumm upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Tom Drumm upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending Charles D. Eells posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate. Description: Commending Charles D. Eells posthumously upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of a Liberty Medal, the highest honor bestowed upon an individual by the New York State Senate

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Celebrating Ruby Bridges Walk to School Day on November 14, 2025, in recognition of Ruby Bridges' historic contributions to the Civil Rights Movement. Description: Celebrating Ruby Bridges Walk to School Day on November 14, 2025, in recognition of Ruby Bridges' historic contributions to the Civil Rights Movement

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Dr. Elizabeth Nunez and honoring her remarkable life, literary contributions, and dedication to education and the promotion of Black writers. Description: Mourning the death of Dr. Elizabeth Nunez and honoring her remarkable life, literary contributions, and dedication to education and the promotion of Black writers

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Recognizing February 1, 2025, as National Freedom Day. Description: Recognizing February 1, 2025, as National Freedom Day

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Mental Health Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Mental Health Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim June 6, 2025, as Gun Violence Awareness Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim June 6, 2025, as Gun Violence Awareness Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 18, 2025, as Haitian Unity Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 18, 2025, as Haitian Unity Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 30, 2025, as World Bipolar Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 30, 2025, as World Bipolar Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Recognizing May 10, 2025, as World Lupus Day. Description: Recognizing May 10, 2025, as World Lupus Day

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 20-26, 2025, as Administrative Professionals Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 20-26, 2025, as Administrative Professionals Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 1-7, 2025, as Testicular Cancer Awareness Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 1-7, 2025, as Testicular Cancer Awareness Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Teen Pregnancy Prevention Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 2025, as Teen Pregnancy Prevention Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 7-13, 2025, as Public Health Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 7-13, 2025, as Public Health Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Gail Nesbit Coward, distinguished citizen and devoted member of her community. Description: Mourning the death of Gail Nesbit Coward, distinguished citizen and devoted member of her community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 1-7, 2025, as Hurricane Preparedness Week in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim May 1-7, 2025, as Hurricane Preparedness Week in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 29, 2025, as Eid al-Fitr Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 29, 2025, as Eid al-Fitr Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 20, 2025, as Transgender Day of Remembrance in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim November 20, 2025, as Transgender Day of Remembrance in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Reverend Doctor Jerry B. West Sr., distinguished citizen, man of faith, and devoted member of his community. Description: Mourning the death of Reverend Doctor Jerry B. West Sr., distinguished citizen, man of faith, and devoted member of his community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 75th Anniversary of Eck Plastic Arts. Description: Commemorating the 75th Anniversary of Eck Plastic Arts

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Byron-Bergen Girls Varsity Soccer Team upon the occasion of winning the New York State Public High School Athletic Association Class C State Championship title on November 17, 2024. Description: Congratulating the Byron-Bergen Girls Varsity Soccer Team upon the occasion of winning the New York State Public High School Athletic Association Class C State Championship title on November 17, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Candor Junior-Senior High School Girls' Volleyball Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 NYSPHSAA Section IV Class D Championship. Description: Congratulating the Candor Junior-Senior High School Girls' Volleyball Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 NYSPHSAA Section IV Class D Championship

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Lou Carnesecca, distinguished citizen and devoted member of his community. Description: Mourning the death of Lou Carnesecca, distinguished citizen and devoted member of his community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 2025, as Marfan Syndrome Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 2025, as Marfan Syndrome Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Clymer/Sherman/Panama High School Football Team upon the occasion of winning the New York State Public High School Athletic Association Class D State Championship Title on December 6, 2024. Description: Congratulating the Clymer/Sherman/Panama High School Football Team upon the occasion of winning the New York State Public High School Athletic Association Class D State Championship Title on December 6, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Celeste Alma Patton, distinguished citizen and devoted member of her community. Description: Mourning the death of Celeste Alma Patton, distinguished citizen and devoted member of her community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 29, 2025, as Vietnam Veterans Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 29, 2025, as Vietnam Veterans Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Willis H. Stephens, distinguished citizen, proud veteran, and devoted New York State Assemblyman. Description: Mourning the death of Willis H. Stephens, distinguished citizen, proud veteran, and devoted New York State Assemblyman

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Marie A. Paprocki, devoted mother, distinguished citizen, and dedicated member of her community. Description: Mourning the death of Marie A. Paprocki, devoted mother, distinguished citizen, and dedicated member of her community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Robert James Linkenhoker, renowned firefighter, distinguished citizen, and devoted member of his community. Description: Mourning the death of Robert James Linkenhoker, renowned firefighter, distinguished citizen, and devoted member of his community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 27, 2025, as Holocaust Remembrance Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 27, 2025, as Holocaust Remembrance Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 25, 2025, as Bangladeshi Immigrant Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 25, 2025, as Bangladeshi Immigrant Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Honoring Carlos Enrique Mendoza upon the occasion of becoming the first Rookie Manager in New York Mets history to make it to the postseason. Description: Honoring Carlos Enrique Mendoza upon the occasion of becoming the first Rookie Manager in New York Mets history to make it to the postseason

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Honoring Francisco Miguel Lindor Serrano upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of his fourth Silver Slugger Award by Major League Baseball. Description: Honoring Francisco Miguel Lindor Serrano upon the occasion of his designation as recipient of his fourth Silver Slugger Award by Major League Baseball

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 14, 2025, as Bangla New Year Day in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 14, 2025, as Bangla New Year Day in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 181st Anniversary of the Independence of the Dominican Republic to be celebrated on February 27, 2025. Description: Commemorating the 181st Anniversary of the Independence of the Dominican Republic to be celebrated on February 27, 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Mourning the death of Arthur O. Eve Jr., distinguished citizen and devoted member of his community. Description: Mourning the death of Arthur O. Eve Jr., distinguished citizen and devoted member of his community

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 2025, as Pedestrian Safety Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim October 2025, as Pedestrian Safety Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Dystonia Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim September 2025, as Dystonia Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 2025, as Brain Injury Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim March 2025, as Brain Injury Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 2025, as Distracted Driving Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim April 2025, as Distracted Driving Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating August 26, 2025, as National Dog Day. Description: Commemorating August 26, 2025, as National Dog Day

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 2025, as Teach CTE Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim February 2025, as Teach CTE Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 26th Annual World Falun Dafa Day Celebration, to be observed May 13, 2025. Description: Commemorating the 26th Annual World Falun Dafa Day Celebration, to be observed May 13, 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Burnt Hills-Ballston Lake Field Hockey Team and Head Coach Kelly Vrooman upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 Class B NYSPHSAA Field Hockey Championship. Description: Congratulating the Burnt Hills-Ballston Lake Field Hockey Team and Head Coach Kelly Vrooman upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 Class B NYSPHSAA Field Hockey Championship

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Congratulating the Portville High School Girls Varsity Volleyball Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 New York State Class C Championship. Description: Congratulating the Portville High School Girls Varsity Volleyball Team upon the occasion of capturing the 2024 New York State Class C Championship

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Cervical Cancer Awareness Month in the State of New York. Description: Memorializing Governor Kathy Hochul to proclaim January 2025, as Cervical Cancer Awareness Month in the State of New York

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the 110th Anniversary of the Sylvan Beach Fire Department. Description: Commemorating the 110th Anniversary of the Sylvan Beach Fire Department

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commending the Utica Public Library upon the occasion of celebrating its 120th Anniversary on December 12, 2024. Description: Commending the Utica Public Library upon the occasion of celebrating its 120th Anniversary on December 12, 2024

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Commemorating the observance of the 40th Annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Day in the State of New York, on January 20, 2025. Description: Commemorating the observance of the 40th Annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Day in the State of New York, on January 20, 2025

In 2025, New York passed a bill titled: Implements, pursuant to and in compliance with the provisions of article seven of the Public Officers Law, a system of videoconferencing to conduct meetings. Description: Implements, pursuant to and in compliance with the provisions of article seven of the Public Officers Law, a system of videoconferencing to conduct meetings

