Below are the bills that have been engrossed, enrolled, or passed in the state of New Jersey:
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns licensing of security officer companies.. Description: Concerns licensing of security officer companies.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Reforms municipal responsibilities concerning provision of affordable housing; abolishes COAH; appropriates $16 million.. Description: Reforms municipal responsibilities concerning provision of affordable housing; abolishes COAH; appropriates $16 million.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes CRDA to finance transportation projects between Atlantic City Airport and Atlantic City Tourism District.. Description: Authorizes CRDA to finance transportation projects between Atlantic City Airport and Atlantic City Tourism District.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires health insurance carriers, health care providers, and hospitals and health care facilities to change manner of communications of protected health information under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires health insurance carriers, health care providers, and hospitals and health care facilities to change manner of communications of protected health information under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public water systems to provide certain notice of boil water notices.. Description: Requires public water systems to provide certain notice of boil water notices.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus property certain land and improvements in Township of Morris in Morris County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus property certain land and improvements in Township of Morris in Morris County.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Ensuring Transparency in Prior Authorization Act.". Description: "Ensuring Transparency in Prior Authorization Act."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits excused absences for students who attend civic events.. Description: Permits excused absences for students who attend civic events.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State agencies update demographic data collection methods on Asian, Native Hawaiian, Pacific Islander, Middle Eastern, North African, and South Asian and Indian Diaspora residents of this State.. Description: Requires State agencies update demographic data collection methods on Asian, Native Hawaiian, Pacific Islander, Middle Eastern, North African, and South Asian and Indian Diaspora residents of this State.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes court to include in domestic violence restraining orders a provision making the order applicable to a pregnant victim's child upon birth of the child.. Description: Authorizes court to include in domestic violence restraining orders a provision making the order applicable to a pregnant victim's child upon birth of the child.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires transportation network company drivers to complete anti-human trafficking training course.. Description: Requires transportation network company drivers to complete anti-human trafficking training course.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs DEP to develop guidelines concerning State and local government purchase of goods made from recycled material.. Description: Directs DEP to develop guidelines concerning State and local government purchase of goods made from recycled material.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes uptime requirement for electric vehicle charging station incentive programs.. Description: Establishes uptime requirement for electric vehicle charging station incentive programs.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends certain requirements for installation of electric vehicle supply equipment and Make-Ready parking spaces.. Description: Amends certain requirements for installation of electric vehicle supply equipment and Make-Ready parking spaces.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits deputy county clerks and municipal clerks to perform marriages and civil unions.. Description: Permits deputy county clerks and municipal clerks to perform marriages and civil unions.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns certification of tax collectors.. Description: Concerns certification of tax collectors.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "New Townhouse Fire Safety Act"; requires automatic fire sprinkler systems in new townhomes.. Description: "New Townhouse Fire Safety Act"; requires automatic fire sprinkler systems in new townhomes.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates portion of State Highway Route 71 as "John Tarantino Highway.". Description: Designates portion of State Highway Route 71 as "John Tarantino Highway."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides that 10-year term does not apply to lease of certain municipal properties unless they are waterfront properties or related to waterfront concessions.. Description: Provides that 10-year term does not apply to lease of certain municipal properties unless they are waterfront properties or related to waterfront concessions.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends period of usefulness of fire engines for bonding purposes from 10 to 20 years; eliminates exclusion of passenger cars and station wagons.. Description: Extends period of usefulness of fire engines for bonding purposes from 10 to 20 years; eliminates exclusion of passenger cars and station wagons.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public institutions of higher education to establish plans concerning cyber security and prevention of cyber attacks.. Description: Requires public institutions of higher education to establish plans concerning cyber security and prevention of cyber attacks.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits online purchase of eligible food using WIC fund for grocery delivery charges.. Description: Permits online purchase of eligible food using WIC fund for grocery delivery charges.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates State business assistance program to establish contracting agency procurement goals for socially and economically disadvantaged business enterprises.. Description: Creates State business assistance program to establish contracting agency procurement goals for socially and economically disadvantaged business enterprises.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes three-year sickle cell disease pilot program; appropriates $10,200,000.. Description: Establishes three-year sickle cell disease pilot program; appropriates $10,200,000.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain health care professionals to undergo bias training.. Description: Requires certain health care professionals to undergo bias training.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows for credit against contract cost for primary care services managed by health care provider for public employees and their dependents; allows referrals to other providers that have contractual relationship with such health care provider.. Description: Allows for credit against contract cost for primary care services managed by health care provider for public employees and their dependents; allows referrals to other providers that have contractual relationship with such health care provider.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends lists of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding by DEP under FY 2024 environmental infrastructure funding program.. Description: Amends lists of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding by DEP under FY 2024 environmental infrastructure funding program.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DMVA provide central registry of unclaimed cremains of veterans, spouses, and dependents; requires funeral director report to DMVA possession of unclaimed veteran, spouse, and dependent cremains.. Description: Requires DMVA provide central registry of unclaimed cremains of veterans, spouses, and dependents; requires funeral director report to DMVA possession of unclaimed veteran, spouse, and dependent cremains.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State agency to redact a person's handwritten signature prior to publishing documents on agency's Internet website.. Description: Requires State agency to redact a person's handwritten signature prior to publishing documents on agency's Internet website.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Pet Insurance Act.". Description: "Pet Insurance Act."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises method for appraisals of farmland to be acquired for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Revises method for appraisals of farmland to be acquired for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands eligibility for deer fencing grants to farmers leasing farmland.. Description: Expands eligibility for deer fencing grants to farmers leasing farmland.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires labeling of non-flushable disposable wipes.. Description: Requires labeling of non-flushable disposable wipes.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires water supplier to notify affected municipalities, school districts, charter schools, and nonpublic schools of violations of drinking water quality standards.. Description: Requires water supplier to notify affected municipalities, school districts, charter schools, and nonpublic schools of violations of drinking water quality standards.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits sale, manufacture, distribution, and use of firefighting foam containing intentionally added perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances; requires DEP to establish collection and disposal program; appropriates $250,000.. Description: Prohibits sale, manufacture, distribution, and use of firefighting foam containing intentionally added perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances; requires DEP to establish collection and disposal program; appropriates $250,000.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "VETeach Pilot Program" in DOE to facilitate teacher certification of veterans.. Description: Establishes "VETeach Pilot Program" in DOE to facilitate teacher certification of veterans.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DEP to consider potential impacts to natural resources when classifying dams according to hazard potential.. Description: Requires DEP to consider potential impacts to natural resources when classifying dams according to hazard potential.
In 2025, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "New Jersey Target Zero Commission.". Description: Establishes "New Jersey Target Zero Commission."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs DEP to take certain actions concerning identification and testing of microplastics in drinking water, and requires DEP and BPU to study and promote use of microplastics removal technologies.. Description: Directs DEP to take certain actions concerning identification and testing of microplastics in drinking water, and requires DEP and BPU to study and promote use of microplastics removal technologies.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes deadline for unaffiliated mail-in voters to declare their political party before primary election.. Description: Changes deadline for unaffiliated mail-in voters to declare their political party before primary election.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs BPU to conduct study to determine feasibility, marketability, and costs of implementing large-scale geothermal heat pump systems in State.. Description: Directs BPU to conduct study to determine feasibility, marketability, and costs of implementing large-scale geothermal heat pump systems in State.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Exempts receipts from sales of materials, supplies, and services for certain affordable housing projects from sales and use tax.. Description: Exempts receipts from sales of materials, supplies, and services for certain affordable housing projects from sales and use tax.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows certain licensees of New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling to teach in private schools of cosmetology and hairstyling.. Description: Allows certain licensees of New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling to teach in private schools of cosmetology and hairstyling.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits local government agency from employing person on paid leave from local government agency of another county or municipality.. Description: Prohibits local government agency from employing person on paid leave from local government agency of another county or municipality.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits certain mental health professionals working in school districts to refer or help facilitate referral of students to professional counselors.. Description: Permits certain mental health professionals working in school districts to refer or help facilitate referral of students to professional counselors.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Removes obstacles to teacher certification for certain teachers; repeals law establishing alternative certificate of eligibility.. Description: Removes obstacles to teacher certification for certain teachers; repeals law establishing alternative certificate of eligibility.
In 2025, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Makes disabled persons receiving disability payments pursuant to federal Railroad Retirement Act eligible to receive homestead property tax reimbursement.. Description: Makes disabled persons receiving disability payments pursuant to federal Railroad Retirement Act eligible to receive homestead property tax reimbursement.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Extends membership in TPAF to 10 years after discontinuance of service and to 15 years for those who were laid off or had 10 or more years of continuous service upon voluntary termination.. Description: Extends membership in TPAF to 10 years after discontinuance of service and to 15 years for those who were laid off or had 10 or more years of continuous service upon voluntary termination.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes extended terms for lease and purchase contracts for electric school buses; permits New Jersey School Boards Association to serve as government aggregator to obtain energy services for local units.. Description: Authorizes extended terms for lease and purchase contracts for electric school buses; permits New Jersey School Boards Association to serve as government aggregator to obtain energy services for local units.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases public bidding threshold for certain public research universities.. Description: Increases public bidding threshold for certain public research universities.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows licensed clinical social worker to directly bill NJ FamilyCare for covered services provided to program beneficiaries.. Description: Allows licensed clinical social worker to directly bill NJ FamilyCare for covered services provided to program beneficiaries.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Raises minimum amount of liability coverage for commercial motor vehicles to $1,500,000.. Description: Raises minimum amount of liability coverage for commercial motor vehicles to $1,500,000.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Enhances notice requirements and occupancy restrictions for hotels and multiple dwellings following determination of potentially hazardous condition.. Description: Enhances notice requirements and occupancy restrictions for hotels and multiple dwellings following determination of potentially hazardous condition.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits delivery of electronic smoking devices and tobacco products to individuals under 21 years of age.. Description: Prohibits delivery of electronic smoking devices and tobacco products to individuals under 21 years of age.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOH to conduct survey on status of antenatal and prenatal care clinics in New Jersey.. Description: Requires DOH to conduct survey on status of antenatal and prenatal care clinics in New Jersey.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Manufacturing in Higher Education Act"; requires various State entities to promote manufacturing career pathways for students and provides assistance to manufacturing industry.. Description: "Manufacturing in Higher Education Act"; requires various State entities to promote manufacturing career pathways for students and provides assistance to manufacturing industry.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires 60 day notice concerning tuition rate changes by licensed child care centers.. Description: Requires 60 day notice concerning tuition rate changes by licensed child care centers.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits sale of certain diet pills and dietary supplements for weight loss or muscle building to persons under 18 years of age under certain circumstances.. Description: Prohibits sale of certain diet pills and dietary supplements for weight loss or muscle building to persons under 18 years of age under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Department of Health to provide information to Statewide 2-1-1 telephone system regarding the location of safe disposal sites for hypodermic syringes and needles and prescription drugs.. Description: Requires Department of Health to provide information to Statewide 2-1-1 telephone system regarding the location of safe disposal sites for hypodermic syringes and needles and prescription drugs.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Consolidates and makes technical updates to certain definitions used in Title 26 of the Revised Statutes.. Description: Consolidates and makes technical updates to certain definitions used in Title 26 of the Revised Statutes.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires carriers to offer health care providers more than one method of payment for reimbursement.. Description: Requires carriers to offer health care providers more than one method of payment for reimbursement.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands exemptions from drug paraphernalia laws to also exempt certain harm reduction supplies.. Description: Expands exemptions from drug paraphernalia laws to also exempt certain harm reduction supplies.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Expands authority of pharmacy technician in administering drugs and vaccines and permits certain pharmacists and pharmacy interns, externs, and technicians to administer COVID-19 vaccine.. Description: Expands authority of pharmacy technician in administering drugs and vaccines and permits certain pharmacists and pharmacy interns, externs, and technicians to administer COVID-19 vaccine.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State government entities provide vital documents and translation services in 15 most common non-English languages.. Description: Requires State government entities provide vital documents and translation services in 15 most common non-English languages.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Modifies languages that examinations are to be conducted in for applicants seeking professional license issued by New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling.. Description: Modifies languages that examinations are to be conducted in for applicants seeking professional license issued by New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain boards of education to issue bonds to repair damages caused by natural disasters in certain circumstances.. Description: Authorizes certain boards of education to issue bonds to repair damages caused by natural disasters in certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $15,564,293 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.. Description: Appropriates $15,564,293 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires domestic violence orders to be issued in other languages in addition to English under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires domestic violence orders to be issued in other languages in addition to English under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Attorney General to perform outreach and provide services to victims of human trafficking under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires Attorney General to perform outreach and provide services to victims of human trafficking under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires AG to address human trafficking in underserved communities.. Description: Requires AG to address human trafficking in underserved communities.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DEP, DOH, owners or operators of certain public community water systems, and owners or operators of certain buildings or facilities to take certain actions to prevent and control cases of Legionnaires' disease.. Description: Requires DEP, DOH, owners or operators of certain public community water systems, and owners or operators of certain buildings or facilities to take certain actions to prevent and control cases of Legionnaires' disease.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOE to establish central registry of individuals and organizations interested in providing supplemental tutoring support to students.. Description: Requires DOE to establish central registry of individuals and organizations interested in providing supplemental tutoring support to students.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes One-Year State Work First New Jersey Menstrual Hygiene Benefit Pilot Program and State Work First New Jersey Diaper Benefit Pilot Program; appropriates $2.5 million to DHS.. Description: Establishes One-Year State Work First New Jersey Menstrual Hygiene Benefit Pilot Program and State Work First New Jersey Diaper Benefit Pilot Program; appropriates $2.5 million to DHS.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain health care facilities to develop certain doula policies and procedures.. Description: Requires certain health care facilities to develop certain doula policies and procedures.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs DOE and DOH to develop guidelines for school districts and institutions of higher education concerning student vaping awareness campaigns.. Description: Directs DOE and DOH to develop guidelines for school districts and institutions of higher education concerning student vaping awareness campaigns.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Center for Career Relevant Education and Talent Evaluation of New Jersey at Thomas Edison State University.. Description: Establishes Center for Career Relevant Education and Talent Evaluation of New Jersey at Thomas Edison State University.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies process for administrative appropriations to UEZs; makes appropriation.. Description: Clarifies process for administrative appropriations to UEZs; makes appropriation.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends certain accommodations implemented during COVID-19 public health emergency for businesses participating in State economic development programs.. Description: Extends certain accommodations implemented during COVID-19 public health emergency for businesses participating in State economic development programs.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates vote on school budgets for Type II school districts in April elections, except for separate proposals to spend above cap.. Description: Eliminates vote on school budgets for Type II school districts in April elections, except for separate proposals to spend above cap.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Exempts community gardens operating on-site composting systems or other systems of managing organic waste from certain DEP permits under certain conditions.. Description: Exempts community gardens operating on-site composting systems or other systems of managing organic waste from certain DEP permits under certain conditions.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Resiliency and Environmental System Investment Charge Program.". Description: Establishes "Resiliency and Environmental System Investment Charge Program."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DEP to prioritize funding for certain projects for acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes and certain environmental infrastructure projects that include, or allow for, flood mitigation projects.. Description: Requires DEP to prioritize funding for certain projects for acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes and certain environmental infrastructure projects that include, or allow for, flood mitigation projects.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes issuance of special license plates for alumni of four-year public institutions of higher education.. Description: Authorizes issuance of special license plates for alumni of four-year public institutions of higher education.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires MVC to provide customer service telephone number at motor vehicle inspection facilities.. Description: Requires MVC to provide customer service telephone number at motor vehicle inspection facilities.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes grants to purchase and rehabilitate abandoned homes for homeless veterans.. Description: Authorizes grants to purchase and rehabilitate abandoned homes for homeless veterans.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires institutions of higher education and government employers to provide certain students and employees with information about Public Service Loan Forgiveness program.. Description: Requires institutions of higher education and government employers to provide certain students and employees with information about Public Service Loan Forgiveness program.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DMVA notify certain veteran organizations and county officers and municipal registers of names of persons buried or cremated in State veteran cemeteries.. Description: Requires DMVA notify certain veteran organizations and county officers and municipal registers of names of persons buried or cremated in State veteran cemeteries.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain disclosures by sellers of single-family homes with solar panels installed.. Description: Requires certain disclosures by sellers of single-family homes with solar panels installed.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Removes expected family contribution from calculation of financial need under circumstances in which public institutions of higher education may reduce student's institutional financial aid.. Description: Removes expected family contribution from calculation of financial need under circumstances in which public institutions of higher education may reduce student's institutional financial aid.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits certain persons to operate Type S school buses.. Description: Permits certain persons to operate Type S school buses.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires outdoor lighting fixtures installed or replaced by, or on behalf of State, or at projects receiving State funds, to meet certain criteria.. Description: Requires outdoor lighting fixtures installed or replaced by, or on behalf of State, or at projects receiving State funds, to meet certain criteria.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises "New Jersey Money Transmitters Act"; provides consumer protections; increases reporting and record keeping requirements.. Description: Revises "New Jersey Money Transmitters Act"; provides consumer protections; increases reporting and record keeping requirements.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires HMFA to establish affordable housing insurance pilot program; appropriates $5 million.. Description: Requires HMFA to establish affordable housing insurance pilot program; appropriates $5 million.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Interagency Council on Homelessness.. Description: Establishes Interagency Council on Homelessness.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns structural integrity regulations for certain residential buildings.. Description: Concerns structural integrity regulations for certain residential buildings.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State Real Estate Appraiser Board to adopt alternative program to acquire experiential requirements for prospective real estate appraisers attempting to qualify for licensure or certification.. Description: Requires State Real Estate Appraiser Board to adopt alternative program to acquire experiential requirements for prospective real estate appraisers attempting to qualify for licensure or certification.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Codifies prohibition of discriminatory practices in real estate appraisals and requires real estate appraisers to complete anti-bias training.. Description: Codifies prohibition of discriminatory practices in real estate appraisals and requires real estate appraisers to complete anti-bias training.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Office of Learning Equity and Academic Recovery in DOE.. Description: Establishes Office of Learning Equity and Academic Recovery in DOE.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in Township of Woodbridge in Middlesex County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in Township of Woodbridge in Middlesex County.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits municipality to authorize municipal clerk to submit certain written statements concerning affordable housing.. Description: Permits municipality to authorize municipal clerk to submit certain written statements concerning affordable housing.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $650,000 to New Jersey Division of State Police for trooper recruitment and retention.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $650,000 to New Jersey Division of State Police for trooper recruitment and retention.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases traffic threshold for local installation of certain speed humps on certain local streets without DOT approval.. Description: Increases traffic threshold for local installation of certain speed humps on certain local streets without DOT approval.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Department of Agriculture to take various actions to publicize and promote community supported agriculture in New Jersey.. Description: Requires Department of Agriculture to take various actions to publicize and promote community supported agriculture in New Jersey.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires hazard mitigation plans to include climate change-related threat assessments and hazard prevention and mitigation strategies.. Description: Requires hazard mitigation plans to include climate change-related threat assessments and hazard prevention and mitigation strategies.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DEP and Drinking Water Quality Institute to perform study concerning regulation and treatment of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances.. Description: Requires DEP and Drinking Water Quality Institute to perform study concerning regulation and treatment of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes grant program for NJ YouthBuild programs through DOLWD; makes appropriation.. Description: Establishes grant program for NJ YouthBuild programs through DOLWD; makes appropriation.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes NJ State Parks and Open Space Foundation.. Description: Establishes NJ State Parks and Open Space Foundation.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Community Crisis Response Advisory Council and community crisis response teams pilot program; appropriates $10 million.. Description: Establishes Community Crisis Response Advisory Council and community crisis response teams pilot program; appropriates $10 million.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends definition of "participating county'' under County Option Hospital Fee Program.. Description: Amends definition of "participating county'' under County Option Hospital Fee Program.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires municipalities in compliance with affordable housing obligations be provided priority consideration for certain State grants and assistance.. Description: Requires municipalities in compliance with affordable housing obligations be provided priority consideration for certain State grants and assistance.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes special license plates for members of the United States Coast Guard.. Description: Authorizes special license plates for members of the United States Coast Guard.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires ingredients of menstrual products to be listed on package.. Description: Requires ingredients of menstrual products to be listed on package.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOH to study racial aspects of ovarian cancer.. Description: Requires DOH to study racial aspects of ovarian cancer.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires notification to consumers of collection and disclosure of personal data by certain entities.. Description: Requires notification to consumers of collection and disclosure of personal data by certain entities.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes taxicabs, limousines, and transportation network companies to provide paratransit services for two-year period.. Description: Authorizes taxicabs, limousines, and transportation network companies to provide paratransit services for two-year period.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends annual horse racing purse subsidies through State fiscal year 2029.. Description: Extends annual horse racing purse subsidies through State fiscal year 2029.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits legislative aide who works, or worked, directly for legislator in district office from making political contribution greater than $30 per election to that legislator; prohibits receipt of such contribution.. Description: Prohibits legislative aide who works, or worked, directly for legislator in district office from making political contribution greater than $30 per election to that legislator; prohibits receipt of such contribution.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Home Business Jobs Creation Act"; classifies certain home businesses as permitted accessory uses.. Description: "Home Business Jobs Creation Act"; classifies certain home businesses as permitted accessory uses.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes school district that moves its annual school election to November to submit separate proposals for additional spending for budget year and subsequent budget year.. Description: Authorizes school district that moves its annual school election to November to submit separate proposals for additional spending for budget year and subsequent budget year.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Renames, extends eligibility, and makes various other changes to Primary Care Practitioner Loan Redemption Program.. Description: Renames, extends eligibility, and makes various other changes to Primary Care Practitioner Loan Redemption Program.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Codifies and extends authorization for certain out-of-State health care practitioners and recent graduates of health care training programs to practice in New Jersey.. Description: Codifies and extends authorization for certain out-of-State health care practitioners and recent graduates of health care training programs to practice in New Jersey.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides DHS and State Board of Medical Examiners to develop and implement process to improve efficiency of reviewing NJ FamilyCare provider applications.. Description: Provides DHS and State Board of Medical Examiners to develop and implement process to improve efficiency of reviewing NJ FamilyCare provider applications.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires copies of certain law enforcement records to be provided to victims of domestic violence upon request.. Description: Requires copies of certain law enforcement records to be provided to victims of domestic violence upon request.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns New Jersey Civic Information Consortium.. Description: Concerns New Jersey Civic Information Consortium.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Enters NJ in Social Work Licensure Compact.. Description: Enters NJ in Social Work Licensure Compact.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes nonpublic school transportation program to provide funding to consortiums of nonpublic schools that will assume responsibility for mandated nonpublic school busing.. Description: Establishes nonpublic school transportation program to provide funding to consortiums of nonpublic schools that will assume responsibility for mandated nonpublic school busing.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits and imposes criminal penalty on disclosure of certain intentionally deceptive audio or visual media within 90 days of election.. Description: Prohibits and imposes criminal penalty on disclosure of certain intentionally deceptive audio or visual media within 90 days of election.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes regional authority to develop and operate regional rehabilitation and reentry center.. Description: Authorizes regional authority to develop and operate regional rehabilitation and reentry center.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Second Chance Program in charge of providing opportunities through labor organizations for formerly incarcerated individuals.. Description: Establishes Second Chance Program in charge of providing opportunities through labor organizations for formerly incarcerated individuals.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes funding to protect safety of cooperating witnesses; expands Crime Victim's Bill of Rights to provide these witnesses with certain guarantees.. Description: Authorizes funding to protect safety of cooperating witnesses; expands Crime Victim's Bill of Rights to provide these witnesses with certain guarantees.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows certain airports to carry over certain grant money into future years.. Description: Allows certain airports to carry over certain grant money into future years.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Enters New Jersey into Counseling Compact.. Description: Enters New Jersey into Counseling Compact.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for purchase of PFRS credit for service as class two special law enforcement officer.. Description: Provides for purchase of PFRS credit for service as class two special law enforcement officer.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits temporary appointment of additional members to the Board of Review in the Division of Employment Security.. Description: Permits temporary appointment of additional members to the Board of Review in the Division of Employment Security.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns licensure of persons rendering barbering services in another state or foreign country.. Description: Concerns licensure of persons rendering barbering services in another state or foreign country.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires disclosure of lead drinking water hazards to tenants of residential units; prohibits landlords from obstructing replacement of lead service lines; concerns testing of residential units for lead drinking water hazards.. Description: Requires disclosure of lead drinking water hazards to tenants of residential units; prohibits landlords from obstructing replacement of lead service lines; concerns testing of residential units for lead drinking water hazards.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Criminalizes failure to return erroneous person-to-person electronic payments following proper notification.. Description: Criminalizes failure to return erroneous person-to-person electronic payments following proper notification.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Human Services to request authorization for SNAP benefits to be used to pay delivery charges for online grocery purchases.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Human Services to request authorization for SNAP benefits to be used to pay delivery charges for online grocery purchases.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits governing body of municipalities having population of 30,000 or less to serve as local board of health; validates certain actions.. Description: Permits governing body of municipalities having population of 30,000 or less to serve as local board of health; validates certain actions.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires entities to remove abandoned lines and mark information on certain lines.. Description: Requires entities to remove abandoned lines and mark information on certain lines.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates Common Eastern Bumble Bee as New Jersey State Native Pollinator.. Description: Designates Common Eastern Bumble Bee as New Jersey State Native Pollinator.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes number of signatures required on primary election petition to nominate certain municipal candidates in certain municipalities.. Description: Changes number of signatures required on primary election petition to nominate certain municipal candidates in certain municipalities.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits designation of special event zones for traffic regulation purposes during certain large events.. Description: Permits designation of special event zones for traffic regulation purposes during certain large events.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes creation of special license plates commemorating horse as State animal.. Description: Authorizes creation of special license plates commemorating horse as State animal.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for reciprocity of certain out-of-State EMT certification; establishes criminal history record background check process.. Description: Provides for reciprocity of certain out-of-State EMT certification; establishes criminal history record background check process.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns keyless locking mechanisms and burglar's tools.. Description: Concerns keyless locking mechanisms and burglar's tools.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions of law governing construction of school facilities projects and operations of New Jersey Schools Development Authority; establishes "Charter School and Renaissance School Project Facilities Loan Program" in EDA.. Description: Revises various provisions of law governing construction of school facilities projects and operations of New Jersey Schools Development Authority; establishes "Charter School and Renaissance School Project Facilities Loan Program" in EDA.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises law establishing Office of Food Security Advocate, and establishes certain conditions for use of monies appropriated to emergency food organizations.. Description: Revises law establishing Office of Food Security Advocate, and establishes certain conditions for use of monies appropriated to emergency food organizations.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain nonpublic schools to provide meals to all students under "Working Class Families Anti-Hunger Act"; authorizes limited expansion of income eligibility to qualify public and nonpublic school students for free lunch.. Description: Requires certain nonpublic schools to provide meals to all students under "Working Class Families Anti-Hunger Act"; authorizes limited expansion of income eligibility to qualify public and nonpublic school students for free lunch.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes HMFA to issue tax credits for certain purposes.. Description: Authorizes HMFA to issue tax credits for certain purposes.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes position of Youth Disconnection Prevention and Recovery Ombudsperson; establishes "School Disconnection Prevention Task Force.". Description: Establishes position of Youth Disconnection Prevention and Recovery Ombudsperson; establishes "School Disconnection Prevention Task Force."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Special legislation to change name of "Township of South Orange Village" to "South Orange Village"; changes titles of certain municipal officials; permits nonpartisan municipal elections to be moved to November; permits stipend for governing body members.. Description: Special legislation to change name of "Township of South Orange Village" to "South Orange Village"; changes titles of certain municipal officials; permits nonpartisan municipal elections to be moved to November; permits stipend for governing body members.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires pay for extracurricular activities to be included in compensation for TPAF purposes.. Description: Requires pay for extracurricular activities to be included in compensation for TPAF purposes.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows projects supported by State or municipal affordable housing trust fund to be exempt from property tax and to instead contribute to municipal services by making payments in lieu of taxation.. Description: Allows projects supported by State or municipal affordable housing trust fund to be exempt from property tax and to instead contribute to municipal services by making payments in lieu of taxation.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies cap on fees imposed, and modifies definition of participating county, under "County Option Hospital Fee Program Act.". Description: Clarifies cap on fees imposed, and modifies definition of participating county, under "County Option Hospital Fee Program Act."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Women's Menstrual Health Program to identify and assist patients with symptoms related to endometriosis and polycystic ovary syndrome.. Description: Establishes Women's Menstrual Health Program to identify and assist patients with symptoms related to endometriosis and polycystic ovary syndrome.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Modifies regulation of student permits by NJ State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling and establishes oversight of individuals seeking employment as shampoo technicians.. Description: Modifies regulation of student permits by NJ State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling and establishes oversight of individuals seeking employment as shampoo technicians.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides gross income tax deduction to eligible educators and paraprofessionals for expense of classroom supplies.. Description: Provides gross income tax deduction to eligible educators and paraprofessionals for expense of classroom supplies.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Freedom to Read Act"; establishes requirements for library material in public school libraries and public libraries; protects school library staff members and librarians.. Description: "Freedom to Read Act"; establishes requirements for library material in public school libraries and public libraries; protects school library staff members and librarians.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises law concerning family leave to extend protection by reducing, over time, employee threshold from 30 employees to five employees in definition of employer.. Description: Revises law concerning family leave to extend protection by reducing, over time, employee threshold from 30 employees to five employees in definition of employer.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes protected leave under "Family Leave Act" and family temporary disability leave benefits for bereavement for death of child, miscarriage, stillbirth, and certain other circumstances.. Description: Establishes protected leave under "Family Leave Act" and family temporary disability leave benefits for bereavement for death of child, miscarriage, stillbirth, and certain other circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires child abuse reporting hotline maintained by DCPP to provide information on resources available to victims and families.. Description: Requires child abuse reporting hotline maintained by DCPP to provide information on resources available to victims and families.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes criminal penalties for production or dissemination of deceptive audio or visual media, commonly known as "deepfakes.". Description: Establishes criminal penalties for production or dissemination of deceptive audio or visual media, commonly known as "deepfakes."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes it fourth degree crime to engage in certain tracking and location activities.. Description: Makes it fourth degree crime to engage in certain tracking and location activities.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits dental service corporations to be subsidiaries of nonprofit parent companies.. Description: Permits dental service corporations to be subsidiaries of nonprofit parent companies.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires contract between certain governmental units and online parking payment service providers stipulate service provider not charge user during certain times.. Description: Requires contract between certain governmental units and online parking payment service providers stipulate service provider not charge user during certain times.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises process for property tax lien holder to foreclose right to redeem a property tax lien; allows property owner to protect remaining equity.. Description: Revises process for property tax lien holder to foreclose right to redeem a property tax lien; allows property owner to protect remaining equity.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires BPU to develop program to promote certain energy businesses in State.. Description: Requires BPU to develop program to promote certain energy businesses in State.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Home Security Systems Anti-Burglary Task Force.". Description: Establishes "Home Security Systems Anti-Burglary Task Force."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: The "New Jersey Online Foreclosure Sale Act;" permits online foreclosure sales for real property.. Description: The "New Jersey Online Foreclosure Sale Act;" permits online foreclosure sales for real property.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Bans certain children's products containing excessive amounts of lead, mercury, or cadmium.. Description: Bans certain children's products containing excessive amounts of lead, mercury, or cadmium.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits sale, distribution, and manufacture of jewelry containing cadmium.. Description: Prohibits sale, distribution, and manufacture of jewelry containing cadmium.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Differentiates certain legal services from traditional insurance products.. Description: Differentiates certain legal services from traditional insurance products.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends certain pay parity regarding telemedicine and telehealth until July 1, 2026.. Description: Extends certain pay parity regarding telemedicine and telehealth until July 1, 2026.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes certain medical billing requirements concerning specific nature of charges or expenses for health care services.. Description: Establishes certain medical billing requirements concerning specific nature of charges or expenses for health care services.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Louisa Carman Medical Debt Relief Act.". Description: "Louisa Carman Medical Debt Relief Act."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits dissemination of certain criminal history background information.. Description: Prohibits dissemination of certain criminal history background information.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates new level of barbering license and apprenticeships in barbering, and establishes limits to hours of instruction for certain barbering training.. Description: Creates new level of barbering license and apprenticeships in barbering, and establishes limits to hours of instruction for certain barbering training.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Amends certain fire safety statutes to update licensure and equipment requirements and liability, fee, and penalty provisions; expands membership of Fire Protection Equipment Advisory Committee.. Description: Amends certain fire safety statutes to update licensure and equipment requirements and liability, fee, and penalty provisions; expands membership of Fire Protection Equipment Advisory Committee.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires geotechnical testing and certain monitoring of transportation projects.. Description: Requires geotechnical testing and certain monitoring of transportation projects.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Mandates access to periodic cancer screening examinations for professional firefighters not enrolled in SHBP, but who are eligible for SHBP by virtue of public employment.. Description: Mandates access to periodic cancer screening examinations for professional firefighters not enrolled in SHBP, but who are eligible for SHBP by virtue of public employment.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Modifies regulation of mortuary science and establishes oversight of mortuary and embalming science.. Description: Modifies regulation of mortuary science and establishes oversight of mortuary and embalming science.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises laws concerning patient referrals to substance use disorder treatment facilities.. Description: Revises laws concerning patient referrals to substance use disorder treatment facilities.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits use of deceptive marketing practices by substance use disorder treatment providers.. Description: Prohibits use of deceptive marketing practices by substance use disorder treatment providers.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises "New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority Act," revises calculation of gas tax rate, and establishes annual fee for zero emission vehicles.. Description: Revises "New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority Act," revises calculation of gas tax rate, and establishes annual fee for zero emission vehicles.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State to sell as surplus property certain land and improvements in Morris County known as Central Park School.. Description: Requires State to sell as surplus property certain land and improvements in Morris County known as Central Park School.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Redirects portion of worker's unemployment compensation trust fund contribution to  unemployment compensation administration fund.. Description: Redirects portion of worker's unemployment compensation trust fund contribution to  unemployment compensation administration fund.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends certain accommodations for businesses participating in State economic development programs.. Description: Extends certain accommodations for businesses participating in State economic development programs.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises unemployment compensation law.. Description: Revises unemployment compensation law.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires upcoming Educational Adequacy Report to include comprehensive review of certain components of school funding in consultation with certain stakeholders and experts.. Description: Requires upcoming Educational Adequacy Report to include comprehensive review of certain components of school funding in consultation with certain stakeholders and experts.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Education to permit certain school districts losing State school aid to submit budgets after enactment of FY 2025 appropriations act.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Education to permit certain school districts losing State school aid to submit budgets after enactment of FY 2025 appropriations act.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows for natural organic reduction and controlled supervised decomposition of human remains.. Description: Allows for natural organic reduction and controlled supervised decomposition of human remains.
In 2025, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Expands services that can be provided by audiologists and hearing aid dispensers.. Description: Expands services that can be provided by audiologists and hearing aid dispensers.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires homemaker-home health aide and nursing assistant certification examinations to be translated into multiple languages.. Description: Requires homemaker-home health aide and nursing assistant certification examinations to be translated into multiple languages.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOH to develop informational materials on type 1 diabetes and DOE to distribute to parents and guardians of enrolled students.. Description: Requires DOH to develop informational materials on type 1 diabetes and DOE to distribute to parents and guardians of enrolled students.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits certified nurse aides to be employed as personal care assistants.. Description: Permits certified nurse aides to be employed as personal care assistants.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Stabilized School Budget Aid Grant Program to restore certain portions of State school aid reductions; permits certain school districts to exceed tax levy growth limitation in 2024-2025 school year; appropriates $44.7 million.. Description: Establishes Stabilized School Budget Aid Grant Program to restore certain portions of State school aid reductions; permits certain school districts to exceed tax levy growth limitation in 2024-2025 school year; appropriates $44.7 million.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies consent to being photographed, filmed, or recorded in a sexual manner does not include or imply consent to disclosure of image.. Description: Clarifies consent to being photographed, filmed, or recorded in a sexual manner does not include or imply consent to disclosure of image.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Protects access to assisted reproductive technology.. Description: Protects access to assisted reproductive technology.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises Statewide transfer agreements for transfer of academic credit and reverse credit at participating institutions of higher education; establishes New Jersey Transfer Ombudsperson within Office of Secretary of Higher Education.. Description: Revises Statewide transfer agreements for transfer of academic credit and reverse credit at participating institutions of higher education; establishes New Jersey Transfer Ombudsperson within Office of Secretary of Higher Education.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires NJEDA to establish loan program to assist beginning farmers in financing capital purchases.. Description: Requires NJEDA to establish loan program to assist beginning farmers in financing capital purchases.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes limits on transcript release restrictions at institutions of higher education and certain proprietary institutions.. Description: Establishes limits on transcript release restrictions at institutions of higher education and certain proprietary institutions.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates fee for special plates for firefighters and members of first aid or rescue squads.. Description: Eliminates fee for special plates for firefighters and members of first aid or rescue squads.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes exemption from ban on importation of woodchucks under certain circumstances.. Description: Establishes exemption from ban on importation of woodchucks under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Division of Travel and Tourism develop and maintain Internet website on historic sites, districts, and roadside markers.. Description: Requires Division of Travel and Tourism develop and maintain Internet website on historic sites, districts, and roadside markers.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Enters New Jersey into Interstate Physician Assistant Licensure Compact.. Description: Enters New Jersey into Interstate Physician Assistant Licensure Compact.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "New Jersey Design Professional Self-Certification Act"; requires DCA to establish design professional self-certification program.. Description: "New Jersey Design Professional Self-Certification Act"; requires DCA to establish design professional self-certification program.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Broadens types of contracts that educational research and service corporations may enter into on behalf of members; exempts those contracts from certain public bidding requirements.. Description: Broadens types of contracts that educational research and service corporations may enter into on behalf of members; exempts those contracts from certain public bidding requirements.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Mass Violence Care Fund.". Description: Establishes "Mass Violence Care Fund."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2025.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2025.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands prohibitions on employers concerning requirements for employees to attend or listen to communications related to political matters.. Description: Expands prohibitions on employers concerning requirements for employees to attend or listen to communications related to political matters.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DHS and DOH to study disordered eating; establishes "Disordered Eating Prevention Research Grant Pilot Program.". Description: Requires DHS and DOH to study disordered eating; establishes "Disordered Eating Prevention Research Grant Pilot Program."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires local unit to accept electronic payment of construction code fees.. Description: Requires local unit to accept electronic payment of construction code fees.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires notification of pet presence in seasonal rental unit.. Description: Requires notification of pet presence in seasonal rental unit.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows certain health care practitioners referrals to pharmacies to be made in accordance with certain professional standards.. Description: Allows certain health care practitioners referrals to pharmacies to be made in accordance with certain professional standards.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes exemptions and revises implementation timeline for requirement that newly constructed townhouses be installed with automatic fire sprinkler system.. Description: Establishes exemptions and revises implementation timeline for requirement that newly constructed townhouses be installed with automatic fire sprinkler system.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates statute of limitations on income tax assessments that arise out of erroneous refunds induced by fraud.. Description: Eliminates statute of limitations on income tax assessments that arise out of erroneous refunds induced by fraud.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes standards for court-ordered counseling for domestic violence offenders.. Description: Establishes standards for court-ordered counseling for domestic violence offenders.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for transportation infrastructure projects for FY2025; makes appropriation.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for transportation infrastructure projects for FY2025; makes appropriation.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Attorney General to conduct study tracking residential burglaries and issue guidance to law enforcement and public.. Description: Requires Attorney General to conduct study tracking residential burglaries and issue guidance to law enforcement and public.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows sentencing to extended term for repeat convictions of receipt of stolen property.. Description: Allows sentencing to extended term for repeat convictions of receipt of stolen property.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Limits negotiated plea agreements for crime of burglary when firearm involved.. Description: Limits negotiated plea agreements for crime of burglary when firearm involved.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes separate crime of burglary of residential dwelling.. Description: Establishes separate crime of burglary of residential dwelling.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises certain sections of law concerning financing mechanisms for school facilities projects of regular operating districts.. Description: Revises certain sections of law concerning financing mechanisms for school facilities projects of regular operating districts.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises definition of qualified assistance fund expenses under UEZ program to include costs of transportation infrastructure projects and related debt service.. Description: Revises definition of qualified assistance fund expenses under UEZ program to include costs of transportation infrastructure projects and related debt service.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands eligibility requirements of State's child care assistance program to include full-time graduate and post-graduate students.. Description: Expands eligibility requirements of State's child care assistance program to include full-time graduate and post-graduate students.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DCA to survey and report on special improvement districts and downtown business improvement zones.. Description: Requires DCA to survey and report on special improvement districts and downtown business improvement zones.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Makes various changes to powers and duties of NJ Infrastructure Bank.. Description: Makes various changes to powers and duties of NJ Infrastructure Bank.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $101,696,535 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for local government open space acquisition and park development projects; and for certain administrative expenses.. Description: Appropriates $101,696,535 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for local government open space acquisition and park development projects; and for certain administrative expenses.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for Community Hazard Assistance Mitigation Program projects for FY 2025.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for Community Hazard Assistance Mitigation Program projects for FY 2025.
In 2025, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Permits amusement games licenses to be issued to certain nonprofit organizations.. Description: Permits amusement games licenses to be issued to certain nonprofit organizations.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases hours required for individual to obtain licensure as teacher in cosmetology and hairstyling or as massage and bodywork therapist.. Description: Increases hours required for individual to obtain licensure as teacher in cosmetology and hairstyling or as massage and bodywork therapist.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows commercial farmer to be awarded reasonable costs and attorney fees for defending against bad faith complaints under "Right to Farm Act".. Description: Allows commercial farmer to be awarded reasonable costs and attorney fees for defending against bad faith complaints under "Right to Farm Act".
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies certain provisions of Historic Property Reinvestment and Brownfields Redevelopment Incentive programs.. Description: Modifies certain provisions of Historic Property Reinvestment and Brownfields Redevelopment Incentive programs.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires health benefits coverage for family planning and reproductive health care services, including early infancy care, without cost sharing.. Description: Requires health benefits coverage for family planning and reproductive health care services, including early infancy care, without cost sharing.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits social media platforms from promoting certain practices or features of eating disorders to child users.. Description: Prohibits social media platforms from promoting certain practices or features of eating disorders to child users.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Removes certain limitations on recovery for victims of certain sexual offenses.. Description: Removes certain limitations on recovery for victims of certain sexual offenses.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $56,635,803,000 in State funds and $27,501,993,844 in federal funds for the State budget for fiscal year 2025.. Description: Appropriates $56,635,803,000 in State funds and $27,501,993,844 in federal funds for the State budget for fiscal year 2025.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Phases out sales and use tax exemption on zero emission vehicles; repeals annual sales tax holiday for certain school supplies and sport or recreational equipment.. Description: Phases out sales and use tax exemption on zero emission vehicles; repeals annual sales tax holiday for certain school supplies and sport or recreational equipment.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Imposes 2.5 percent corporate transit fee on taxpayers with allocated taxable net income in excess of $10 million under CBT.. Description: Imposes 2.5 percent corporate transit fee on taxpayers with allocated taxable net income in excess of $10 million under CBT.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases annual assessment on net written premiums of HMOs from five percent to six percent.. Description: Increases annual assessment on net written premiums of HMOs from five percent to six percent.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises statutes implementing certain property tax relief programs pursuant to recommendations promulgated by Stay NJ Task Force.. Description: Revises statutes implementing certain property tax relief programs pursuant to recommendations promulgated by Stay NJ Task Force.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in City of Camden in Camden County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in City of Camden in Camden County.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $5 million to the Department of State for Cultural Projects.. Description: Appropriates $5 million to the Department of State for Cultural Projects.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands certain employer reporting requirements to include entities that employ or contract with individuals for financial compensation, including ride-sharing and delivery technology platforms.. Description: Expands certain employer reporting requirements to include entities that employ or contract with individuals for financial compensation, including ride-sharing and delivery technology platforms.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits purchase of service credit in SPRS for period of enrollment in military service academy and in New Jersey State Police Academy, and employment as class two special law enforcement officer.. Description: Permits purchase of service credit in SPRS for period of enrollment in military service academy and in New Jersey State Police Academy, and employment as class two special law enforcement officer.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires driver education and testing on responsibilities when approaching and passing pedestrians and persons operating bicycles and personal conveyances.. Description: Requires driver education and testing on responsibilities when approaching and passing pedestrians and persons operating bicycles and personal conveyances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $20 million for provision of Summer Tuition Aid Grants in summer 2025; provides conditional authority for transfer of additional resources to Summer Tuition Aid Grants account.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $20 million for provision of Summer Tuition Aid Grants in summer 2025; provides conditional authority for transfer of additional resources to Summer Tuition Aid Grants account.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Imposes conditions on drivers approaching stationary vehicles and revises public awareness campaign.. Description: Imposes conditions on drivers approaching stationary vehicles and revises public awareness campaign.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires health care professionals to perform lead screening on pregnant persons under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires health care professionals to perform lead screening on pregnant persons under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises law requiring certain student identification cards to contain telephone number for suicide prevention hotline.. Description: Revises law requiring certain student identification cards to contain telephone number for suicide prevention hotline.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows unexpended balance of FY2024 appropriation for City of Perth Amboy - Convery Boulevard Pedestrian Bridge to be used by municipality for pedestrian safety infrastructure projects.. Description: Allows unexpended balance of FY2024 appropriation for City of Perth Amboy - Convery Boulevard Pedestrian Bridge to be used by municipality for pedestrian safety infrastructure projects.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires members of historic preservation commissions to complete historic preservation planning course.. Description: Requires members of historic preservation commissions to complete historic preservation planning course.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Modifies list of transportation infrastructure projects eligible to receive loans from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY2025.. Description: Modifies list of transportation infrastructure projects eligible to receive loans from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY2025.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns rights of juvenile defendants who elect to be tried as adults.. Description: Concerns rights of juvenile defendants who elect to be tried as adults.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Requires Division of Pensions and Benefits to provide report on available funds in local government part of SHBP prior to transferring funds from State part of SHBP; requires monthly reporting on certain assets in SHBP.. Description: Requires Division of Pensions and Benefits to provide report on available funds in local government part of SHBP prior to transferring funds from State part of SHBP; requires monthly reporting on certain assets in SHBP.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Extends statutory pause on collection of student growth objective data.. Description: Extends statutory pause on collection of student growth objective data.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Re-appropriates unexpended balance of FY2024 appropriation for Town of West New York to support recreation center; appropriates $3 million for Town of West New York - Recreation Center to restore lapsed FY2024 funding.. Description: Re-appropriates unexpended balance of FY2024 appropriation for Town of West New York to support recreation center; appropriates $3 million for Town of West New York - Recreation Center to restore lapsed FY2024 funding.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes changes to design of primary election ballots and certain related primary election procedures; provides for ballots to be arranged by office block; requires reporting on primary elections by Division of Elections.. Description: Makes changes to design of primary election ballots and certain related primary election procedures; provides for ballots to be arranged by office block; requires reporting on primary elections by Division of Elections.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Modifies number of signatures required for candidates to be placed on primary, general, nonpartisan municipal, and school election ballots; requires Secretary of State to publish certain nominating petition forms by January 1 of each year.. Description: Modifies number of signatures required for candidates to be placed on primary, general, nonpartisan municipal, and school election ballots; requires Secretary of State to publish certain nominating petition forms by January 1 of each year.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides health care benefits to disabled members of TPAF and PERS.. Description: Provides health care benefits to disabled members of TPAF and PERS.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Appropriates $49.5 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for State acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes, including Blue Acres projects, and Green Acres Program administrative costs.. Description: Appropriates $49.5 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for State acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes, including Blue Acres projects, and Green Acres Program administrative costs.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows public bodies to continue using newspapers for required public notices and legal advertisements until certain specified date regardless of format.. Description: Allows public bodies to continue using newspapers for required public notices and legal advertisements until certain specified date regardless of format.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Reschedules June 2025 primary election date; provides for adjustment of certain election related deadlines.. Description: Reschedules June 2025 primary election date; provides for adjustment of certain election related deadlines.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes CRDA to finance transportation projects between Atlantic City Airport and Atlantic City Tourism District.. Description: Authorizes CRDA to finance transportation projects between Atlantic City Airport and Atlantic City Tourism District.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires health benefits coverage of hearing aids and cochlear implants for insureds aged 21 or younger.. Description: Requires health benefits coverage of hearing aids and cochlear implants for insureds aged 21 or younger.
In 2025, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires environmental sustainability plan for State House Complex.. Description: Requires environmental sustainability plan for State House Complex.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits use by certain retailers of shipping box greater than two times volume of product being shipped.. Description: Prohibits use by certain retailers of shipping box greater than two times volume of product being shipped.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires installation of operational automatic rain sensor on lawn sprinklers as condition of sale and on lawn sprinklers on commercial, retail, or industrial property and in common interest communities within specified timeframes.. Description: Requires installation of operational automatic rain sensor on lawn sprinklers as condition of sale and on lawn sprinklers on commercial, retail, or industrial property and in common interest communities within specified timeframes.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes uptime requirement for electric vehicle charging station incentive programs.. Description: Establishes uptime requirement for electric vehicle charging station incentive programs.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends certain requirements for installation of electric vehicle supply equipment and Make-Ready parking spaces.. Description: Amends certain requirements for installation of electric vehicle supply equipment and Make-Ready parking spaces.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands eligibility for "fishing buddy license" fee.. Description: Expands eligibility for "fishing buddy license" fee.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Electric and Hybrid Vehicle Battery Management Act.". Description: "Electric and Hybrid Vehicle Battery Management Act."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs BPU to conduct study to determine feasibility, marketability, and costs of implementing large-scale geothermal heat pump systems in State.. Description: Directs BPU to conduct study to determine feasibility, marketability, and costs of implementing large-scale geothermal heat pump systems in State.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits certain local units and authorities to reduce water, sewer, and stormwater fees and other charges for low-income persons.. Description: Permits certain local units and authorities to reduce water, sewer, and stormwater fees and other charges for low-income persons.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes School Safety and Security Task Force.. Description: Establishes School Safety and Security Task Force.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Resiliency and Environmental System Investment Charge Program.". Description: Establishes "Resiliency and Environmental System Investment Charge Program."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns motor vehicles overtaking certain pedestrians and persons operating bicycles and personal conveyances.. Description: Concerns motor vehicles overtaking certain pedestrians and persons operating bicycles and personal conveyances.
In 2025, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires AG to establish rape kit tracking system.. Description: Requires AG to establish rape kit tracking system.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Enters New Jersey into Counseling Compact.. Description: Enters New Jersey into Counseling Compact.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain disclosures when single-family homes with solar panels installed are sold.. Description: Requires certain disclosures when single-family homes with solar panels installed are sold.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Requires telecommunications, cable television, and Internet service providers to allow for service contracts to be paused or canceled following service recipients's admission to long-term care facility.. Description: Requires telecommunications, cable television, and Internet service providers to allow for service contracts to be paused or canceled following service recipients's admission to long-term care facility.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates portion of State Highway Route 71 as "John Tarantino Highway.". Description: Designates portion of State Highway Route 71 as "John Tarantino Highway."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DCA to conduct surveys and report data related to homelessness in administering the Rental Assistance Navigation Program.. Description: Requires DCA to conduct surveys and report data related to homelessness in administering the Rental Assistance Navigation Program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain health care professionals to undergo bias training.. Description: Requires certain health care professionals to undergo bias training.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Requires DCPP to consult with Division of Developmental Disabilities following finding of child abuse or neglect to create services plan for person with developmental disability under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires DCPP to consult with Division of Developmental Disabilities following finding of child abuse or neglect to create services plan for person with developmental disability under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Exempts sales of investment metal bullion and certain investment coins from sales and use tax.. Description: Exempts sales of investment metal bullion and certain investment coins from sales and use tax.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in City of Jersey City in Hudson County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in City of Jersey City in Hudson County.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Appropriates unexpended funds from "New Jersey Bridge Rehabilitation and Improvement and Railroad Right-of-way Preservation Bond Act of 1989.". Description: Appropriates unexpended funds from "New Jersey Bridge Rehabilitation and Improvement and Railroad Right-of-way Preservation Bond Act of 1989."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Updates regulation home improvement and home elevation contractors and contractors' businesses.. Description: Updates regulation home improvement and home elevation contractors and contractors' businesses.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain boards of education to issue bonds to repair damages caused by natural disasters in certain circumstances.. Description: Authorizes certain boards of education to issue bonds to repair damages caused by natural disasters in certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates position of constable; removes statutory references to constable; repeals various parts of statutory law; implements recommendation of SCI report concerning elimination of constables.. Description: Eliminates position of constable; removes statutory references to constable; repeals various parts of statutory law; implements recommendation of SCI report concerning elimination of constables.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires online option for cancellation of automatic renewal of health club services subscriptions entered into online; provides additional options for cancelling health club services contracts under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires online option for cancellation of automatic renewal of health club services subscriptions entered into online; provides additional options for cancelling health club services contracts under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires carriers to offer health care providers more than one method of payment for reimbursement.. Description: Requires carriers to offer health care providers more than one method of payment for reimbursement.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires labeling of non-flushable disposable wipes.. Description: Requires labeling of non-flushable disposable wipes.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides supplemental transportation aid to certain districts participating in interdistrict public school choice program.. Description: Provides supplemental transportation aid to certain districts participating in interdistrict public school choice program.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOT to provide additional information in annual report on pavement condition and conduct pavement lifecycle cost analysis; make report available to public.. Description: Requires DOT to provide additional information in annual report on pavement condition and conduct pavement lifecycle cost analysis; make report available to public.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes eligibility for enrollment in PERS and subsequent retirement benefits for certain county fire instructors under certain conditions.. Description: Establishes eligibility for enrollment in PERS and subsequent retirement benefits for certain county fire instructors under certain conditions.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends period of usefulness of fire engines for bonding purposes from 10 to 20 years; eliminates exclusion of passenger cars and station wagons.. Description: Extends period of usefulness of fire engines for bonding purposes from 10 to 20 years; eliminates exclusion of passenger cars and station wagons.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes requirements concerning provision of postpartum care, pregnancy loss, and stillbirth information and development of personalized postpartum care plans.. Description: Establishes requirements concerning provision of postpartum care, pregnancy loss, and stillbirth information and development of personalized postpartum care plans.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns automatic fire sprinkler systems within newly constructed townhouses.. Description: Concerns automatic fire sprinkler systems within newly constructed townhouses.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Manufacturing in Higher Education Act"; requires various State entities to promote manufacturing career pathways for students and provides assistance to manufacturing industry.. Description: "Manufacturing in Higher Education Act"; requires various State entities to promote manufacturing career pathways for students and provides assistance to manufacturing industry.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State agencies to make their websites accessible to people with disabilities and on mobile devices.. Description: Requires State agencies to make their websites accessible to people with disabilities and on mobile devices.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes right of sexual assault victim to notification of certain developments in criminal case.. Description: Establishes right of sexual assault victim to notification of certain developments in criminal case.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DEP and Drinking Water Quality Institute to perform study concerning regulation and treatment of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances.. Description: Requires DEP and Drinking Water Quality Institute to perform study concerning regulation and treatment of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs DEP to adopt regulations concerning identification and testing of microplastics in drinking water.. Description: Directs DEP to adopt regulations concerning identification and testing of microplastics in drinking water.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires copies of certain law enforcement records to be provided to victims of domestic violence upon request.. Description: Requires copies of certain law enforcement records to be provided to victims of domestic violence upon request.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State Board of Education to authorize alternate route to expedite teacher certification of persons employed as paraprofessionals in school districts.. Description: Requires State Board of Education to authorize alternate route to expedite teacher certification of persons employed as paraprofessionals in school districts.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Right to Mental Health for Individuals who are Deaf or Hard of Hearing Act"; establishes certain requirements concerning provision of mental health services to individuals who are deaf or hard of hearing.. Description: "Right to Mental Health for Individuals who are Deaf or Hard of Hearing Act"; establishes certain requirements concerning provision of mental health services to individuals who are deaf or hard of hearing.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires midwives and physicians to provide pregnant women information on birthing options prior to delivery.. Description: Requires midwives and physicians to provide pregnant women information on birthing options prior to delivery.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates "New Jersey Domestic Workers' Bill of Rights Act.". Description: Creates "New Jersey Domestic Workers' Bill of Rights Act."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits electioneering within 25 feet of person waiting in line at polling place or ballot drop box; makes electioneering a disorderly persons offense.. Description: Prohibits electioneering within 25 feet of person waiting in line at polling place or ballot drop box; makes electioneering a disorderly persons offense.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires telemarketers making sales calls to display their name and telephone number on any caller identification service.. Description: Requires telemarketers making sales calls to display their name and telephone number on any caller identification service.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes centralized directory for affordable and senior citizen housing.. Description: Establishes centralized directory for affordable and senior citizen housing.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State agency to redact person's handwritten signature prior to publishing documents on agency's Internet website.. Description: Requires State agency to redact person's handwritten signature prior to publishing documents on agency's Internet website.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes certain for-profit debt adjusters eligible for licensing to conduct business in State.. Description: Makes certain for-profit debt adjusters eligible for licensing to conduct business in State.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes procedure for certification of LGBTQ+ business.. Description: Establishes procedure for certification of LGBTQ+ business.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies process for administrative appropriations to UEZs; makes appropriation.. Description: Clarifies process for administrative appropriations to UEZs; makes appropriation.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires certain information be included in certain contracts with licensed public adjusters.. Description: Requires certain information be included in certain contracts with licensed public adjusters.
In 2025, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions concerning New Jersey Aspire Program and surrender of tax credits issued under New Jersey Economic Recovery Act of 2020.. Description: Revises various provisions concerning New Jersey Aspire Program and surrender of tax credits issued under New Jersey Economic Recovery Act of 2020.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes electronic delivery of documents relating to portable electronics insurance.. Description: Authorizes electronic delivery of documents relating to portable electronics insurance.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates bridge over Crosswicks Creek on Interstate Highway Route 295 North as "Benjamin Moore and the 693rd Sapper Company Memorial Highway.". Description: Designates bridge over Crosswicks Creek on Interstate Highway Route 295 North as "Benjamin Moore and the 693rd Sapper Company Memorial Highway."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes four-year pilot program in Ocean County for electronic monitoring of certain domestic violence offenders; appropriates $2.5 million.. Description: Establishes four-year pilot program in Ocean County for electronic monitoring of certain domestic violence offenders; appropriates $2.5 million.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires notification to consumers of collection and disclosure of personal data by certain entities.. Description: Requires notification to consumers of collection and disclosure of personal data by certain entities.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises number of qualified disabled veterans' businesses required to designate set-aside contract from three to two.. Description: Revises number of qualified disabled veterans' businesses required to designate set-aside contract from three to two.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits sale, manufacture, distribution, and use of firefighting foam containing intentionally added perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances; requires DEP to establish collection and disposal program; appropriates $250,000.. Description: Prohibits sale, manufacture, distribution, and use of firefighting foam containing intentionally added perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances; requires DEP to establish collection and disposal program; appropriates $250,000.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns structural integrity regulations for certain residential buildings.. Description: Concerns structural integrity regulations for certain residential buildings.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "VETeach Pilot Program" in DOE to facilitate teacher certification of veterans.. Description: Establishes "VETeach Pilot Program" in DOE to facilitate teacher certification of veterans.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires school report card to include information about placement of graduates, including apprenticeships.. Description: Requires school report card to include information about placement of graduates, including apprenticeships.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows taxpayers to utilize alternative method of depreciation of certain expenditures in connection with construction of new affordable housing developments.. Description: Allows taxpayers to utilize alternative method of depreciation of certain expenditures in connection with construction of new affordable housing developments.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits court to effectuate equitable distribution when complaint for divorce or dissolution of civil union has been filed and either party has died prior to final judgment; provides that surviving party would not receive intestate or elective share.. Description: Permits court to effectuate equitable distribution when complaint for divorce or dissolution of civil union has been filed and either party has died prior to final judgment; provides that surviving party would not receive intestate or elective share.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands culpability requirements for firearms trafficking offenses and violations of regulatory provisions relating to firearms.. Description: Expands culpability requirements for firearms trafficking offenses and violations of regulatory provisions relating to firearms.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires request for proposal to establish demonstration program to develop electric vehicle charging depots serviced by distributed energy resource charging centers for certain electric vehicle use.. Description: Requires request for proposal to establish demonstration program to develop electric vehicle charging depots serviced by distributed energy resource charging centers for certain electric vehicle use.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for expanded use of affordable housing voucher program funding.. Description: Provides for expanded use of affordable housing voucher program funding.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires health benefits coverage for additional orthotic and prosthetic appliances under certain circumstances; requires coverage for orthotic and prosthetic appliances obtained through podiatrists.. Description: Requires health benefits coverage for additional orthotic and prosthetic appliances under certain circumstances; requires coverage for orthotic and prosthetic appliances obtained through podiatrists.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public institution of higher education to readmit student whose enrollment was interrupted due to military service.. Description: Requires public institution of higher education to readmit student whose enrollment was interrupted due to military service.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies down payment assistance program for benefit of first-generation and first-time homebuyers; makes an appropriation.. Description: Modifies down payment assistance program for benefit of first-generation and first-time homebuyers; makes an appropriation.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Transfers New Jersey Historic Trust from Department of State to DCA and makes certain changes related to trustees and powers.. Description: Transfers New Jersey Historic Trust from Department of State to DCA and makes certain changes related to trustees and powers.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes grant program for NJ YouthBuild programs through DOLWD; makes appropriation.. Description: Establishes grant program for NJ YouthBuild programs through DOLWD; makes appropriation.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires school districts to adopt policies concerning student use of sunscreen and sun-protective clothing at school and school-sponsored functions.. Description: Requires school districts to adopt policies concerning student use of sunscreen and sun-protective clothing at school and school-sponsored functions.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires maintenance of roadways surrounding State capitol complex.. Description: Requires maintenance of roadways surrounding State capitol complex.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Twelfth Grade Postsecondary Transition Year Pilot Program" in Department of Education.. Description: Establishes "Twelfth Grade Postsecondary Transition Year Pilot Program" in Department of Education.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Grants child placed in resource family care and resource family parents the right to be notified when case manager or supervisor is assigned to child; grants child in resource family care right to be notified of certain property and benefits.. Description: Grants child placed in resource family care and resource family parents the right to be notified when case manager or supervisor is assigned to child; grants child in resource family care right to be notified of certain property and benefits.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits discrimination on basis of height or weight under "Law Against Discrimination.". Description: Prohibits discrimination on basis of height or weight under "Law Against Discrimination."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Adjusts bid threshold amounts for certain public research universities; permits certain contracts for school districts, municipalities, and counties to be awarded by qualified purchasing agent.. Description: Adjusts bid threshold amounts for certain public research universities; permits certain contracts for school districts, municipalities, and counties to be awarded by qualified purchasing agent.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends lists of projects eligible to receive loans for environmental infrastructure projects from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY 2024.. Description: Amends lists of projects eligible to receive loans for environmental infrastructure projects from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY 2024.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in Township of Hillsborough in Somerset County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in Township of Hillsborough in Somerset County.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Community Wealth Preservation Program"; expands access for certain buyers to purchase property from sheriff's sales.. Description: Establishes "Community Wealth Preservation Program"; expands access for certain buyers to purchase property from sheriff's sales.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes NJ Task Force on Coordination Among Nonprofit Social Service Organizations.. Description: Establishes NJ Task Force on Coordination Among Nonprofit Social Service Organizations.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates offense of financial exploitation of the elderly.. Description: Creates offense of financial exploitation of the elderly.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes municipalities to establish dredging control reserve fund.. Description: Authorizes municipalities to establish dredging control reserve fund.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for presumptive eligibility for home and community-based services and services provided through program of all-inclusive care for the elderly under Medicaid.. Description: Provides for presumptive eligibility for home and community-based services and services provided through program of all-inclusive care for the elderly under Medicaid.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides certain protections to residents of long-term care facilities.. Description: Provides certain protections to residents of long-term care facilities.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Regulates provision of pharmaceutical services in long-term care facilities.. Description: Regulates provision of pharmaceutical services in long-term care facilities.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises health insurance coverage requirements for treatment of infertility.. Description: Revises health insurance coverage requirements for treatment of infertility.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises law establishing Office of Food Security Advocate, and establishes certain conditions for use of monies appropriated to emergency food organizations.. Description: Revises law establishing Office of Food Security Advocate, and establishes certain conditions for use of monies appropriated to emergency food organizations.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands exemptions from drug paraphernalia laws to also exempt certain harm reduction supplies.. Description: Expands exemptions from drug paraphernalia laws to also exempt certain harm reduction supplies.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in Township of Woodbridge in Middlesex County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in Township of Woodbridge in Middlesex County.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Interagency Council on Homelessness.. Description: Establishes Interagency Council on Homelessness.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns alcoholic beverage licenses for sporting facilities.. Description: Concerns alcoholic beverage licenses for sporting facilities.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes FY2024 supplemental appropriations of $37,430,000; de-appropriates $24,000,000 in existing FY2024 appropriations; adds and modifies various FY2024 language provisions.. Description: Makes FY2024 supplemental appropriations of $37,430,000; de-appropriates $24,000,000 in existing FY2024 appropriations; adds and modifies various FY2024 language provisions.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public institution of higher education to post certain information on institution's website.. Description: Requires public institution of higher education to post certain information on institution's website.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns New Jersey Civic Information Consortium.. Description: Concerns New Jersey Civic Information Consortium.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes nonpublic school transportation program to provide funding to consortiums of nonpublic schools that will assume responsibility for mandated nonpublic school busing.. Description: Establishes nonpublic school transportation program to provide funding to consortiums of nonpublic schools that will assume responsibility for mandated nonpublic school busing.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Educator Evaluation Review Task Force; clarifies collection of student growth data.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Educator Evaluation Review Task Force; clarifies collection of student growth data.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates requirement for State residency of public school employees for period of three years.. Description: Eliminates requirement for State residency of public school employees for period of three years.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires entities to remove abandoned lines and mark information on certain lines.. Description: Requires entities to remove abandoned lines and mark information on certain lines.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DEP, DOH, owners or operators of certain public community water systems, and owners or operators of certain buildings or facilities to take certain actions to prevent and control cases of Legionnaires' disease.. Description: Requires DEP, DOH, owners or operators of certain public community water systems, and owners or operators of certain buildings or facilities to take certain actions to prevent and control cases of Legionnaires' disease.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires NJ Youth Suicide Prevention Advisory Council to prepare report regarding suicide prevention instruction in public schools.. Description: Requires NJ Youth Suicide Prevention Advisory Council to prepare report regarding suicide prevention instruction in public schools.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State government entities provide vital documents and translation services in 15 most common non-English languages.. Description: Requires State government entities provide vital documents and translation services in 15 most common non-English languages.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Exempts nursing mothers from jury duty.. Description: Exempts nursing mothers from jury duty.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Center for Career Relevant Education and Talent Evaluation of New Jersey at Thomas Edison State University.. Description: Establishes Center for Career Relevant Education and Talent Evaluation of New Jersey at Thomas Edison State University.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Raises minimum amount of liability coverage for commercial motor vehicles and autocabs.. Description: Raises minimum amount of liability coverage for commercial motor vehicles and autocabs.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Office of Resilience in DCF.. Description: Establishes Office of Resilience in DCF.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies types of firearms allowed to be transported while hunting.. Description: Clarifies types of firearms allowed to be transported while hunting.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Enhances notice requirements and occupancy restrictions for hotels and multiple dwellings following determination of potentially hazardous condition.. Description: Enhances notice requirements and occupancy restrictions for hotels and multiple dwellings following determination of potentially hazardous condition.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires transparency concerning compensation with promotional opportunities and in employment listings.. Description: Requires transparency concerning compensation with promotional opportunities and in employment listings.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires criminal history background check for individuals seeking licensure issued by boards regulating certain health care professions.. Description: Requires criminal history background check for individuals seeking licensure issued by boards regulating certain health care professions.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: "Equitable Outcomes in Child Support Collection Act"; establishes procedures regarding collection of child support on behalf of children in custody of DCPP.. Description: "Equitable Outcomes in Child Support Collection Act"; establishes procedures regarding collection of child support on behalf of children in custody of DCPP.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows complaint for guardianship of minor to be filed six months before minor reaches age 18 under certain circumstances; establishes certain standards for filing guardianship complaints.. Description: Allows complaint for guardianship of minor to be filed six months before minor reaches age 18 under certain circumstances; establishes certain standards for filing guardianship complaints.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires school districts to provide instruction on history of Latinos and Hispanics as part of implementation of New Jersey Student Learning Standards.. Description: Requires school districts to provide instruction on history of Latinos and Hispanics as part of implementation of New Jersey Student Learning Standards.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Limits availability of Child Care Facilities Improvement Program grants funded through Child Care Revitalization Act to licensed child care centers.. Description: Limits availability of Child Care Facilities Improvement Program grants funded through Child Care Revitalization Act to licensed child care centers.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Renames Juvenile Justice Commission as Youth Justice Commission.. Description: Renames Juvenile Justice Commission as Youth Justice Commission.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Codifies Eagleton Science and Politics Fellowship Program at Eagleton Institute of Politics; makes appropriations.. Description: Codifies Eagleton Science and Politics Fellowship Program at Eagleton Institute of Politics; makes appropriations.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises certain requirements concerning eligibility for reimbursement from "Emergency Medical Technician Training Fund.". Description: Revises certain requirements concerning eligibility for reimbursement from "Emergency Medical Technician Training Fund."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs Office of Public Defender to provide legal representation for certain criminal contempt violations.. Description: Directs Office of Public Defender to provide legal representation for certain criminal contempt violations.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits service credit in Prosecutors Part of PERS for judicial clerk service; increases salary of Presiding Judge of Appellate Division and county prosecutor; permits retired judges to collect pension while serving as county prosecutor.. Description: Permits service credit in Prosecutors Part of PERS for judicial clerk service; increases salary of Presiding Judge of Appellate Division and county prosecutor; permits retired judges to collect pension while serving as county prosecutor.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases maximum number of respite care service hours funded through DCF for certain families.. Description: Increases maximum number of respite care service hours funded through DCF for certain families.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes minimum base NJ FamilyCare per diem reimbursement rate of $1,100 for special care nursing facility with neurologically impaired young adult unit.. Description: Establishes minimum base NJ FamilyCare per diem reimbursement rate of $1,100 for special care nursing facility with neurologically impaired young adult unit.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires training of cosmetologists-hairstylists, beauticians, barbers, and hair braiders to include working on textured hair.. Description: Requires training of cosmetologists-hairstylists, beauticians, barbers, and hair braiders to include working on textured hair.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Education to establish and maintain educator common application and web portal.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Education to establish and maintain educator common application and web portal.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides police officers may be present at senior residential center or school being used as polling place under certain circumstances; requires school to establish election day security plan.. Description: Provides police officers may be present at senior residential center or school being used as polling place under certain circumstances; requires school to establish election day security plan.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Appropriates $28,670,924 in 2003 and 1992 bond act monies for loans for dam restoration and repair projects and inland waters projects.. Description: Appropriates $28,670,924 in 2003 and 1992 bond act monies for loans for dam restoration and repair projects and inland waters projects.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Medicaid reimbursement of mental health rehabilitation services provided via clubhouse program.. Description: Requires Medicaid reimbursement of mental health rehabilitation services provided via clubhouse program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires private bus operators to provide notice and hold public meetings for certain service changes.. Description: Requires private bus operators to provide notice and hold public meetings for certain service changes.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires each public institution of higher education to convene menstrual equity task force.. Description: Requires each public institution of higher education to convene menstrual equity task force.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOE to establish working group on student literacy; mandates universal literacy screenings for kindergarten through grade three students; requires professional development for certain school district employees.. Description: Requires DOE to establish working group on student literacy; mandates universal literacy screenings for kindergarten through grade three students; requires professional development for certain school district employees.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises statutory terms pertaining to sexual exploitation or abuse of children.. Description: Revises statutory terms pertaining to sexual exploitation or abuse of children.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $500,000 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues and "2009 Farmland Preservation Fund" to State Agriculture Development Committee for municipal planning incentive grants for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Appropriates $500,000 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues and "2009 Farmland Preservation Fund" to State Agriculture Development Committee for municipal planning incentive grants for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $1.723 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues and "2009 Farmland Preservation Fund" to State Agriculture Development Committee for grants to certain nonprofit organizations for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Appropriates $1.723 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues and "2009 Farmland Preservation Fund" to State Agriculture Development Committee for grants to certain nonprofit organizations for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes membership of board of trustees of SPRS to remove requirement that two members be private citizens.. Description: Changes membership of board of trustees of SPRS to remove requirement that two members be private citizens.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires electric public utilities to submit to BPU and implement electric infrastructure improvement plans.. Description: Requires electric public utilities to submit to BPU and implement electric infrastructure improvement plans.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises workers' compensation law to increase contingency attorney fee cap in contingency case from 20 percent to 25 percent.. Description: Revises workers' compensation law to increase contingency attorney fee cap in contingency case from 20 percent to 25 percent.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Removes time limitation on issuance of additional alcoholic beverage licenses within boundaries of former federal military installations.. Description: Removes time limitation on issuance of additional alcoholic beverage licenses within boundaries of former federal military installations.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes school districts to submit separate proposals for additional spending for subsequent budget year at special school election.. Description: Authorizes school districts to submit separate proposals for additional spending for subsequent budget year at special school election.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes working hours for certain minors employed as professional athletes.. Description: Establishes working hours for certain minors employed as professional athletes.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes penalties for employers who disclose or threaten to disclose employee's immigration status for purpose of concealing violation of State wage, benefit or tax laws.. Description: Establishes penalties for employers who disclose or threaten to disclose employee's immigration status for purpose of concealing violation of State wage, benefit or tax laws.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes certain changes to calculation of minimum loss ratio requirements for health benefits plans in individual and small employer markets.. Description: Makes certain changes to calculation of minimum loss ratio requirements for health benefits plans in individual and small employer markets.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates State Highway Route 42 and Interstate Highway Route 295 interchange as "Ensign John R. Elliott Memorial Interchange.". Description: Designates State Highway Route 42 and Interstate Highway Route 295 interchange as "Ensign John R. Elliott Memorial Interchange."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes various changes to process for access to government records; appropriates $10 million.. Description: Makes various changes to process for access to government records; appropriates $10 million.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires contractor subject to prevailing wage law to provide orientation meeting to new employee on prevailing wage project.. Description: Requires contractor subject to prevailing wage law to provide orientation meeting to new employee on prevailing wage project.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides counties discretion related to retirement of county debt service and amount that can be raised under property tax levy cap.. Description: Provides counties discretion related to retirement of county debt service and amount that can be raised under property tax levy cap.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes crimes of home invasion burglary and residential burglary.. Description: Establishes crimes of home invasion burglary and residential burglary.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits cooperative from receiving public works contract when cooperative-approved vendor fails to pay prevailing wage; concerns cooperative purchasing agreements with other states; and permits contracting units to award certain indefinite contracts.. Description: Prohibits cooperative from receiving public works contract when cooperative-approved vendor fails to pay prevailing wage; concerns cooperative purchasing agreements with other states; and permits contracting units to award certain indefinite contracts.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies requirements for certain projects under Economic Redevelopment and Growth Grant program.. Description: Modifies requirements for certain projects under Economic Redevelopment and Growth Grant program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires MVC to take certain action concerning commercial driver licenses and commercial learner's permits.. Description: Requires MVC to take certain action concerning commercial driver licenses and commercial learner's permits.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns notification requirements for certain utility assistance programs; repeals law establishing notification requirements for public and local utilities during coronavirus 2019 pandemic.. Description: Concerns notification requirements for certain utility assistance programs; repeals law establishing notification requirements for public and local utilities during coronavirus 2019 pandemic.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits DCF from using federal benefits received by a child in out of home placement to reimburse State for cost of child's care, except under certain circumstances.. Description: Prohibits DCF from using federal benefits received by a child in out of home placement to reimburse State for cost of child's care, except under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits boards of education to lease certain school property to federally qualified health centers without bidding.. Description: Permits boards of education to lease certain school property to federally qualified health centers without bidding.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises licensing requirements and out-of-State reciprocity for elevator, escalator, and moving walkway mechanic's licenses.. Description: Revises licensing requirements and out-of-State reciprocity for elevator, escalator, and moving walkway mechanic's licenses.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Concerns certain emergency operations plans required to be submitted to law enforcement agencies.. Description: Concerns certain emergency operations plans required to be submitted to law enforcement agencies.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Real Estate Consumer Protection Enhancement Act.". Description: "Real Estate Consumer Protection Enhancement Act."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Upgrades certain penalties for assaulting law enforcement officer and requires offender to be tested for communicable diseases in certain instances.. Description: Upgrades certain penalties for assaulting law enforcement officer and requires offender to be tested for communicable diseases in certain instances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Regulates production and sale of certain intoxicating hemp products.. Description: Regulates production and sale of certain intoxicating hemp products.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions of film and digital media content production tax credit program.. Description: Revises various provisions of film and digital media content production tax credit program.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Extends permission to administer glucagon and blood glucose tests to EMTs.. Description: Extends permission to administer glucagon and blood glucose tests to EMTs.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Requires electric public utilities to implement certain improvements to interconnection process for certain grid supply solar facilities and energy storage facilities.. Description: Requires electric public utilities to implement certain improvements to interconnection process for certain grid supply solar facilities and energy storage facilities.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns law protecting residential tenants from lead-based paint hazards.. Description: Concerns law protecting residential tenants from lead-based paint hazards.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises limits for net cash surrender and net cash withdrawal values for certain annuity policies and contracts from $100,000 to $250,000.. Description: Revises limits for net cash surrender and net cash withdrawal values for certain annuity policies and contracts from $100,000 to $250,000.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates funds to DEP for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2025.. Description: Appropriates funds to DEP for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2025.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns deadline for municipality to report certain non-residential development fee information.. Description: Concerns deadline for municipality to report certain non-residential development fee information.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires end-of-life recycling of solar and photovoltaic energy generation facilities and structures.. Description: Requires end-of-life recycling of solar and photovoltaic energy generation facilities and structures.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires payment of prevailing wage for projects financed through commercial property assessed clean energy program.. Description: Requires payment of prevailing wage for projects financed through commercial property assessed clean energy program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Next New Jersey Program for artificial intelligence investments.. Description: Establishes Next New Jersey Program for artificial intelligence investments.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires health insurance and Medicaid coverage for family planning and reproductive health care services; prohibits adverse actions by medical malpractice insurers in relation to performance of legally protected health care services.. Description: Requires health insurance and Medicaid coverage for family planning and reproductive health care services; prohibits adverse actions by medical malpractice insurers in relation to performance of legally protected health care services.
In 2025, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Extends expiration date of special appraisal process for Green Acres and farmland preservation program; provides aid for watershed lands.. Description: Extends expiration date of special appraisal process for Green Acres and farmland preservation program; provides aid for watershed lands.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $10,067,905 to DEP from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for grants to certain nonprofit entities to acquire or develop lands for recreation and conservation purposes, and for certain administrative expenses.. Description: Appropriates $10,067,905 to DEP from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for grants to certain nonprofit entities to acquire or develop lands for recreation and conservation purposes, and for certain administrative expenses.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $393,480,000 from "New Jersey Debt Defeasance and Prevention Fund"; establishes process for authorizing future appropriations for debt defeasance and capital projects.. Description: Appropriates $393,480,000 from "New Jersey Debt Defeasance and Prevention Fund"; establishes process for authorizing future appropriations for debt defeasance and capital projects.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides monies for EDA to purchase certain properties from NJT to maximize development potential; appropriates $65 million.. Description: Provides monies for EDA to purchase certain properties from NJT to maximize development potential; appropriates $65 million.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires financial institutions to allow mortgagors to make biweekly and semi-monthly payments and payments to mortgage principal.. Description: Requires financial institutions to allow mortgagors to make biweekly and semi-monthly payments and payments to mortgage principal.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits restaurants and certain alcoholic beverage retailers and manufacturers to conduct business within designated outdoor space or on public sidewalk.. Description: Permits restaurants and certain alcoholic beverage retailers and manufacturers to conduct business within designated outdoor space or on public sidewalk.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides grant to study and map mental health care resources for children; makes appropriation.. Description: Provides grant to study and map mental health care resources for children; makes appropriation.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Assembly Select Committee on Ballot Design.". Description: Establishes "Assembly Select Committee on Ballot Design."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs DEP and DOT to establish "Wildlife Corridor Action Plan".. Description: Directs DEP and DOT to establish "Wildlife Corridor Action Plan".
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires electric and gas public utilities to establish "Energy Bill Watch" program and include certain information in bills and notices to customers.. Description: Requires electric and gas public utilities to establish "Energy Bill Watch" program and include certain information in bills and notices to customers.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes reproductive health travel advisory.. Description: Establishes reproductive health travel advisory.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for mortgage payment relief and foreclosure protection for certain homeowners impacted by remnants of Hurricane Ida.. Description: Provides for mortgage payment relief and foreclosure protection for certain homeowners impacted by remnants of Hurricane Ida.
In 2025, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires cell phone and social media policy to be developed by DOE and adopted in schools.. Description: Requires cell phone and social media policy to be developed by DOE and adopted in schools.
In 2025, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Moose's Law"; prohibits persons convicted of animal cruelty offenses from owning animals and from working or volunteering at animal-related enterprises; establishes presumption against pretrial intervention for certain persons.. Description: "Moose's Law"; prohibits persons convicted of animal cruelty offenses from owning animals and from working or volunteering at animal-related enterprises; establishes presumption against pretrial intervention for certain persons.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides project grant under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for career and technical education expansion; appropriates $7.65 million.. Description: Provides project grant under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for career and technical education expansion; appropriates $7.65 million.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits Director of Division of Pensions and Benefits to initiate temporary transfer of funds in certain circumstances.. Description: Permits Director of Division of Pensions and Benefits to initiate temporary transfer of funds in certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Amends lists of projects eligible to receive loans for environmental infrastructure projects from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY2025.. Description: Amends lists of projects eligible to receive loans for environmental infrastructure projects from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY2025.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Amends list of hazard mitigation and resilience projects approved for funding by NJ Infrastructure Bank under FY2025 Community Hazard Assistance Mitigation Program.. Description: Amends list of hazard mitigation and resilience projects approved for funding by NJ Infrastructure Bank under FY2025 Community Hazard Assistance Mitigation Program.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Amends lists of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding by DEP under FY2025 environmental infrastructure funding program.. Description: Amends lists of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding by DEP under FY2025 environmental infrastructure funding program.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Reallocates standardbred horse racing purse subsidies from Freehold Raceway to Meadowlands Racetrack under certain circumstances.. Description: Reallocates standardbred horse racing purse subsidies from Freehold Raceway to Meadowlands Racetrack under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Appropriates $18,518,738 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.. Description: Appropriates $18,518,738 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Appropriates $60 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for recreation and conservation purposes to DEP for State capital and park development projects.. Description: Appropriates $60 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for recreation and conservation purposes to DEP for State capital and park development projects.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows public bodies to continue using newspapers for required public notices and legal advertisements until certain specified date regardless of format.. Description: Allows public bodies to continue using newspapers for required public notices and legal advertisements until certain specified date regardless of format.
In 2025, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends economic recovery term under "Municipal Rehabilitation and Economic Recovery Act.". Description: Extends economic recovery term under "Municipal Rehabilitation and Economic Recovery Act."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Organizes General Assembly for Two Hundred and Twenty-First Legislature and amends Assembly Rule 10:1.. Description: Organizes General Assembly for Two Hundred and Twenty-First Legislature and amends Assembly Rule 10:1.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges NJ DOH to increase public awareness on effects of xylazine.. Description: Urges NJ DOH to increase public awareness on effects of xylazine.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to amend tax code to permanently exclude all forms of discharged student loans from federal income tax.. Description: Urges Congress to amend tax code to permanently exclude all forms of discharged student loans from federal income tax.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to utilize and fund existing paratransit transportation networks to transport disabled veterans to and from its New Jersey medical centers.. Description: Urges U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to utilize and fund existing paratransit transportation networks to transport disabled veterans to and from its New Jersey medical centers.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges United States Department of Veterans Affairs to establish inpatient hospital facility at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst.. Description: Urges United States Department of Veterans Affairs to establish inpatient hospital facility at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes loneliness as public health crisis.. Description: Recognizes loneliness as public health crisis.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges United States Congress to permanently fund Affordable Connectivity Program.. Description: Urges United States Congress to permanently fund Affordable Connectivity Program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges amendment of Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement to create definition for oral health care products.. Description: Urges amendment of Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement to create definition for oral health care products.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Condemns Alabama Supreme Court ruling in LePage v. Mobile Infirmary Clinic, P.C. and pending federal legislation, H.R.431; reaffirms freedom of access and protection of reproductive health care services in New Jersey, including IVF.. Description: Condemns Alabama Supreme Court ruling in LePage v. Mobile Infirmary Clinic, P.C. and pending federal legislation, H.R.431; reaffirms freedom of access and protection of reproductive health care services in New Jersey, including IVF.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Condemns Arizona Supreme Court ruling in Planned Parenthood v. Mayes banning abortions in the state and reaffirms New Jersey citizens' freedom to access reproductive health care services.. Description: Condemns Arizona Supreme Court ruling in Planned Parenthood v. Mayes banning abortions in the state and reaffirms New Jersey citizens' freedom to access reproductive health care services.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Commemorates 45th anniversary of enactment of Taiwan Relations Act and 35th anniversary of New Jersey-Taiwan sister state relationship.. Description: Commemorates 45th anniversary of enactment of Taiwan Relations Act and 35th anniversary of New Jersey-Taiwan sister state relationship.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges federal government to raise federal poverty line for public assistance programs.. Description: Urges federal government to raise federal poverty line for public assistance programs.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates June 2024 as LGBTQIA+ Pride Month in New Jersey.. Description: Designates June 2024 as LGBTQIA+ Pride Month in New Jersey.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges generative artificial intelligence and content sharing platforms to make voluntary commitments to prevent and remove harmful content.. Description: Urges generative artificial intelligence and content sharing platforms to make voluntary commitments to prevent and remove harmful content.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Condemns recent U.S. Supreme Court decision and reaffirms that bump stocks are a dangerous firearm component.. Description: Condemns recent U.S. Supreme Court decision and reaffirms that bump stocks are a dangerous firearm component.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Condemns action of Republican members of United States Congress in failing to support passage of SB3612; affirms New Jersey Legislature's commitment to protecting reproductive freedom and full access to reproductive health care.. Description: Condemns action of Republican members of United States Congress in failing to support passage of SB3612; affirms New Jersey Legislature's commitment to protecting reproductive freedom and full access to reproductive health care.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expresses support for "Breakfast Bowl" held by Montclair State University and Rowan University and recognizes food insecurity efforts of these institutions.. Description: Expresses support for "Breakfast Bowl" held by Montclair State University and Rowan University and recognizes food insecurity efforts of these institutions.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requests that federal government offer legal remedies to victims exposed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and incentivize research into effects of those substances.. Description: Requests that federal government offer legal remedies to victims exposed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and incentivize research into effects of those substances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes and celebrates Bruce Springsteen's 75th birthday.. Description: Recognizes and celebrates Bruce Springsteen's 75th birthday.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges President and Congress of United States to enact federal legislation providing proportional property tax relief for honorably discharged veterans having a service-connected permanent disability.. Description: Urges President and Congress of United States to enact federal legislation providing proportional property tax relief for honorably discharged veterans having a service-connected permanent disability.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges federal government to investigate unidentified drones operating in NJ airspace.. Description: Urges federal government to investigate unidentified drones operating in NJ airspace.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges restaurants to include warnings against use of mobile ordering features while driving.. Description: Urges restaurants to include warnings against use of mobile ordering features while driving.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges United States Congress to renew funding for Affordable Connectivity Program.. Description: Urges United States Congress to renew funding for Affordable Connectivity Program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Commemorates 45th anniversary of enactment of Taiwan Relations Act and 35th anniversary of New Jersey-Taiwan sister state relationship.. Description: Commemorates 45th anniversary of enactment of Taiwan Relations Act and 35th anniversary of New Jersey-Taiwan sister state relationship.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges EPA to adopt drinking water standard for microplastics and nanoplastics.. Description: Urges EPA to adopt drinking water standard for microplastics and nanoplastics.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Reconstitutes the "Joint Committee on Economic Justice and Equal Employment Opportunity.". Description: Reconstitutes the "Joint Committee on Economic Justice and Equal Employment Opportunity."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges DEP and EDA to establish plastics recycling marketplace.. Description: Urges DEP and EDA to establish plastics recycling marketplace.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges United States Congress to pass "Universal School Meals Program Act of 2023.". Description: Urges United States Congress to pass "Universal School Meals Program Act of 2023."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Honors 40th anniversary of Jersey Fresh program.. Description: Honors 40th anniversary of Jersey Fresh program.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges President and Congress to enact "Poverty Line Act of 2023.". Description: Urges President and Congress to enact "Poverty Line Act of 2023."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Approves FY2025 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.. Description: Approves FY2025 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates October of each year as "Hindu Heritage Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates October of each year as "Hindu Heritage Month" in New Jersey.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes 75th anniversary of establishment of State of Israel.. Description: Recognizes 75th anniversary of establishment of State of Israel.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates November of each year as "Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease Awareness Month.". Description: Designates November of each year as "Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease Awareness Month."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates November 22 of each year as Kimchi Day.. Description: Designates November 22 of each year as Kimchi Day.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates annual Lunar New Year in NJ.. Description: Designates annual Lunar New Year in NJ.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Commemorates 71st anniversary of armistice that ended Korean War.. Description: Commemorates 71st anniversary of armistice that ended Korean War.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates March 31 of each year as "Cesar Chavez Day.". Description: Designates March 31 of each year as "Cesar Chavez Day."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designating fourth Wednesday in May of each year as "Crisis Professionals Day.". Description: Designating fourth Wednesday in May of each year as "Crisis Professionals Day."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Condemns hate in all forms and especially all hate and bias crimes.. Description: Condemns hate in all forms and especially all hate and bias crimes.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates calendar week that includes September 10th of each year as "Suicide Prevention Week" in NJ.. Description: Designates calendar week that includes September 10th of each year as "Suicide Prevention Week" in NJ.
In 2025, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Designates first full week of May of each year as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in NJ.. Description: Designates first full week of May of each year as "Tardive Dyskinesia Awareness Week" in NJ.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates November 14 of each year as Ruby Bridges Walk to School Day.. Description: Designates November 14 of each year as Ruby Bridges Walk to School Day.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges Congress to continue progress on National Museum of the American Latino.. Description: Urges Congress to continue progress on National Museum of the American Latino.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates third Sunday of November of each year as "World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims" in NJ.. Description: Designates third Sunday of November of each year as "World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims" in NJ.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes 75th anniversary of establishment of State of Israel.. Description: Recognizes 75th anniversary of establishment of State of Israel.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates third full week in May as "Roxie's Wish: Drowning Prevention Week for Children.". Description: Designates third full week in May as "Roxie's Wish: Drowning Prevention Week for Children."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates August of each year as "Professional Engineers Month" in NJ and first Wednesday in August of each year as "Professional Engineering Day.". Description: Designates August of each year as "Professional Engineers Month" in NJ and first Wednesday in August of each year as "Professional Engineering Day."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates June 23 of each year as "International Widows' Day.". Description: Designates June 23 of each year as "International Widows' Day."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates June of each year as "Gun Violence Awareness Month.". Description: Designates June of each year as "Gun Violence Awareness Month."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates month of May of each year as "Children's Mental Health and Trauma Awareness Month.". Description: Designates month of May of each year as "Children's Mental Health and Trauma Awareness Month."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates first week of May of each year as Wounded Warrior Appreciation Week.. Description: Designates first week of May of each year as Wounded Warrior Appreciation Week.
In 2024, New Jersey enrolled a bill titled: Designates second Friday in December of each year as "PSRPs in Our Schools Day" in New Jersey to recognize contributions of paraprofessionals and school-related personnel (PSRPs).. Description: Designates second Friday in December of each year as "PSRPs in Our Schools Day" in New Jersey to recognize contributions of paraprofessionals and school-related personnel (PSRPs).
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates October 27th of each year as "Tree of Life Remembrance Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates October 27th of each year as "Tree of Life Remembrance Day" in New Jersey.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates May 17 of each year as "Necrotizing Enterocolitis Awareness Day.". Description: Designates May 17 of each year as "Necrotizing Enterocolitis Awareness Day."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Declares NJ "Purple Heart State.". Description: Declares NJ "Purple Heart State."
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates month of July as "Diverse Business Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates month of July as "Diverse Business Month" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates cranberry juice as State juice.. Description: Designates cranberry juice as State juice.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates annual Lunar New Year in NJ.. Description: Designates annual Lunar New Year in NJ.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Grants certain leaves of absence for Vietnam Veterans of America conventions.. Description: Grants certain leaves of absence for Vietnam Veterans of America conventions.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes FY 2022 supplemental appropriations of $71,786,000.. Description: Makes FY 2022 supplemental appropriations of $71,786,000.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Stay NJ property tax credit program; establishes Stay NJ Task Force; expands income limit and modifies ownership requirement for eligibility to receive homestead property tax reimbursement; enhances ANCHOR benefits for seniors; and makes appropriations.. Description: Establishes Stay NJ property tax credit program; establishes Stay NJ Task Force; expands income limit and modifies ownership requirement for eligibility to receive homestead property tax reimbursement; enhances ANCHOR benefits for seniors; and makes appropriations.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides that farm, farmstand, or other agricultural operation selling firewood obtained from property other than seller's shall not be considered lumber yard; prohibits sale of untreated firewood from outside of State.. Description: Provides that farm, farmstand, or other agricultural operation selling firewood obtained from property other than seller's shall not be considered lumber yard; prohibits sale of untreated firewood from outside of State.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for retained eligibility for members of NJ National Guard or reserve component called to active federal military service who met fire department maximum age requirement at closing date of civil service examination.. Description: Provides for retained eligibility for members of NJ National Guard or reserve component called to active federal military service who met fire department maximum age requirement at closing date of civil service examination.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DEP to make certain information regarding water purveyors available on its Internet website.. Description: Requires DEP to make certain information regarding water purveyors available on its Internet website.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public utility requesting rate increase to hold public hearings in every county.. Description: Requires public utility requesting rate increase to hold public hearings in every county.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes creation of special license plates commemorating horse as State animal.. Description: Authorizes creation of special license plates commemorating horse as State animal.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Raises pay for election workers to $300 per day; permits counties to provide additional compensation to election workers; appropriates $7,000,000 to Department of State.. Description: Raises pay for election workers to $300 per day; permits counties to provide additional compensation to election workers; appropriates $7,000,000 to Department of State.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain health care facilities to adopt and implement policies to prevent exposure to surgical smoke via use of smoke evacuation system.. Description: Requires certain health care facilities to adopt and implement policies to prevent exposure to surgical smoke via use of smoke evacuation system.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands wage and hour law good-faith violation defense to DOLWD employee interpretations; establishes procedure for employer to obtain opinion from DOLWD on overtime obligations.. Description: Expands wage and hour law good-faith violation defense to DOLWD employee interpretations; establishes procedure for employer to obtain opinion from DOLWD on overtime obligations.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes military service members, spouses, and dependents with out-of-state domicile to operate motor vehicles in New Jersey.. Description: Authorizes military service members, spouses, and dependents with out-of-state domicile to operate motor vehicles in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires New Jersey Racing Commission to adopt procedures to enforce internal controls; requires annual audit.. Description: Requires New Jersey Racing Commission to adopt procedures to enforce internal controls; requires annual audit.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes crime of "sexual extortion": using explicit sexual images to extort victims.. Description: Establishes crime of "sexual extortion": using explicit sexual images to extort victims.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs Division of Gaming Enforcement to issue regulation to require name of Atlantic City casino be printed on its Internet gaming websites and advertisements.. Description: Directs Division of Gaming Enforcement to issue regulation to require name of Atlantic City casino be printed on its Internet gaming websites and advertisements.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows planning and zoning board members to satisfy training requirements on Internet.. Description: Allows planning and zoning board members to satisfy training requirements on Internet.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits operation of pedicabs and alcoholic beverage consumption by passengers of pedicabs in certain circumstances.. Description: Permits operation of pedicabs and alcoholic beverage consumption by passengers of pedicabs in certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State agencies to make their websites accessible to people with disabilities and on mobile devices.. Description: Requires State agencies to make their websites accessible to people with disabilities and on mobile devices.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Extends validity of and eliminates issuance fee for temporary instructional certificate issued to military spouse; requires expedited processing of military spouse application for NJ instructional certificate and eliminates fee to obtain certificate.. Description: Extends validity of and eliminates issuance fee for temporary instructional certificate issued to military spouse; requires expedited processing of military spouse application for NJ instructional certificate and eliminates fee to obtain certificate.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns professional licensing and application fees for spouse or dependent of active duty member of United States Armed Forces.. Description: Concerns professional licensing and application fees for spouse or dependent of active duty member of United States Armed Forces.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases from 18 to 21 age at which person is eligible to receive firearms purchaser identification.. Description: Increases from 18 to 21 age at which person is eligible to receive firearms purchaser identification.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits tax preparation software companies from charging fee for electronically filing State tax returns.. Description: Prohibits tax preparation software companies from charging fee for electronically filing State tax returns.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes new transparency standards for pharmacy benefits manager business practices.. Description: Establishes new transparency standards for pharmacy benefits manager business practices.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes use of school bus monitoring systems.. Description: Authorizes use of school bus monitoring systems.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for expedited construction inspections.. Description: Provides for expedited construction inspections.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "New Jersey Works Act"; concerns businesses and pre-employment training programs; provides tax credit to businesses supporting pre-employment training programs; appropriates $3 million.. Description: "New Jersey Works Act"; concerns businesses and pre-employment training programs; provides tax credit to businesses supporting pre-employment training programs; appropriates $3 million.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns use of steel slag as aggregate.. Description: Concerns use of steel slag as aggregate.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands purposes for which civil asset forfeiture funds may be used by law enforcement agency.. Description: Expands purposes for which civil asset forfeiture funds may be used by law enforcement agency.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Exempts discharge of student loan debt of certain veterans through the federal Total and Permanent Disability discharge process from taxation under the gross income tax.. Description: Exempts discharge of student loan debt of certain veterans through the federal Total and Permanent Disability discharge process from taxation under the gross income tax.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Second Chance Program in charge of providing opportunities through labor organizations for formerly incarcerated individuals.. Description: Establishes Second Chance Program in charge of providing opportunities through labor organizations for formerly incarcerated individuals.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides service credit for PERS member for former membership in transit retirement program.. Description: Provides service credit for PERS member for former membership in transit retirement program.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Easy Enrollment Health Insurance Program.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Easy Enrollment Health Insurance Program.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes funding to protect safety of cooperating witnesses; expands Crime Victim's Bill of Rights to provide these witnesses with certain guarantees.. Description: Authorizes funding to protect safety of cooperating witnesses; expands Crime Victim's Bill of Rights to provide these witnesses with certain guarantees.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Homelessness Prevention Program agencies to remain open during public health emergency and provides for funding of each agency.. Description: Requires Homelessness Prevention Program agencies to remain open during public health emergency and provides for funding of each agency.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for discounted resident trapping license fees for senior citizens.. Description: Provides for discounted resident trapping license fees for senior citizens.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows certain volunteer firefighters, rescue and first aid squad members to claim $2,000 gross income tax exemption.. Description: Allows certain volunteer firefighters, rescue and first aid squad members to claim $2,000 gross income tax exemption.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for reciprocity of certain out-of-State EMT certification; establishes criminal history record background check process.. Description: Provides for reciprocity of certain out-of-State EMT certification; establishes criminal history record background check process.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Waives certain professional and occupational licensing fees for veterans and spouses of veterans.. Description: Waives certain professional and occupational licensing fees for veterans and spouses of veterans.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes creation of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. license plates.. Description: Authorizes creation of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. license plates.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates conviction of indictable offense as automatic disqualifier for jury service under certain circumstances.. Description: Eliminates conviction of indictable offense as automatic disqualifier for jury service under certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes the issuance of Kappa Alpha Psi license plates.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of Kappa Alpha Psi license plates.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns licensure of persons rendering barbering services in another state or foreign country.. Description: Concerns licensure of persons rendering barbering services in another state or foreign country.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires entities to remove abandoned lines and mark information on certain lines.. Description: Requires entities to remove abandoned lines and mark information on certain lines.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs Chief Technology Officer to conduct study on impacts of redacting handwritten signatures published on State websites; allows for protocols for such redactions to be established by rules and regulations.. Description: Directs Chief Technology Officer to conduct study on impacts of redacting handwritten signatures published on State websites; allows for protocols for such redactions to be established by rules and regulations.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DHS and other appropriate state agencies to disseminate information on transportation options for persons with developmental disabilities.. Description: Requires DHS and other appropriate state agencies to disseminate information on transportation options for persons with developmental disabilities.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DEP to prioritize funding for environmental infrastructure projects for applicants with established program to employ, at project or related facilities, local residents or residents of nearby urban aid qualifying municipalities.. Description: Requires DEP to prioritize funding for environmental infrastructure projects for applicants with established program to employ, at project or related facilities, local residents or residents of nearby urban aid qualifying municipalities.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires discrimination prevention training for certain providers of services to senior citizens.. Description: Requires discrimination prevention training for certain providers of services to senior citizens.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires institutions of higher education to implement suicide prevention programs and raise awareness of mental health services.. Description: Requires institutions of higher education to implement suicide prevention programs and raise awareness of mental health services.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires high school students to complete financial aid applications.. Description: Requires high school students to complete financial aid applications.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires financial aid award letter provided by institutions of higher education and certain proprietary schools be consistent with financial aid shopping sheet.. Description: Requires financial aid award letter provided by institutions of higher education and certain proprietary schools be consistent with financial aid shopping sheet.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires continuing care retirement community agreements to require refund of refundable entrance fees within one year.. Description: Requires continuing care retirement community agreements to require refund of refundable entrance fees within one year.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises SNAP eligibility requirements for certain students attending institutions of higher education.. Description: Revises SNAP eligibility requirements for certain students attending institutions of higher education.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes limits on transcript release restrictions at institutions of higher education and certain proprietary institutions.. Description: Establishes limits on transcript release restrictions at institutions of higher education and certain proprietary institutions.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows municipalities to adjust deadline to apply for short-term exemption or abatement for dwellings; requires provision of notice to purchasers of dwellings in areas in need of rehabilitation under certain circumstances.. Description: Allows municipalities to adjust deadline to apply for short-term exemption or abatement for dwellings; requires provision of notice to purchasers of dwellings in areas in need of rehabilitation under certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs the suspension, by operation of law, of certain offenders' child support obligations.. Description: Directs the suspension, by operation of law, of certain offenders' child support obligations.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Updates requirements and standards for authorization and prior authorization of health care services.. Description: Updates requirements and standards for authorization and prior authorization of health care services.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires MVC to establish system for salvage processors to electronically process salvage certificates of title.. Description: Requires MVC to establish system for salvage processors to electronically process salvage certificates of title.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DEP to develop and implement electric school bus program; provides for $15 million in first year and $15 million annually in subsequent two years to DEP, subject to availability, to provide grants.. Description: Requires DEP to develop and implement electric school bus program; provides for $15 million in first year and $15 million annually in subsequent two years to DEP, subject to availability, to provide grants.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Regulates sale of handgun ammunition and develops system of electronic reporting of handgun ammunition sales.. Description: Regulates sale of handgun ammunition and develops system of electronic reporting of handgun ammunition sales.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns eligibility for unemployment benefits.. Description: Concerns eligibility for unemployment benefits.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises criteria to establish base year for homestead property tax reimbursement after relocation.. Description: Revises criteria to establish base year for homestead property tax reimbursement after relocation.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs State Lottery Commission to permit lottery player to submit and validate lottery claims of $600 or more via Internet, mobile application, or other electronic means.. Description: Directs State Lottery Commission to permit lottery player to submit and validate lottery claims of $600 or more via Internet, mobile application, or other electronic means.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates driver's license suspension for failure to pay parking tickets; requires registration suspension for more than five parking tickets.. Description: Eliminates driver's license suspension for failure to pay parking tickets; requires registration suspension for more than five parking tickets.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases maximum penalty for certain violations concerning asbestos hazard abatement; allocates moneys from increased penalties to asbestos programs.. Description: Increases maximum penalty for certain violations concerning asbestos hazard abatement; allocates moneys from increased penalties to asbestos programs.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires each solid waste management district to develop strategy in solid waste management plan to reduce food waste.. Description: Requires each solid waste management district to develop strategy in solid waste management plan to reduce food waste.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits county clerk or register of deeds and mortgages to issue identification card to Gold Star Family Member.. Description: Permits county clerk or register of deeds and mortgages to issue identification card to Gold Star Family Member.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies penalties for certain violations of pretrial release; directs prosecutor to provide written notice of release to victim.. Description: Clarifies penalties for certain violations of pretrial release; directs prosecutor to provide written notice of release to victim.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits court from awarding custody of or limiting visitation with child based on certain factors.. Description: Prohibits court from awarding custody of or limiting visitation with child based on certain factors.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides certain protections and rights for temporary laborers.. Description: Provides certain protections and rights for temporary laborers.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires court to consider information concerning coercive control in domestic violence proceedings.. Description: Requires court to consider information concerning coercive control in domestic violence proceedings.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases allowance paid to war veterans with certain service-connected disabilities.. Description: Increases allowance paid to war veterans with certain service-connected disabilities.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits late penalties from being made against senior citizen tenants in certain senior citizen rental housing in certain circumstances.. Description: Prohibits late penalties from being made against senior citizen tenants in certain senior citizen rental housing in certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits chair or booth rentals for the purpose of providing cosmetology and hairstyling services or ancillary services.. Description: Permits chair or booth rentals for the purpose of providing cosmetology and hairstyling services or ancillary services.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes annual sales tax holiday for retail sales of computers, school computer supplies, school art supplies, school instructional materials and sport or recreational equipment.. Description: Establishes annual sales tax holiday for retail sales of computers, school computer supplies, school art supplies, school instructional materials and sport or recreational equipment.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes it fourth degree crime to engage in certain tracking and location activities.. Description: Makes it fourth degree crime to engage in certain tracking and location activities.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes surviving spouse or family member of decedent to use motor vehicle registration certificate of decedent until registration certificate expires.. Description: Authorizes surviving spouse or family member of decedent to use motor vehicle registration certificate of decedent until registration certificate expires.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Updates notice requirements for actions alleging consumer fraud violations and adds indirect purchasers as parties who can receive damages for antitrust violations.. Description: Updates notice requirements for actions alleging consumer fraud violations and adds indirect purchasers as parties who can receive damages for antitrust violations.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public transportation employees to complete training course on handling and responding to suspected human trafficking; requires inclusion of certain content in certain courses.. Description: Requires public transportation employees to complete training course on handling and responding to suspected human trafficking; requires inclusion of certain content in certain courses.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes issuance of special license plates for alumni of four-year public institutions of higher education.. Description: Authorizes issuance of special license plates for alumni of four-year public institutions of higher education.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires MVC to provide customer service telephone number at motor vehicle inspection facilities.. Description: Requires MVC to provide customer service telephone number at motor vehicle inspection facilities.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes $2.5 million in federal funds available to EDA to support veteran-owned businesses in need.. Description: Makes $2.5 million in federal funds available to EDA to support veteran-owned businesses in need.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows shore municipalities to provide spouse and dependent children of veterans free or reduced cost access to beaches.. Description: Allows shore municipalities to provide spouse and dependent children of veterans free or reduced cost access to beaches.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires ingredients of menstrual products to be listed on package.. Description: Requires ingredients of menstrual products to be listed on package.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates resume bank for certain persons with disabilities.. Description: Creates resume bank for certain persons with disabilities.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Secretary of Higher Education and DOLWD to establish performance quality standards for career-oriented programs of study offered by institutions of higher education, degree-granting proprietary institutions, and private career schools.. Description: Requires Secretary of Higher Education and DOLWD to establish performance quality standards for career-oriented programs of study offered by institutions of higher education, degree-granting proprietary institutions, and private career schools.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes permanent unit in Office of Emergency Management to address access and functional needs of residents related to disasters and emergencies.. Description: Establishes permanent unit in Office of Emergency Management to address access and functional needs of residents related to disasters and emergencies.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires domestic violence orders to be issued in other languages in addition to English under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires domestic violence orders to be issued in other languages in addition to English under certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Commission on Human Trafficking to post public awareness signage in additional establishments.. Description: Requires Commission on Human Trafficking to post public awareness signage in additional establishments.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes pilot program in certain municipalities to make grants available to non-profit organizations to perform outreach regarding VCCO.. Description: Establishes pilot program in certain municipalities to make grants available to non-profit organizations to perform outreach regarding VCCO.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes presumption that VCCO will order payment to victim of crime.. Description: Establishes presumption that VCCO will order payment to victim of crime.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires VCCO to issue annual report to Governor and Legislature.. Description: Requires VCCO to issue annual report to Governor and Legislature.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires standard certification period of 12 and 24 months, under certain circumstances, within SNAP.. Description: Requires standard certification period of 12 and 24 months, under certain circumstances, within SNAP.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $750,000 to Department of Law and Public Safety for public awareness campaign of victims' rights and VCCO assistance.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $750,000 to Department of Law and Public Safety for public awareness campaign of victims' rights and VCCO assistance.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires members, officers, and employees of Legislature to undergo implicit bias and cultural competency training.. Description: Requires members, officers, and employees of Legislature to undergo implicit bias and cultural competency training.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires cultural diversity and implicit bias training be included in police basic training curriculum.. Description: Requires cultural diversity and implicit bias training be included in police basic training curriculum.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Attorney General to perform outreach and provide services to victims of human trafficking under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires Attorney General to perform outreach and provide services to victims of human trafficking under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands duties of Commission on Human Trafficking to prevent human trafficking in women and children of color.. Description: Expands duties of Commission on Human Trafficking to prevent human trafficking in women and children of color.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires AG to address human trafficking in underserved communities.. Description: Requires AG to address human trafficking in underserved communities.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises effects of delinquency and insolvency proceedings against insurer-members of federal home loan banks.. Description: Revises effects of delinquency and insolvency proceedings against insurer-members of federal home loan banks.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires installation of operational automatic rain sensor or smart sprinkler as condition of sale of certain real properties, and on certain commercial, retail, and industrial properties and common interest communities within specified timeframes.. Description: Requires installation of operational automatic rain sensor or smart sprinkler as condition of sale of certain real properties, and on certain commercial, retail, and industrial properties and common interest communities within specified timeframes.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows Attorney General to bring cause of action for certain public nuisance violations arising from sale or marketing of firearms.. Description: Allows Attorney General to bring cause of action for certain public nuisance violations arising from sale or marketing of firearms.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DCA provide certain information on low-income home energy assistance program, annually update program handbook and issue program request for proposal, and provide quarterly training sessions on administering program.. Description: Requires DCA provide certain information on low-income home energy assistance program, annually update program handbook and issue program request for proposal, and provide quarterly training sessions on administering program.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Career and Technical Education Scholar Awards" to annually recognize outstanding career and technical education students.. Description: Establishes "Career and Technical Education Scholar Awards" to annually recognize outstanding career and technical education students.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies that member of SPRS may receive accidental disability benefit under certain circumstances.. Description: Clarifies that member of SPRS may receive accidental disability benefit under certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires telecommunications, cable television, and Internet service providers to allow service recipients to terminate service contracts following physician's referral to long-term care facility.. Description: Requires telecommunications, cable television, and Internet service providers to allow service recipients to terminate service contracts following physician's referral to long-term care facility.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates "Pollinator Pathway" designation for municipalities.. Description: Creates "Pollinator Pathway" designation for municipalities.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs DEP to establish pollinator habitat program for closed landfills.. Description: Directs DEP to establish pollinator habitat program for closed landfills.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases maximum number of respite care service hours funded through DCF for certain families. Description: Increases maximum number of respite care service hours funded through DCF for certain families
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "pollinator-friendly" label for plants.. Description: Establishes "pollinator-friendly" label for plants.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Enhanced Crossing and Crosswalk Pilot Program" in Bergen County.. Description: Establishes "Enhanced Crossing and Crosswalk Pilot Program" in Bergen County.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Menstrual Hygiene Products Program," appropriates $200,000.. Description: Establishes "Menstrual Hygiene Products Program," appropriates $200,000.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes requirements for State to enter into contract for purchase of menstrual products.. Description: Establishes requirements for State to enter into contract for purchase of menstrual products.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires certain providers to perform intimate partner violence screenings and all health care professionals to take certain actions to prevent perpetrators of intimate partner violence from obtaining copies of victim's medical record.. Description: Requires certain providers to perform intimate partner violence screenings and all health care professionals to take certain actions to prevent perpetrators of intimate partner violence from obtaining copies of victim's medical record.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns hospitality franchise agreements.. Description: Concerns hospitality franchise agreements.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs certain unclaimed electric, gas, and water public utility deposits in Unclaimed Utility Deposits Trust Fund and societal charge revenues to be paid to Statewide nonprofit public utility assistance organizations meeting certain eligibility criteria.. Description: Directs certain unclaimed electric, gas, and water public utility deposits in Unclaimed Utility Deposits Trust Fund and societal charge revenues to be paid to Statewide nonprofit public utility assistance organizations meeting certain eligibility criteria.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs New Jersey Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Cell, Office of Information Technology, and New Jersey Big Data Alliance to develop advanced cyberinfrastructure strategic plan.. Description: Directs New Jersey Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Cell, Office of Information Technology, and New Jersey Big Data Alliance to develop advanced cyberinfrastructure strategic plan.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows minors to serve as election workers between 5:30 a.m. and 9:00 p.m. on elections days.. Description: Allows minors to serve as election workers between 5:30 a.m. and 9:00 p.m. on elections days.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State Board of Agriculture and Department of Agriculture to adopt rules and regulations concerning confinement of breeding pigs and calves raised for veal.. Description: Requires State Board of Agriculture and Department of Agriculture to adopt rules and regulations concerning confinement of breeding pigs and calves raised for veal.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Virtual Currency and Blockchain Regulation Act.". Description: "Virtual Currency and Blockchain Regulation Act."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes central registry for sickle cell trait diagnoses; provides for informational outreach and genetic counseling.. Description: Establishes central registry for sickle cell trait diagnoses; provides for informational outreach and genetic counseling.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires health insurance carriers to provide coverage for treatment of mental health conditions and substance use disorders through collaborative care.. Description: Requires health insurance carriers to provide coverage for treatment of mental health conditions and substance use disorders through collaborative care.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Medicaid Fraud Division to enter into data sharing agreement upon request of county to provide access to third party insurance liability data regarding certain COVID-19 related health claims.. Description: Requires Medicaid Fraud Division to enter into data sharing agreement upon request of county to provide access to third party insurance liability data regarding certain COVID-19 related health claims.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires embryo storage facilities to record and report health information of patients in manner that is consistent with certain federal laws.. Description: Requires embryo storage facilities to record and report health information of patients in manner that is consistent with certain federal laws.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Reduces from 18 to 12 specific credit hours required for Animal Health Technician job title in civil service; allows substitution of five years of experience for education requirement.. Description: Reduces from 18 to 12 specific credit hours required for Animal Health Technician job title in civil service; allows substitution of five years of experience for education requirement.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Human Services to request authorization for SNAP benefits to be used to pay delivery charges for online grocery purchases.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Human Services to request authorization for SNAP benefits to be used to pay delivery charges for online grocery purchases.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "New Jersey Disability Savings Act.". Description: "New Jersey Disability Savings Act."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends transmittal date deadline for fiscal year 2022-2023 gubernatorial budget message to Legislature from fourth Tuesday in February to March 8, 2022.. Description: Extends transmittal date deadline for fiscal year 2022-2023 gubernatorial budget message to Legislature from fourth Tuesday in February to March 8, 2022.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends applicability of law prohibiting sale and distribution of plastic and paper carryout bags to food banks and food pantries; appropriates $600,000.. Description: Amends applicability of law prohibiting sale and distribution of plastic and paper carryout bags to food banks and food pantries; appropriates $600,000.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public schools, and nonpublic schools which receive federal funding, to provide students with information on rights afforded under Title IX, and provide contact information for Title IX coordinator.. Description: Requires public schools, and nonpublic schools which receive federal funding, to provide students with information on rights afforded under Title IX, and provide contact information for Title IX coordinator.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Department of Education to annually report use of federal COVID-19 relief funds.. Description: Requires Department of Education to annually report use of federal COVID-19 relief funds.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes professional board to regulate home improvement and home elevation contractors and requires licensure for each type of contractor.. Description: Establishes professional board to regulate home improvement and home elevation contractors and requires licensure for each type of contractor.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows member of PFRS who is police chief and fire department chief to serve until age 67 under certain conditions.. Description: Allows member of PFRS who is police chief and fire department chief to serve until age 67 under certain conditions.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes creation of Domestic Violence Awareness license plates.. Description: Authorizes creation of Domestic Violence Awareness license plates.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends authorization for Internet gaming law to 2028.. Description: Extends authorization for Internet gaming law to 2028.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises emergency care services referral standards for providers of telemedicine and telehealth.. Description: Revises emergency care services referral standards for providers of telemedicine and telehealth.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes school district that moves its annual school election to November to submit separate proposals for additional spending for budget year and subsequent budget year.. Description: Authorizes school district that moves its annual school election to November to submit separate proposals for additional spending for budget year and subsequent budget year.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides gross income tax deduction to eligible educators and paraprofessionals for expense of classroom supplies.. Description: Provides gross income tax deduction to eligible educators and paraprofessionals for expense of classroom supplies.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates one percent tax on purchasers of Class 4A commercial property transferred for consideration in excess of $1 million.. Description: Eliminates one percent tax on purchasers of Class 4A commercial property transferred for consideration in excess of $1 million.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOT, NJT, and DHS to study and implement transportation mobility and accessibility improvements for persons with autism and developmental disabilities.. Description: Requires DOT, NJT, and DHS to study and implement transportation mobility and accessibility improvements for persons with autism and developmental disabilities.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises civil remedies for victims of invasion of privacy due to unauthorized recording or disclosure of sexual or intimate images.. Description: Revises civil remedies for victims of invasion of privacy due to unauthorized recording or disclosure of sexual or intimate images.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes process for formation of professional limited liability companies.. Description: Establishes process for formation of professional limited liability companies.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows commercial farmer to be awarded reasonable costs and attorney fees for defending against bad faith complaints under "Right to Farm Act".. Description: Allows commercial farmer to be awarded reasonable costs and attorney fees for defending against bad faith complaints under "Right to Farm Act".
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits a marriage or civil union license to be issued and solemnized via audio-visual technology.. Description: Permits a marriage or civil union license to be issued and solemnized via audio-visual technology.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits court to effectuate equitable distribution when complaint for divorce or dissolution of civil union has been filed and either party has died prior to final judgment; provides that surviving party would not receive intestate or elective share.. Description: Permits court to effectuate equitable distribution when complaint for divorce or dissolution of civil union has been filed and either party has died prior to final judgment; provides that surviving party would not receive intestate or elective share.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for streamlining of SNAP application process and establishes SNAP application call center; appropriates $750,000.. Description: Provides for streamlining of SNAP application process and establishes SNAP application call center; appropriates $750,000.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates requirement that participation in NJ SNAP Employment and Training Program is mandatory for certain recipients.. Description: Eliminates requirement that participation in NJ SNAP Employment and Training Program is mandatory for certain recipients.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DHS to maintain SNAP outreach plan and to conduct additional outreach programs.. Description: Requires DHS to maintain SNAP outreach plan and to conduct additional outreach programs.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DHS to submit federal waiver request regarding time limits for certain SNAP recipients under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires DHS to submit federal waiver request regarding time limits for certain SNAP recipients under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns SNAP services provided at county boards of social services; appropriates $250,000.. Description: Concerns SNAP services provided at county boards of social services; appropriates $250,000.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $813,000 to DHS to implement use of electronic benefit transfer cards in Senior Farmers' Market Nutrition Program.. Description: Appropriates $813,000 to DHS to implement use of electronic benefit transfer cards in Senior Farmers' Market Nutrition Program.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires school food authorities to engage in public education campaigns and develop promotional materials to educate parents and guardians of students about existing and expanding school meals program options.. Description: Requires school food authorities to engage in public education campaigns and develop promotional materials to educate parents and guardians of students about existing and expanding school meals program options.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes State SNAP Minimum Benefit Program; appropriates $18 million to DHS.. Description: Establishes State SNAP Minimum Benefit Program; appropriates $18 million to DHS.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires schools to provide free school breakfasts and lunches to students from working class, middle-income families; designated as "Working Class Families' Anti-Hunger Act.". Description: Requires schools to provide free school breakfasts and lunches to students from working class, middle-income families; designated as "Working Class Families' Anti-Hunger Act."
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Digital Asset and Blockchain Technology Act.". Description: "Digital Asset and Blockchain Technology Act."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows person on police officer or firefighter eligible list who is unable to complete requirements for employment due to certain military service to have name placed on subsequent eligible list.. Description: Allows person on police officer or firefighter eligible list who is unable to complete requirements for employment due to certain military service to have name placed on subsequent eligible list.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies procedures for restoration of driver's license after suspension or revocation; concerns waiver of penalties for operating vehicle while license is suspended or revoked under certain circumstances.. Description: Clarifies procedures for restoration of driver's license after suspension or revocation; concerns waiver of penalties for operating vehicle while license is suspended or revoked under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes rebuttable presumption of pretrial detention for defendants who commit certain firearm offenses under Graves Act.. Description: Establishes rebuttable presumption of pretrial detention for defendants who commit certain firearm offenses under Graves Act.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Defines indigent veteran and veteran status for certain veteran interment purposes.. Description: Defines indigent veteran and veteran status for certain veteran interment purposes.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits court to order transfer of billing responsibility for, and rights to, wireless telephone number to certain victims of domestic violence or stalking.. Description: Permits court to order transfer of billing responsibility for, and rights to, wireless telephone number to certain victims of domestic violence or stalking.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires consumer reporting agencies to increase protection of consumers' personal information.. Description: Requires consumer reporting agencies to increase protection of consumers' personal information.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides that certain cosmetology and hairstyling courses may be taught using distance learning technology.. Description: Provides that certain cosmetology and hairstyling courses may be taught using distance learning technology.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires information on seizure first-aid to be disseminated to employers.. Description: Requires information on seizure first-aid to be disseminated to employers.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires chief law enforcement officer of municipal police departments to hold two community roundtables on police relations each year.. Description: Requires chief law enforcement officer of municipal police departments to hold two community roundtables on police relations each year.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires court to consider certain domestic violence convictions when considering alimony award; permits alimony modification based on certain subsequent domestic violence convictions.. Description: Requires court to consider certain domestic violence convictions when considering alimony award; permits alimony modification based on certain subsequent domestic violence convictions.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires New Jersey Historical Commission to establish Black Heritage Trail; permits New Jersey Black Cultural and Heritage Initiative Foundation to use funds for markers on certain trail sites; appropriates $1 million.. Description: Requires New Jersey Historical Commission to establish Black Heritage Trail; permits New Jersey Black Cultural and Heritage Initiative Foundation to use funds for markers on certain trail sites; appropriates $1 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits veteran to receive credit toward licensure as licensed practical nurse upon completing certain military medical training programs.. Description: Permits veteran to receive credit toward licensure as licensed practical nurse upon completing certain military medical training programs.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits DMVA to receive voluntary contributions for veteran suicide prevention public service announcements.. Description: Permits DMVA to receive voluntary contributions for veteran suicide prevention public service announcements.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows instructional wine making facilities to sell wine for on premises consumption at certain events and donate wine to non-profits and charitable organizations.. Description: Allows instructional wine making facilities to sell wine for on premises consumption at certain events and donate wine to non-profits and charitable organizations.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes certification card for individuals diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder.. Description: Establishes certification card for individuals diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Excludes certain income earned from health promotion or disease prevention work from income eligibility determination under NJ FamilyCare, WFNJ, and NJ SNAP.. Description: Excludes certain income earned from health promotion or disease prevention work from income eligibility determination under NJ FamilyCare, WFNJ, and NJ SNAP.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes NJ Native Seed Commission to develop plan to increase production and use of native seeds in State.. Description: Establishes NJ Native Seed Commission to develop plan to increase production and use of native seeds in State.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs DEP to establish leasing program for State-owned land to be used and managed as pollinator habitat.. Description: Directs DEP to establish leasing program for State-owned land to be used and managed as pollinator habitat.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires NJT to pay certain persons one-and-a-half times regular rate for work during period of commercial vehicle travel restriction issued by DOT.. Description: Requires NJT to pay certain persons one-and-a-half times regular rate for work during period of commercial vehicle travel restriction issued by DOT.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises State financial aid requirements to align with simplification of Free Application for Federal Student Aid under federal law.. Description: Revises State financial aid requirements to align with simplification of Free Application for Federal Student Aid under federal law.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides employment protections for paid first responders diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder under certain conditions.. Description: Provides employment protections for paid first responders diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder under certain conditions.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public water systems to provide certain notice of boil water notices.. Description: Requires public water systems to provide certain notice of boil water notices.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates Common Eastern Bumble Bee as New Jersey State Native Pollinator.. Description: Designates Common Eastern Bumble Bee as New Jersey State Native Pollinator.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Healthy Soils Program; establishes grant program for soil testing of urban agriculture sites; establishes Urban Agriculture Site Soil Testing Fund.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Healthy Soils Program; establishes grant program for soil testing of urban agriculture sites; establishes Urban Agriculture Site Soil Testing Fund.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows individuals that have undergone certain background checks, including individuals with certain commercial driver license endorsements, to renew license online or by mail.. Description: Allows individuals that have undergone certain background checks, including individuals with certain commercial driver license endorsements, to renew license online or by mail.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes court to include in domestic violence restraining orders a provision making the order applicable to a pregnant victim's child upon birth of the child.. Description: Authorizes court to include in domestic violence restraining orders a provision making the order applicable to a pregnant victim's child upon birth of the child.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires transportation network company drivers to complete anti-human trafficking training course.. Description: Requires transportation network company drivers to complete anti-human trafficking training course.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes minimum Medicaid reimbursement rates for brain injury services.. Description: Establishes minimum Medicaid reimbursement rates for brain injury services.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies juvenile's right to attorney representation.. Description: Clarifies juvenile's right to attorney representation.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes grants to purchase and rehabilitate abandoned homes for homeless veterans.. Description: Authorizes grants to purchase and rehabilitate abandoned homes for homeless veterans.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes entity responsible for management of NJ School of Conservation to nonprofit organization, and directs DOE to request funding for center annually.. Description: Changes entity responsible for management of NJ School of Conservation to nonprofit organization, and directs DOE to request funding for center annually.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State Board of Education to administer New Jersey Graduation Proficiency Assessment as field test for class of 2023.. Description: Requires State Board of Education to administer New Jersey Graduation Proficiency Assessment as field test for class of 2023.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Health Care Heroes Violence Prevention Act.". Description: Establishes "Health Care Heroes Violence Prevention Act."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DHS and DOH to submit federal waivers to cover menstrual products under NJ FamilyCare, SNAP, WIC and establishes State funded benefit if federal waiver is denied; appropriates $2 million for State benefit.. Description: Requires DHS and DOH to submit federal waivers to cover menstrual products under NJ FamilyCare, SNAP, WIC and establishes State funded benefit if federal waiver is denied; appropriates $2 million for State benefit.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "New Jersey Feminine Hygiene Products for the Homeless Act.". Description: Establishes "New Jersey Feminine Hygiene Products for the Homeless Act."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Women's Menstrual Health Program to identify and assist patients with symptoms related to endometriosis and polycystic ovary syndrome.. Description: Establishes Women's Menstrual Health Program to identify and assist patients with symptoms related to endometriosis and polycystic ovary syndrome.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DHS to employ Transportation Planning Coordinator to oversee provision of transportation services.. Description: Requires DHS to employ Transportation Planning Coordinator to oversee provision of transportation services.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits public officials from accepting virtual currency and non-fungible tokens as gifts.. Description: Prohibits public officials from accepting virtual currency and non-fungible tokens as gifts.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Blockchain Promotion and Integration Program.. Description: Establishes Blockchain Promotion and Integration Program.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires professional licensing boards to issue licenses for certain individuals with good standing licenses or certification in other jurisdictions under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires professional licensing boards to issue licenses for certain individuals with good standing licenses or certification in other jurisdictions under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires BPU to conduct study of effect of coronavirus 2019 pandemic on local and public utility service and to quarterly collect and publish certain local and public utility service and customer information.. Description: Requires BPU to conduct study of effect of coronavirus 2019 pandemic on local and public utility service and to quarterly collect and publish certain local and public utility service and customer information.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Medicaid reimbursement for covered behavioral health services provided by local education agency to student who is eligible Medicaid beneficiary.. Description: Requires Medicaid reimbursement for covered behavioral health services provided by local education agency to student who is eligible Medicaid beneficiary.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Annual Business Matchmaking Event" in Department of Treasury.. Description: Establishes "Annual Business Matchmaking Event" in Department of Treasury.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Organic Farming Board in Department of Agriculture.. Description: Establishes Organic Farming Board in Department of Agriculture.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows license plate frame to obscure certain parts of permanent or temporary license plate under certain conditions.. Description: Allows license plate frame to obscure certain parts of permanent or temporary license plate under certain conditions.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires health insurers to cover colorectal cancer screenings recommended by United States Preventive Services Task Force and eliminates cost-sharing requirements for certain colonoscopies.. Description: Requires health insurers to cover colorectal cancer screenings recommended by United States Preventive Services Task Force and eliminates cost-sharing requirements for certain colonoscopies.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Imposes certain requirements on online marketplaces.. Description: Imposes certain requirements on online marketplaces.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes schools to administer commercial driver license exam and other motor vehicle services for school bus drivers.. Description: Authorizes schools to administer commercial driver license exam and other motor vehicle services for school bus drivers.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes certain individuals to drive Type S school buses.. Description: Authorizes certain individuals to drive Type S school buses.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes certain primary election deadlines.. Description: Changes certain primary election deadlines.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates new level of barbering license and apprenticeships in barbering, and establishes limits to hours of instruction for certain barbering training.. Description: Creates new level of barbering license and apprenticeships in barbering, and establishes limits to hours of instruction for certain barbering training.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires MVC to operate call center to assist with online transactions.. Description: Requires MVC to operate call center to assist with online transactions.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes deadline for filing of acceptance by successful write-in candidate for primary election to on or before the seventh day following certification of election results.. Description: Changes deadline for filing of acceptance by successful write-in candidate for primary election to on or before the seventh day following certification of election results.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for transfers from General Fund to UI trust fund, reduces employer contributions to UI trust fund, assesses contributions from employers to repay transferred amounts, and provides tax credits to small businesses to offset UI tax increases.. Description: Provides for transfers from General Fund to UI trust fund, reduces employer contributions to UI trust fund, assesses contributions from employers to repay transferred amounts, and provides tax credits to small businesses to offset UI tax increases.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "New Voter Empowerment Act"; permits 17 year olds to vote in primary election if they turn 18 years old before next succeeding general election.. Description: "New Voter Empowerment Act"; permits 17 year olds to vote in primary election if they turn 18 years old before next succeeding general election.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Purple Star Schools Program" in DOE to recognize schools which emphasize importance of assisting children of military families.. Description: Establishes "Purple Star Schools Program" in DOE to recognize schools which emphasize importance of assisting children of military families.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits spouses and dependents of military service members to qualify for in-State tuition in event that service member is transferred to another state.. Description: Permits spouses and dependents of military service members to qualify for in-State tuition in event that service member is transferred to another state.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes various changes to New Jersey Task Force on Child Abuse and Neglect; establishes child protection worker caseload standards.. Description: Makes various changes to New Jersey Task Force on Child Abuse and Neglect; establishes child protection worker caseload standards.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires disclosure of lead drinking water hazards to tenants of residential units; prohibits landlords from obstructing replacement of lead service lines; concerns testing of residential units for lead drinking water hazards.. Description: Requires disclosure of lead drinking water hazards to tenants of residential units; prohibits landlords from obstructing replacement of lead service lines; concerns testing of residential units for lead drinking water hazards.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "College Mental Health Services Act"; establishes grant program for public institutions of higher education and requires public institutions of higher education to report certain information concerning mental health treatment and suicides.. Description: "College Mental Health Services Act"; establishes grant program for public institutions of higher education and requires public institutions of higher education to report certain information concerning mental health treatment and suicides.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits court to order counseling for children in households with domestic violence in appropriate cases; establishes presumption of award of custody to domestic violence victim in appropriate cases.. Description: Permits court to order counseling for children in households with domestic violence in appropriate cases; establishes presumption of award of custody to domestic violence victim in appropriate cases.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes student attending institution of higher education to earn credit towards graduation for serving as poll worker.. Description: Authorizes student attending institution of higher education to earn credit towards graduation for serving as poll worker.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes menstrual health public awareness campaign.. Description: Establishes menstrual health public awareness campaign.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Appropriates $2 million in constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to fund grant program for historic preservation of monuments commemorating veterans.. Description: Appropriates $2 million in constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to fund grant program for historic preservation of monuments commemorating veterans.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Internet websites which deal in electronic dissemination of music or audiovisual works to disclose certain information.. Description: Requires Internet websites which deal in electronic dissemination of music or audiovisual works to disclose certain information.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises certain requirements concerning eligibility for reimbursement from "Emergency Medical Technician Training Fund.". Description: Revises certain requirements concerning eligibility for reimbursement from "Emergency Medical Technician Training Fund."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Decouples State tax provisions from federal prohibition on cannabis business deductions.. Description: Decouples State tax provisions from federal prohibition on cannabis business deductions.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows tenant with temporary or permanent restraining order to change locks on residential rental unit.. Description: Allows tenant with temporary or permanent restraining order to change locks on residential rental unit.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires geotechnical testing and certain monitoring of transportation projects.. Description: Requires geotechnical testing and certain monitoring of transportation projects.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires ballot privacy sleeves at polling place; makes various changes to early and mail-in voting procedures; creates online form to update name and residence on existing voter registration record.. Description: Requires ballot privacy sleeves at polling place; makes various changes to early and mail-in voting procedures; creates online form to update name and residence on existing voter registration record.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Specifies circumstances when voter will be removed from permanent vote by mail status and when ballot will be sent to primary address; requires educational campaign; makes appropriation of $5 million.. Description: Specifies circumstances when voter will be removed from permanent vote by mail status and when ballot will be sent to primary address; requires educational campaign; makes appropriation of $5 million.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits unaffiliated mail-in voters from receiving mail-in ballot for primary election; requires election officials to provide such voters certain notices; prohibits mail-in ballot envelopes from containing visible political affiliation or designation for certain elections.. Description: Prohibits unaffiliated mail-in voters from receiving mail-in ballot for primary election; requires election officials to provide such voters certain notices; prohibits mail-in ballot envelopes from containing visible political affiliation or designation for certain elections.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes certain mail-in ballot deadlines; permits opening and canvassing of mail-in ballots prior to election day; permits pickup schedule for certain mail-in ballots; requires confirmation notice when voter changes party affiliation at MVC.. Description: Changes certain mail-in ballot deadlines; permits opening and canvassing of mail-in ballots prior to election day; permits pickup schedule for certain mail-in ballots; requires confirmation notice when voter changes party affiliation at MVC.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires enhanced review of death records two months prior to election; permits remote training for certain election workers; exempts election worker compensation from taxation and remuneration.. Description: Requires enhanced review of death records two months prior to election; permits remote training for certain election workers; exempts election worker compensation from taxation and remuneration.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes crime of fertility fraud.. Description: Establishes crime of fertility fraud.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires online option for cancellation of automatic renewal of health club services subscriptions entered into online; provides additional options for cancelling health club services contracts under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires online option for cancellation of automatic renewal of health club services subscriptions entered into online; provides additional options for cancelling health club services contracts under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes FY2022 supplemental appropriation of $3 million for mosquito control.. Description: Makes FY2022 supplemental appropriation of $3 million for mosquito control.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires MVC to accept certain documentation as proof of social security number for issuance of standard non-driver identification card.. Description: Requires MVC to accept certain documentation as proof of social security number for issuance of standard non-driver identification card.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits alternating proprietorship of certain wineries.. Description: Permits alternating proprietorship of certain wineries.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Travel Insurance Act.". Description: "Travel Insurance Act."
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State to pay for costs to conduct new election if the State is at fault for errors during initial election that requires new election to be held.. Description: Requires State to pay for costs to conduct new election if the State is at fault for errors during initial election that requires new election to be held.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows certain voters residing overseas to vote in certain elections in this State depending on overseas residency or intent to return.. Description: Allows certain voters residing overseas to vote in certain elections in this State depending on overseas residency or intent to return.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits extradition of individual from another state back to that state for actions related to conduct concerning reproductive health care services lawful in this State.. Description: Prohibits extradition of individual from another state back to that state for actions related to conduct concerning reproductive health care services lawful in this State.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns protections with respect to nondisclosure of certain patient information relating to reproductive healthcare services, and protecting access to services and procedures related to abortion for certain out-of-State persons.. Description: Concerns protections with respect to nondisclosure of certain patient information relating to reproductive healthcare services, and protecting access to services and procedures related to abortion for certain out-of-State persons.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Grants child placed in resource family care and resource family parents the right to be notified when case manager or supervisor is assigned to child; grants child in resource family care right to be notified of certain property and benefits.. Description: Grants child placed in resource family care and resource family parents the right to be notified when case manager or supervisor is assigned to child; grants child in resource family care right to be notified of certain property and benefits.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides temporary one-year extension of service life of school buses for 2022-2023 school year; authorizes chief administrator to allow one-year extension in subsequent two school years.. Description: Provides temporary one-year extension of service life of school buses for 2022-2023 school year; authorizes chief administrator to allow one-year extension in subsequent two school years.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Exempts raw, unprocessed honey from DOH cottage food regulations.. Description: Exempts raw, unprocessed honey from DOH cottage food regulations.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Specifies additional services for victims of sex trafficking and domestic violence; makes $1,000,000 appropriation.. Description: Specifies additional services for victims of sex trafficking and domestic violence; makes $1,000,000 appropriation.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies disabled veterans and Purple Heart recipients are not required to own vehicle to be exempt from municipal parking meter fees.. Description: Clarifies disabled veterans and Purple Heart recipients are not required to own vehicle to be exempt from municipal parking meter fees.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs Commissioner of Education to establish three-year pilot program to increase reading levels of certain students; appropriates $1 million.. Description: Directs Commissioner of Education to establish three-year pilot program to increase reading levels of certain students; appropriates $1 million.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits title of Attorney General for person who served as Acting Attorney General for 180 days.. Description: Permits title of Attorney General for person who served as Acting Attorney General for 180 days.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "State Board of Agriculture and State Agriculture Development Committee Transparency Act.". Description: "State Board of Agriculture and State Agriculture Development Committee Transparency Act."
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs State Agriculture Development Committee to provide financial and performance information regarding Farmland Preservation Program.. Description: Directs State Agriculture Development Committee to provide financial and performance information regarding Farmland Preservation Program.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Extends authorization of special occasion events at wineries on preserved farmland; implements reporting requirement.. Description: Extends authorization of special occasion events at wineries on preserved farmland; implements reporting requirement.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State Agriculture Development Committee to compensate owners of preserved farmland for changes in regulations that increase cost of business.. Description: Requires State Agriculture Development Committee to compensate owners of preserved farmland for changes in regulations that increase cost of business.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for presumptive eligibility for home and community-based services and services provided through program of all-inclusive care for the elderly under Medicaid.. Description: Provides for presumptive eligibility for home and community-based services and services provided through program of all-inclusive care for the elderly under Medicaid.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes three-year sickle cell disease pilot program; appropriates $10,200,000.. Description: Establishes three-year sickle cell disease pilot program; appropriates $10,200,000.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Ireland Trade Commission in Department of State.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Ireland Trade Commission in Department of State.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows use of Internet website address in advertisements for purposes of communicating license numbers of burglar alarm, fire alarm, and locksmith businesses and professionals.. Description: Allows use of Internet website address in advertisements for purposes of communicating license numbers of burglar alarm, fire alarm, and locksmith businesses and professionals.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates funds to DEP for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2023.. Description: Appropriates funds to DEP for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2023.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2023.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2023.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public schools to develop threat assessment teams.. Description: Requires public schools to develop threat assessment teams.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits certain mental health professionals working in school districts to refer or help facilitate referral of students to private professional counselors.. Description: Permits certain mental health professionals working in school districts to refer or help facilitate referral of students to private professional counselors.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies that veterinarians are not within ambit of telemedicine and telehealth law.. Description: Clarifies that veterinarians are not within ambit of telemedicine and telehealth law.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends deadlines, under certain circumstances, for completion and commercial operation of certain solar electric power generation facilities.. Description: Extends deadlines, under certain circumstances, for completion and commercial operation of certain solar electric power generation facilities.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State Auditor to annually publish user-friendly report summarizing and analyzing contents of State's Annual Financial Report.. Description: Requires State Auditor to annually publish user-friendly report summarizing and analyzing contents of State's Annual Financial Report.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes County Option Hospital Fee Pilot Program permanent and expands definition of "participating county" under program.. Description: Makes County Option Hospital Fee Pilot Program permanent and expands definition of "participating county" under program.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires health insurers, SHBP, and SEHBP to cover mammograms for women over 35 and women under 35 under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires health insurers, SHBP, and SEHBP to cover mammograms for women over 35 and women under 35 under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires MVC to prompt applicant for certain documents to enter information into "Next-of-Kin Registry.". Description: Requires MVC to prompt applicant for certain documents to enter information into "Next-of-Kin Registry."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Interagency Council on Homelessness.. Description: Establishes Interagency Council on Homelessness.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes various changes concerning regulation of emergency medical services; establishes mobile integrated health program and new State Emergency Medical Services Director in DOH.. Description: Makes various changes concerning regulation of emergency medical services; establishes mobile integrated health program and new State Emergency Medical Services Director in DOH.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows persons who give birth to children in licensed general hospitals to surrender those children under "Safe Haven Infant Protection Act.". Description: Allows persons who give birth to children in licensed general hospitals to surrender those children under "Safe Haven Infant Protection Act."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits sale, manufacture, distribution, and use of firefighting foam containing intentionally added perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances; requires DEP to establish collection and disposal program; appropriates $250,000.. Description: Prohibits sale, manufacture, distribution, and use of firefighting foam containing intentionally added perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances; requires DEP to establish collection and disposal program; appropriates $250,000.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Mandates access to periodic cancer screening examinations for professional firefighters not enrolled in SHBP; makes appropriation.. Description: Mandates access to periodic cancer screening examinations for professional firefighters not enrolled in SHBP; makes appropriation.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOE and DCF to establish online reporting systems for schools and child care centers to report lead testing results.. Description: Requires DOE and DCF to establish online reporting systems for schools and child care centers to report lead testing results.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes NJ Agricultural Literacy Week.. Description: Establishes NJ Agricultural Literacy Week.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises certain restrictions on cannabis establishments' owners; expands scope of review of cannabis establishment license applications and related materials.. Description: Revises certain restrictions on cannabis establishments' owners; expands scope of review of cannabis establishment license applications and related materials.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates various boards, commissions, committees, councils, and task forces created by law.. Description: Eliminates various boards, commissions, committees, councils, and task forces created by law.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns local unit filing requirement for certain shared services agreements.. Description: Concerns local unit filing requirement for certain shared services agreements.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DCA to allow hiring of information technology and cybersecurity professionals pursuant to shared service incentive programs.. Description: Requires DCA to allow hiring of information technology and cybersecurity professionals pursuant to shared service incentive programs.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Updates educational and experience requirements to obtain licensure as architect.. Description: Updates educational and experience requirements to obtain licensure as architect.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Adjusts municipal ballot question for amusement games for future elections and repeals section of law creating office of Amusement Games Control Commissioner.. Description: Adjusts municipal ballot question for amusement games for future elections and repeals section of law creating office of Amusement Games Control Commissioner.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits public disclosure of names and addresses in certain unemployment, temporary disability, and family leave claim appeals documents.. Description: Prohibits public disclosure of names and addresses in certain unemployment, temporary disability, and family leave claim appeals documents.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides sales and use tax exemption for certain purchases made by certain supermarkets and grocery stores located within urban enterprise zones.. Description: Provides sales and use tax exemption for certain purchases made by certain supermarkets and grocery stores located within urban enterprise zones.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Center for Career Relevant Education and Talent Evaluation of New Jersey at Thomas Edison State University.. Description: Establishes Center for Career Relevant Education and Talent Evaluation of New Jersey at Thomas Edison State University.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for transportation infrastructure projects for FY2023; makes appropriation.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for transportation infrastructure projects for FY2023; makes appropriation.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands working hours for minors; updates process for obtaining working papers for minors.. Description: Expands working hours for minors; updates process for obtaining working papers for minors.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for career and technical education at county colleges; appropriates $19,993,837.. Description: Provides project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for career and technical education at county colleges; appropriates $19,993,837.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for career and technical education at county vocational school districts; appropriates $36,960,028.. Description: Provides project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for career and technical education at county vocational school districts; appropriates $36,960,028.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns imposition and collection of sales and use tax for fabrication and installation of signs.. Description: Concerns imposition and collection of sales and use tax for fabrication and installation of signs.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Excludes electricity supplied to recycled materials manufacturing facilities from renewable energy portfolio standards.. Description: Excludes electricity supplied to recycled materials manufacturing facilities from renewable energy portfolio standards.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises law requiring registration with DEP of certain entities engaged in soil and fill recycling services.. Description: Revises law requiring registration with DEP of certain entities engaged in soil and fill recycling services.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits temporary rental assistance for emergency assistance recipients.. Description: Permits temporary rental assistance for emergency assistance recipients.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits seller from imposing certain surcharge for credit card transactions; establishes certain notice requirements regarding surcharge.. Description: Prohibits seller from imposing certain surcharge for credit card transactions; establishes certain notice requirements regarding surcharge.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits certain persons to operate Type S school buses.. Description: Permits certain persons to operate Type S school buses.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Adapts new federal partnership audit regime under gross income tax, ends COVID-related State tax extensions, and eliminates requirement to affirmatively elect New Jersey S Corporation status.. Description: Adapts new federal partnership audit regime under gross income tax, ends COVID-related State tax extensions, and eliminates requirement to affirmatively elect New Jersey S Corporation status.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "New Jersey Target Zero Commission.". Description: Establishes "New Jersey Target Zero Commission."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows certain former members of military reserve units to retain special license plates after conclusion of service.. Description: Allows certain former members of military reserve units to retain special license plates after conclusion of service.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Department of Health to provide information to Statewide 2-1-1 telephone system regarding the location of safe disposal sites for hypodermic syringes and needles and prescription drugs.. Description: Requires Department of Health to provide information to Statewide 2-1-1 telephone system regarding the location of safe disposal sites for hypodermic syringes and needles and prescription drugs.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires firearm retailers to sell microstamping-enabled firearms upon determination of availability by AG.. Description: Requires firearm retailers to sell microstamping-enabled firearms upon determination of availability by AG.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires training prior to issuance of firearms purchaser identification card and permit to purchase handgun under certain circumstances; provides that firearms purchaser identification card is valid for ten years.. Description: Requires training prior to issuance of firearms purchaser identification card and permit to purchase handgun under certain circumstances; provides that firearms purchaser identification card is valid for ten years.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits municipal emergency management coordinators to reside within reasonable proximity to municipality in which they are employed.. Description: Permits municipal emergency management coordinators to reside within reasonable proximity to municipality in which they are employed.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes various revisions to law pertaining to electronic medical records and recording patients' demographic information.. Description: Makes various revisions to law pertaining to electronic medical records and recording patients' demographic information.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides one-year waiver of certain MVC fees imposed for driver's licenses and non-driver identification cards.. Description: Provides one-year waiver of certain MVC fees imposed for driver's licenses and non-driver identification cards.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority; increases Transportation Trust Fund spending limit by $600 million.. Description: Concerns New Jersey Transportation Trust Fund Authority; increases Transportation Trust Fund spending limit by $600 million.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Upgrades certain types of assault against sports officials to aggravated assault.. Description: Upgrades certain types of assault against sports officials to aggravated assault.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOE to establish central registry of individuals and organizations interested in providing supplemental tutoring support to students.. Description: Requires DOE to establish central registry of individuals and organizations interested in providing supplemental tutoring support to students.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires study of ocean energy potential; directs BPU to establish wave and tidal energy generation goals and take other action to establish NJ as nationwide leader in ocean energy.. Description: Requires study of ocean energy potential; directs BPU to establish wave and tidal energy generation goals and take other action to establish NJ as nationwide leader in ocean energy.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Limits common interest community regulation of certain vehicles.. Description: Limits common interest community regulation of certain vehicles.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions of law governing construction of school facilities projects and operations of New Jersey Schools Development Authority; establishes "Charter School and Renaissance School  Project Facilities Loan Program" in EDA.. Description: Revises various provisions of law governing construction of school facilities projects and operations of New Jersey Schools Development Authority; establishes "Charter School and Renaissance School  Project Facilities Loan Program" in EDA.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Modifies languages that examinations are to be conducted in for applicants seeking professional license issued by New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling.. Description: Modifies languages that examinations are to be conducted in for applicants seeking professional license issued by New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits certain non-disclosure and non-disparagement provisions in employment contracts.. Description: Prohibits certain non-disclosure and non-disparagement provisions in employment contracts.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain disclosures by sellers of single-family homes with solar panels installed.. Description: Requires certain disclosures by sellers of single-family homes with solar panels installed.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases fines for failing to report suspected abuse or exploitation of institutionalized elderly person.. Description: Increases fines for failing to report suspected abuse or exploitation of institutionalized elderly person.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Exempts community gardens operating on-site composting systems or other systems of managing organic waste from certain DEP permits under certain conditions.. Description: Exempts community gardens operating on-site composting systems or other systems of managing organic waste from certain DEP permits under certain conditions.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Renames, extends eligibility, and makes various other changes to Primary Care Practitioner Loan Redemption Program.. Description: Renames, extends eligibility, and makes various other changes to Primary Care Practitioner Loan Redemption Program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies Nursing Faculty Loan Redemption Program.. Description: Modifies Nursing Faculty Loan Redemption Program.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State to take steps to create additional graduate medical education program slots focused on behavioral health care.. Description: Requires State to take steps to create additional graduate medical education program slots focused on behavioral health care.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows passage of Certified Respiratory Therapist examination to qualify for licensure as respiratory therapist.. Description: Allows passage of Certified Respiratory Therapist examination to qualify for licensure as respiratory therapist.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOLWD to identify and recruit unemployed individuals for employment in health care facilities; makes appropriation.. Description: Requires DOLWD to identify and recruit unemployed individuals for employment in health care facilities; makes appropriation.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates online job portal for behavioral health care workers and online internship and externship portal for health care students.. Description: Creates online job portal for behavioral health care workers and online internship and externship portal for health care students.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Codifies and extends authorization for certain out-of-State health care practitioners and recent graduates of health care training programs to practice in New Jersey.. Description: Codifies and extends authorization for certain out-of-State health care practitioners and recent graduates of health care training programs to practice in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides DHS and State Board of Medical Examiners to develop and implement process to improve efficiency of reviewing NJ FamilyCare provider applications.. Description: Provides DHS and State Board of Medical Examiners to develop and implement process to improve efficiency of reviewing NJ FamilyCare provider applications.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates high school graduation proficiency test.. Description: Eliminates high school graduation proficiency test.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public officer or employee to forfeit pension upon conviction of certain crimes; alters factors determining honorable service; opens pension to garnishment upon conviction of certain offenses.. Description: Requires public officer or employee to forfeit pension upon conviction of certain crimes; alters factors determining honorable service; opens pension to garnishment upon conviction of certain offenses.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns eligibility for senior freeze reimbursement if eligible claimant exceeds income limit.. Description: Concerns eligibility for senior freeze reimbursement if eligible claimant exceeds income limit.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies that law concerning requirements for closure of private career school applies to certain schools licensed by New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling.. Description: Clarifies that law concerning requirements for closure of private career school applies to certain schools licensed by New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes employment protections for certain service employees during changes of ownership.. Description: Establishes employment protections for certain service employees during changes of ownership.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes penalties for person who commits motor vehicle noise violation.. Description: Establishes penalties for person who commits motor vehicle noise violation.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires hazard mitigation plans to include climate change-related threat assessments and hazard prevention and mitigation strategies.. Description: Requires hazard mitigation plans to include climate change-related threat assessments and hazard prevention and mitigation strategies.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Scientific Conference Grant Program"; appropriates $250,000.. Description: Establishes "Scientific Conference Grant Program"; appropriates $250,000.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns tax treatment of individual's income earned outside state of residence; appropriates $35 million.. Description: Concerns tax treatment of individual's income earned outside state of residence; appropriates $35 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends Fiscal Year 2024 appropriations act to allocate $25 million from New Jersey Affordable Housing Trust Fund to support construction and rehabilitation of low- and moderate-income housing.. Description: Amends Fiscal Year 2024 appropriations act to allocate $25 million from New Jersey Affordable Housing Trust Fund to support construction and rehabilitation of low- and moderate-income housing.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Education to distribute survey to school districts regarding instruction on Holocaust and genocides.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Education to distribute survey to school districts regarding instruction on Holocaust and genocides.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires motor vehicle dealer to offer to delete personal information in motor vehicles in certain situations.. Description: Requires motor vehicle dealer to offer to delete personal information in motor vehicles in certain situations.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises method for appraisals of farmland to be acquired for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Revises method for appraisals of farmland to be acquired for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires availability of accessible mail-in ballot for voters with disabilities.. Description: Requires availability of accessible mail-in ballot for voters with disabilities.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Enhances customer service experience with Business Action Center in Department of State by collecting and disseminating customer assistance metrics.. Description: Enhances customer service experience with Business Action Center in Department of State by collecting and disseminating customer assistance metrics.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires NJ Business Action Center to collect and produce certain information to assist small businesses.. Description: Requires NJ Business Action Center to collect and produce certain information to assist small businesses.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes mentorship program for new businesses and start-ups.. Description: Establishes mentorship program for new businesses and start-ups.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Promotes small business Internet presence.. Description: Promotes small business Internet presence.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows cure period for businesses to address and resolve certain violations.. Description: Allows cure period for businesses to address and resolve certain violations.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State Medicaid beneficiaries to notify county welfare agencies no later than 20 days of change of circumstances.. Description: Requires State Medicaid beneficiaries to notify county welfare agencies no later than 20 days of change of circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits behavioral and mental health care providers to operate within homeless shelters.. Description: Permits behavioral and mental health care providers to operate within homeless shelters.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Division of Children's System of Care to establish training program for employees of emergency shelters for homeless.. Description: Requires Division of Children's System of Care to establish training program for employees of emergency shelters for homeless.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DCA to conduct surveys and report data related to homelessness in administering the Rental Assistance Navigation Program.. Description: Requires DCA to conduct surveys and report data related to homelessness in administering the Rental Assistance Navigation Program.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public water systems and landlords to provide certain notice  of elevated perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl substances levels in drinking water; requires DEP to establish educational program.. Description: Requires public water systems and landlords to provide certain notice  of elevated perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl substances levels in drinking water; requires DEP to establish educational program.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Exempts members of State Board of Agriculture and county boards of agriculture from personal liability and allows such boards to hire outside counsel and consultants.. Description: Exempts members of State Board of Agriculture and county boards of agriculture from personal liability and allows such boards to hire outside counsel and consultants.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises effective date of severance requirements under "Millville Dallas Airmotive Plant Job Loss Notification Act.". Description: Revises effective date of severance requirements under "Millville Dallas Airmotive Plant Job Loss Notification Act."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes various revisions to requirements for obtaining a firearm purchaser identification card, permit to purchase a handgun, and permit to carry a handgun; codifies sensitive places in which firearms and destructive devices are prohibited.. Description: Makes various revisions to requirements for obtaining a firearm purchaser identification card, permit to purchase a handgun, and permit to carry a handgun; codifies sensitive places in which firearms and destructive devices are prohibited.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires landlords of certain properties providing child care services who refuse lead service line replacements to install and maintain water filters.. Description: Requires landlords of certain properties providing child care services who refuse lead service line replacements to install and maintain water filters.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns UI benefits during labor disputes.. Description: Concerns UI benefits during labor disputes.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires vehicle identification number be stamped on catalytic converters of motor vehicles.. Description: Requires vehicle identification number be stamped on catalytic converters of motor vehicles.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Resiliency and Environmental System Investment Charge Program.". Description: Establishes "Resiliency and Environmental System Investment Charge Program."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires request for proposal to establish demonstration projects to develop electric vehicle charging depots serviced by distributed energy resource charging centers for certain electric vehicle use.. Description: Requires request for proposal to establish demonstration projects to develop electric vehicle charging depots serviced by distributed energy resource charging centers for certain electric vehicle use.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns percentage of reclaimed asphalt pavement and recycled materials that can be used for certain road projects.. Description: Concerns percentage of reclaimed asphalt pavement and recycled materials that can be used for certain road projects.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows teaching experience to be considered for out-of-State individuals seeking licensure from New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling.. Description: Allows teaching experience to be considered for out-of-State individuals seeking licensure from New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Removes expected family contribution from calculation of financial need under circumstances in which public institutions of higher education may reduce student's institutional financial aid.. Description: Removes expected family contribution from calculation of financial need under circumstances in which public institutions of higher education may reduce student's institutional financial aid.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Office of Emergency Management to incorporate into State Emergency Operations Plan framework to address cybersecurity incidents.. Description: Requires Office of Emergency Management to incorporate into State Emergency Operations Plan framework to address cybersecurity incidents.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes temporary licensure of graduated nursing students; waives fees for nurse licensure applicants who work at long-term care facilities.. Description: Authorizes temporary licensure of graduated nursing students; waives fees for nurse licensure applicants who work at long-term care facilities.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Treasury to establish and maintain electronic verification system to verify State employees' eligibility to participate in federal Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program.. Description: Requires Treasury to establish and maintain electronic verification system to verify State employees' eligibility to participate in federal Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands scope of Foreclosure Mediation Assistance Program during State of Emergency to allow use of program funds for payment to counselors who help disaster victims process applications for assistance.. Description: Expands scope of Foreclosure Mediation Assistance Program during State of Emergency to allow use of program funds for payment to counselors who help disaster victims process applications for assistance.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Community Hazard Assistance Mitigation Program in, and authorizes issuance of bonds by, NJ Infrastructure Bank to fund certain hazard mitigation and resilience projects; makes various changes to NJ Infrastructure Bank's enabling act;  appropriates $500,000.. Description: Establishes Community Hazard Assistance Mitigation Program in, and authorizes issuance of bonds by, NJ Infrastructure Bank to fund certain hazard mitigation and resilience projects; makes various changes to NJ Infrastructure Bank's enabling act;  appropriates $500,000.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DEP to prioritize funding for certain projects for acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes and certain environmental infrastructure projects that include, or allow for, flood mitigation projects.. Description: Requires DEP to prioritize funding for certain projects for acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes and certain environmental infrastructure projects that include, or allow for, flood mitigation projects.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Small Business Resiliency Project Loan Program in EDA for certain small businesses implementing certain resiliency projects.. Description: Establishes Small Business Resiliency Project Loan Program in EDA for certain small businesses implementing certain resiliency projects.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates fee for filing certified copy of name change order.. Description: Eliminates fee for filing certified copy of name change order.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires carriers to offer health care providers more than one method of payment for reimbursement.. Description: Requires carriers to offer health care providers more than one method of payment for reimbursement.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Hospital at Home Act.". Description: Establishes "Hospital at Home Act."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Pet Insurance Act.". Description: "Pet Insurance Act."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns accommodations related to COVID-19 public health emergency for businesses participating in certain State economic development programs.. Description: Concerns accommodations related to COVID-19 public health emergency for businesses participating in certain State economic development programs.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands criminal penalties related to illegal use of motor vehicle master key.. Description: Expands criminal penalties related to illegal use of motor vehicle master key.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes crimes of theft of motor vehicle and receiving stolen motor vehicle as separate statutory provisions; provides extended sentences for certain persistent offenders.. Description: Establishes crimes of theft of motor vehicle and receiving stolen motor vehicle as separate statutory provisions; provides extended sentences for certain persistent offenders.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns electronic transmission of crash reports.. Description: Concerns electronic transmission of crash reports.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes fundamental freedom of person to marry or enter into civil union with person of any race.. Description: Establishes fundamental freedom of person to marry or enter into civil union with person of any race.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates portion of State Highway Route 71 as "John Tarantino Highway.". Description: Designates portion of State Highway Route 71 as "John Tarantino Highway."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $64.929 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for recreation and conservation purposes to DEP for State capital and park development projects.. Description: Appropriates $64.929 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for recreation and conservation purposes to DEP for State capital and park development projects.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $17,288,315 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.. Description: Appropriates $17,288,315 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $53,249,310 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for State acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes, including Blue Acres projects, and Green Acres Program administrative costs.. Description: Appropriates $53,249,310 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for State acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes, including Blue Acres projects, and Green Acres Program administrative costs.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates requirements for certain long-term real estate listing contracts.. Description: Creates requirements for certain long-term real estate listing contracts.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires private detectives to register their foreign employers with State Police.. Description: Requires private detectives to register their foreign employers with State Police.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Division of Violence Intervention and Victim Assistance in Department of Law and Public Safety.. Description: Establishes Division of Violence Intervention and Victim Assistance in Department of Law and Public Safety.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands crime of leader of auto theft trafficking network; establishes third degree crime of participant in auto theft trafficking network.. Description: Expands crime of leader of auto theft trafficking network; establishes third degree crime of participant in auto theft trafficking network.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires "Electronic Permit Processing Review System" in DCA to enable applicant to submit electronic signature and certain other submission materials for permit application review.. Description: Requires "Electronic Permit Processing Review System" in DCA to enable applicant to submit electronic signature and certain other submission materials for permit application review.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands scope of school district employee sick leave.. Description: Expands scope of school district employee sick leave.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits social media platforms from using certain practices or features that cause child users to become addicted to platform.. Description: Prohibits social media platforms from using certain practices or features that cause child users to become addicted to platform.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes bee-friendly habitat pilot program in Department of Agriculture; appropriates $1 million.. Description: Establishes bee-friendly habitat pilot program in Department of Agriculture; appropriates $1 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Medicaid per diem rate for pediatric medical day care services delivered by provider offering on-site services; appropriates $3.6 million to DHS.. Description: Establishes Medicaid per diem rate for pediatric medical day care services delivered by provider offering on-site services; appropriates $3.6 million to DHS.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases minimum monthly benefit under State SNAP Minimum Benefits Program from $50 to $95 and authorizes DHS to increase program benefit amount.. Description: Increases minimum monthly benefit under State SNAP Minimum Benefits Program from $50 to $95 and authorizes DHS to increase program benefit amount.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns licensing of security officer companies.. Description: Concerns licensing of security officer companies.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Replaces statutory terms regarding alcohol and substance use.. Description: Replaces statutory terms regarding alcohol and substance use.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits VCCO from denying award of compensation to victims with certain outstanding warrants and charges.. Description: Prohibits VCCO from denying award of compensation to victims with certain outstanding warrants and charges.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes advertisement grant program for emerging businesses in science and technology.. Description: Establishes advertisement grant program for emerging businesses in science and technology.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Office of Financial Assistance in EDA to help eligible entities access opportunities for public financial assistance; requires office to develop common application platform.. Description: Establishes Office of Financial Assistance in EDA to help eligible entities access opportunities for public financial assistance; requires office to develop common application platform.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires EDA to create needs-matching website for eligible entities.. Description: Requires EDA to create needs-matching website for eligible entities.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Relates to which refrigerants are permissible for use within current State Uniform Construction Code and local codes.. Description: Relates to which refrigerants are permissible for use within current State Uniform Construction Code and local codes.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises law concerning family leave to extend protection by reducing, over time, employee threshold from 30 employees to five employees in definition of employer.. Description: Revises law concerning family leave to extend protection by reducing, over time, employee threshold from 30 employees to five employees in definition of employer.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires hourly reimbursement rate for home health aide services provided through Statewide Respite Care Program and Jersey Assistance for Community Caregiving Program to be no less than Medicaid fee-for-service rate for personal care services; makes appropriation.. Description: Requires hourly reimbursement rate for home health aide services provided through Statewide Respite Care Program and Jersey Assistance for Community Caregiving Program to be no less than Medicaid fee-for-service rate for personal care services; makes appropriation.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes certain General Election deadlines.. Description: Changes certain General Election deadlines.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires periodic reporting of election results on night of primary and general election and until final tally thereafter; appropriates $1.5 million.. Description: Requires periodic reporting of election results on night of primary and general election and until final tally thereafter; appropriates $1.5 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Fire Life Safety Damper and Smoke Control System Inspection Verification Act"; Requires routine maintenance and periodic testing of smoke dampers, fire dampers, and smoke control systems in certain buildings by qualified personnel.. Description: "Fire Life Safety Damper and Smoke Control System Inspection Verification Act"; Requires routine maintenance and periodic testing of smoke dampers, fire dampers, and smoke control systems in certain buildings by qualified personnel.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires organizations training disabled veteran assistance dogs to register with Division of Consumer Affairs and provide disabled veteran assistance dogs with vests and harnesses.. Description: Requires organizations training disabled veteran assistance dogs to register with Division of Consumer Affairs and provide disabled veteran assistance dogs with vests and harnesses.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes home detention for juveniles adjudicated delinquent for certain motor vehicle offenses.. Description: Authorizes home detention for juveniles adjudicated delinquent for certain motor vehicle offenses.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Automotive Anti-Theft Systems Task Force.". Description: Establishes "Automotive Anti-Theft Systems Task Force."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates presumption of pretrial release for certain motor vehicle theft offenses if prior arrest or conviction occurred within prior 90-day-period.. Description: Eliminates presumption of pretrial release for certain motor vehicle theft offenses if prior arrest or conviction occurred within prior 90-day-period.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Attorney General to conduct study on motor vehicle theft.. Description: Requires Attorney General to conduct study on motor vehicle theft.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends provisions of P.L.2021, c.498 in certain circumstances.. Description: Extends provisions of P.L.2021, c.498 in certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Agritourism Fund; requires annual appropriation of $2.5 million from General Fund; appropriates $2.5 million.. Description: Establishes Agritourism Fund; requires annual appropriation of $2.5 million from General Fund; appropriates $2.5 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for coverage of community-based palliative care benefits under Medicaid.. Description: Provides for coverage of community-based palliative care benefits under Medicaid.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands eligibility for "fishing buddy license" fee.. Description: Expands eligibility for "fishing buddy license" fee.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises health insurance coverage requirements for treatment of infertility.. Description: Revises health insurance coverage requirements for treatment of infertility.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DCF to publish and disseminate information on early childhood mental health to certain professionals.. Description: Requires DCF to publish and disseminate information on early childhood mental health to certain professionals.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Regulates provision of pharmaceutical services in nursing homes.. Description: Regulates provision of pharmaceutical services in nursing homes.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows certain caregivers of person with intellectual disability to make use of reserved parking zones when transporting person with intellectual disability.. Description: Allows certain caregivers of person with intellectual disability to make use of reserved parking zones when transporting person with intellectual disability.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows municipality to determine if newly appointed individual serving as municipal fire department chaplain will hold rank and receive salary and benefits.. Description: Allows municipality to determine if newly appointed individual serving as municipal fire department chaplain will hold rank and receive salary and benefits.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates position of constable; removes statutory references to constable; repeals various parts of statutory law; implements recommendation of SCI report concerning elimination of constables.. Description: Eliminates position of constable; removes statutory references to constable; repeals various parts of statutory law; implements recommendation of SCI report concerning elimination of constables.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires copies of certain law enforcement records to be provided to victims of domestic violence upon request.. Description: Requires copies of certain law enforcement records to be provided to victims of domestic violence upon request.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies employee health benefits requirements under certain economic development programs.. Description: Modifies employee health benefits requirements under certain economic development programs.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns New Jersey Civic Information Consortium.. Description: Concerns New Jersey Civic Information Consortium.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs fines collected for certain prostitution crime to "Human Trafficking Survivor's Assistance Fund.". Description: Directs fines collected for certain prostitution crime to "Human Trafficking Survivor's Assistance Fund."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Enters New Jersey into Counseling Compact.. Description: Enters New Jersey into Counseling Compact.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $500,000 to DMVA for New Jersey SOS Veterans Stakeholders Group.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $500,000 to DMVA for New Jersey SOS Veterans Stakeholders Group.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions concerning State tax law.. Description: Revises various provisions concerning State tax law.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Community Crisis Response Advisory Council and community crisis response teams pilot program; designates "Seabrooks-Washington Community-Led Crisis Response Act;" appropriates $12 million.. Description: Establishes Community Crisis Response Advisory Council and community crisis response teams pilot program; designates "Seabrooks-Washington Community-Led Crisis Response Act;" appropriates $12 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends useful service life of certain school buses to 20 years; provides temporary one-year extension of service life of Type S school buses.. Description: Extends useful service life of certain school buses to 20 years; provides temporary one-year extension of service life of Type S school buses.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public schools to develop policy for emergency administration of nasal seizure rescue medication and use of manual vagus nerve stimulator on students with seizure disorder.. Description: Requires public schools to develop policy for emergency administration of nasal seizure rescue medication and use of manual vagus nerve stimulator on students with seizure disorder.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $1.5 million to Election Law Enforcement Commission in DLPS for enforcement and staffing activities.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $1.5 million to Election Law Enforcement Commission in DLPS for enforcement and staffing activities.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Imposes conditions on drivers approaching disabled vehicles.. Description: Imposes conditions on drivers approaching disabled vehicles.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes nonpublic school transportation program to provide funding to consortiums of nonpublic schools that will assume responsibility for mandated nonpublic school busing.. Description: Establishes nonpublic school transportation program to provide funding to consortiums of nonpublic schools that will assume responsibility for mandated nonpublic school busing.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides down payment assistance for benefit of certain first-time homebuyers; establishes Resilient Home Construction Pilot Program.. Description: Provides down payment assistance for benefit of certain first-time homebuyers; establishes Resilient Home Construction Pilot Program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits limiting number of county college credits that may be applied towards educator preparation program and teacher certification requirements.. Description: Prohibits limiting number of county college credits that may be applied towards educator preparation program and teacher certification requirements.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Teacher Certification Reimbursement Fund in DOE to reimburse certain teachers for costs associated with certification.. Description: Establishes Teacher Certification Reimbursement Fund in DOE to reimburse certain teachers for costs associated with certification.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Removes obstacles to teacher certification for certain teachers.. Description: Removes obstacles to teacher certification for certain teachers.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Student Teacher Scholarship.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Student Teacher Scholarship.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs State Board of Education to authorize issuance of new endorsements in certain fields.. Description: Directs State Board of Education to authorize issuance of new endorsements in certain fields.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits production and sale of products containing delta-8 tetrahydrocannabinol.. Description: Prohibits production and sale of products containing delta-8 tetrahydrocannabinol.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs BPU to conduct study to determine feasibility, marketability, and costs of implementing large-scale geothermal heat pump systems in State.. Description: Directs BPU to conduct study to determine feasibility, marketability, and costs of implementing large-scale geothermal heat pump systems in State.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises law establishing Office of Food Security Advocate, and establishes certain conditions for use of monies appropriated to emergency food organizations.. Description: Revises law establishing Office of Food Security Advocate, and establishes certain conditions for use of monies appropriated to emergency food organizations.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for purchase of PFRS credit for service as class two special law enforcement officer.. Description: Provides for purchase of PFRS credit for service as class two special law enforcement officer.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies types of firearms allowed to be carried or transported while hunting.. Description: Clarifies types of firearms allowed to be carried or transported while hunting.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public institution of higher education to establish gambling addiction prevention program.. Description: Requires public institution of higher education to establish gambling addiction prevention program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Adjusts bid threshold amounts for certain public research universities; permits certain contracts for school districts, municipalities, and counties to be awarded by qualified purchasing agent.. Description: Adjusts bid threshold amounts for certain public research universities; permits certain contracts for school districts, municipalities, and counties to be awarded by qualified purchasing agent.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes possession of bear deterrent spray.. Description: Authorizes possession of bear deterrent spray.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits and imposes criminal penalty on distribution of certain intentionally deceptive audio or visual media within 90 days of election.. Description: Prohibits and imposes criminal penalty on distribution of certain intentionally deceptive audio or visual media within 90 days of election.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits creation or disclosure of deceptive audio or visual media, known as "deepfakes," under certain circumstances.. Description: Prohibits creation or disclosure of deceptive audio or visual media, known as "deepfakes," under certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Deep Fake Technology Unit in DLPS; appropriates $2 million.. Description: Establishes Deep Fake Technology Unit in DLPS; appropriates $2 million.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain health care professionals to undergo bias training.. Description: Requires certain health care professionals to undergo bias training.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes county veteran transportation grant program; appropriates $2 million.. Description: Establishes county veteran transportation grant program; appropriates $2 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends eligibility for certain individuals for emergency assistance.. Description: Extends eligibility for certain individuals for emergency assistance.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DEP to study methane emissions.. Description: Requires DEP to study methane emissions.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires electric public utilities to submit new tariffs for commercial customers for BPU approval; regulates non-volumetric electricity fees charged to operators of fast charging electric vehicle chargers.. Description: Requires electric public utilities to submit new tariffs for commercial customers for BPU approval; regulates non-volumetric electricity fees charged to operators of fast charging electric vehicle chargers.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides that 10-year term does not apply to lease of certain municipal properties unless they are waterfront properties or related to waterfront concessions.. Description: Provides that 10-year term does not apply to lease of certain municipal properties unless they are waterfront properties or related to waterfront concessions.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends period of usefulness of fire engines for bonding purposes from 10 to 20 years; eliminates exclusion of passenger cars and station wagons.. Description: Extends period of usefulness of fire engines for bonding purposes from 10 to 20 years; eliminates exclusion of passenger cars and station wagons.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DHS to provide information to SNAP and WFNJ recipients regarding card skimming, cloning, and similar fraudulent activities and to submit report to Governor and Legislature on these fraud activities.. Description: Requires DHS to provide information to SNAP and WFNJ recipients regarding card skimming, cloning, and similar fraudulent activities and to submit report to Governor and Legislature on these fraud activities.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes grant program for NJ YouthBuild programs through DOLWD; makes appropriation.. Description: Establishes grant program for NJ YouthBuild programs through DOLWD; makes appropriation.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises New Jersey False Claims Act to comply with federal law for purposes of entitling State to enhanced recovery in Medicaid fraud cases.. Description: Revises New Jersey False Claims Act to comply with federal law for purposes of entitling State to enhanced recovery in Medicaid fraud cases.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands certain State programmatic interventions related to residential foreclosures.. Description: Expands certain State programmatic interventions related to residential foreclosures.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Urban Preservation Program in HMFA; requires federal funds be made available to HMFA to support affordable housing rehabilitation and reconstruction.. Description: Establishes Urban Preservation Program in HMFA; requires federal funds be made available to HMFA to support affordable housing rehabilitation and reconstruction.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Exempts receipts from sales of materials, supplies, and services for certain affordable housing projects from sales and use tax.. Description: Exempts receipts from sales of materials, supplies, and services for certain affordable housing projects from sales and use tax.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Adopts Dentist and Dental Hygienist Compact.. Description: Adopts Dentist and Dental Hygienist Compact.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus property certain land and improvements in Township of Morris in Morris County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus property certain land and improvements in Township of Morris in Morris County.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns qualified offshore wind projects and federal tax benefits for certain offshore wind investments.. Description: Concerns qualified offshore wind projects and federal tax benefits for certain offshore wind investments.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $9,184,427 to DEP from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for grants to certain nonprofit entities to acquire or develop lands for recreation and conservation purposes, and for certain administrative expenses.. Description: Appropriates $9,184,427 to DEP from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for grants to certain nonprofit entities to acquire or develop lands for recreation and conservation purposes, and for certain administrative expenses.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires payment of minimum wage to minors; requires payment of overtime to minors in certain circumstances; codifies certain exemptions to overtime payment requirements.. Description: Requires payment of minimum wage to minors; requires payment of overtime to minors in certain circumstances; codifies certain exemptions to overtime payment requirements.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $87,783,515 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues and various Green Acres funds to DEP for local government open space acquisition and park development projects, and for certain administrative expenses.. Description: Appropriates $87,783,515 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues and various Green Acres funds to DEP for local government open space acquisition and park development projects, and for certain administrative expenses.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Community Wealth Preservation Program"; expands access for certain buyers to purchase property from sheriff's sales.. Description: Establishes "Community Wealth Preservation Program"; expands access for certain buyers to purchase property from sheriff's sales.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $54,357,547,000 in State funds and $26,144,171,463 in federal funds for the State budget for fiscal year 2023-2024.. Description: Appropriates $54,357,547,000 in State funds and $26,144,171,463 in federal funds for the State budget for fiscal year 2023-2024.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases child tax credit under gross income tax.. Description: Increases child tax credit under gross income tax.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain nonpublic schools to provide meals to all students under "Working Class Families Anti-Hunger Act"; authorizes limited expansion of income eligibility to qualify public and nonpublic school students for free lunch.. Description: Requires certain nonpublic schools to provide meals to all students under "Working Class Families Anti-Hunger Act"; authorizes limited expansion of income eligibility to qualify public and nonpublic school students for free lunch.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires BPU to develop program to promote certain energy businesses in the State.. Description: Requires BPU to develop program to promote certain energy businesses in the State.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends definition of "participating county" under County Option Hospital Fee Program.. Description: Amends definition of "participating county" under County Option Hospital Fee Program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Enhances notice requirements and occupancy restrictions for hotels and multiple dwellings following determination of potentially hazardous condition.. Description: Enhances notice requirements and occupancy restrictions for hotels and multiple dwellings following determination of potentially hazardous condition.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires establishment of residential rental habitability database and provides certain penalties and causes of action concerning residential leases.. Description: Requires establishment of residential rental habitability database and provides certain penalties and causes of action concerning residential leases.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends certain pay parity regarding telemedicine and telehealth for one year.. Description: Extends certain pay parity regarding telemedicine and telehealth for one year.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in City of Jersey City in Hudson County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in City of Jersey City in Hudson County.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes DOT to establish and administer toll collection and enforcement system on behalf of NJ toll authorities and to enter into reciprocal agreements for enforcement of toll violations with toll authorities from other states.. Description: Authorizes DOT to establish and administer toll collection and enforcement system on behalf of NJ toll authorities and to enter into reciprocal agreements for enforcement of toll violations with toll authorities from other states.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $48 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for State acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes, including Blue Acres projects, and Green Acres Program administrative costs.. Description: Appropriates $48 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for State acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes, including Blue Acres projects, and Green Acres Program administrative costs.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $58 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for recreation and conservation purposes to DEP for State capital and park development projects.. Description: Appropriates $58 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for recreation and conservation purposes to DEP for State capital and park development projects.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $15,564,293 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.. Description: Appropriates $15,564,293 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends lists of projects eligible to receive loans for environmental infrastructure projects from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY 2024.. Description: Amends lists of projects eligible to receive loans for environmental infrastructure projects from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY 2024.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends lists of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding by DEP under FY 2024 environmental infrastructure funding program.. Description: Amends lists of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding by DEP under FY 2024 environmental infrastructure funding program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Exempts electricity sold to certain recovered materials manufacturing facilities from renewable energy portfolio standards.. Description: Exempts electricity sold to certain recovered materials manufacturing facilities from renewable energy portfolio standards.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises and clarifies certain expungement procedures.. Description: Revises and clarifies certain expungement procedures.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in Township of Woodbridge in Middlesex County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell as surplus certain real property and improvements in Township of Woodbridge in Middlesex County.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes regional authority to develop and operate regional rehabilitation and reentry center.. Description: Authorizes regional authority to develop and operate regional rehabilitation and reentry center.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $650,000 to New Jersey Division of State Police for trooper recruitment and retention.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $650,000 to New Jersey Division of State Police for trooper recruitment and retention.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends certain accommodations implemented during COVID-19 public health emergency for businesses participating in State economic development programs.. Description: Extends certain accommodations implemented during COVID-19 public health emergency for businesses participating in State economic development programs.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits municipality to authorize municipal clerk to submit certain written statements concerning affordable housing.. Description: Permits municipality to authorize municipal clerk to submit certain written statements concerning affordable housing.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows projects supported by State or municipal affordable housing trust fund to be exempt from property tax and to instead contribute to municipal services by making payments in lieu of taxation.. Description: Allows projects supported by State or municipal affordable housing trust fund to be exempt from property tax and to instead contribute to municipal services by making payments in lieu of taxation.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires municipalities in compliance with affordable housing obligations be provided priority consideration for certain State grants and assistance.. Description: Requires municipalities in compliance with affordable housing obligations be provided priority consideration for certain State grants and assistance.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Facilitates construction and rehabilitation of affordable housing built in part through sweat equity by eventual occupant.. Description: Facilitates construction and rehabilitation of affordable housing built in part through sweat equity by eventual occupant.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires HMFA to assume administration of affirmative marketing for affordable housing and reduces municipal responsibility.. Description: Requires HMFA to assume administration of affirmative marketing for affordable housing and reduces municipal responsibility.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Educator Evaluation Review Task Force; clarifies collection of student growth data.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Educator Evaluation Review Task Force; clarifies collection of student growth data.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes HMFA to issue tax credits for certain purposes.. Description: Authorizes HMFA to issue tax credits for certain purposes.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates fee for special plates for firefighters and members of first aid or rescue squads.. Description: Eliminates fee for special plates for firefighters and members of first aid or rescue squads.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises workers' compensation coverage for certain injuries to certain volunteer and professional public safety and law enforcement personnel.. Description: Revises workers' compensation coverage for certain injuries to certain volunteer and professional public safety and law enforcement personnel.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases annual salary of certain public employees and officers.. Description: Increases annual salary of certain public employees and officers.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: This is for testing #1. Description: This is for testing #1
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises income eligibility criteria for, and provides for promotion of, PAAD and Senior Gold Prescription Discount Program; establishes "Senior Save Navigator Grant Program" to assist applicants with NJ Save applications.. Description: Revises income eligibility criteria for, and provides for promotion of, PAAD and Senior Gold Prescription Discount Program; establishes "Senior Save Navigator Grant Program" to assist applicants with NJ Save applications.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises certain requirements concerning graduation proficiency test and eliminates requirement that graduation proficiency test be administered to eleventh grade students.. Description: Revises certain requirements concerning graduation proficiency test and eliminates requirement that graduation proficiency test be administered to eleventh grade students.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits municipalities having population in excess of 100,000 to appoint up to five alternate deputy registrars.. Description: Permits municipalities having population in excess of 100,000 to appoint up to five alternate deputy registrars.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modernizes business filing statutes to include entity conversion and domestication.. Description: Modernizes business filing statutes to include entity conversion and domestication.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "COVID-19 Frontline and Healthcare Worker Memorial Commission.". Description: Establishes "COVID-19 Frontline and Healthcare Worker Memorial Commission."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain transportation research to consider needs of individuals with physical, sensory, intellectual, and developmental disabilities.. Description: Requires certain transportation research to consider needs of individuals with physical, sensory, intellectual, and developmental disabilities.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOT to implement complete streets policy that considers persons with certain disabilities.. Description: Requires DOT to implement complete streets policy that considers persons with certain disabilities.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires NJT rail stations and bus and rail terminals to display historical information about area in or around stations and terminals.. Description: Requires NJT rail stations and bus and rail terminals to display historical information about area in or around stations and terminals.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires owners of certain multiple dwellings of three or more floors to provide priority status to senior citizens and disables residents moving to lower floors.. Description: Requires owners of certain multiple dwellings of three or more floors to provide priority status to senior citizens and disables residents moving to lower floors.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides that fusion energy and fusion technology companies are eligible to receive benefits under certain economic incentive programs.. Description: Provides that fusion energy and fusion technology companies are eligible to receive benefits under certain economic incentive programs.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Implements certain guidelines concerning purchase of catalytic converters.. Description: Implements certain guidelines concerning purchase of catalytic converters.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits pharmacists to furnish self-administered hormonal contraceptives pursuant to a standing order, in accordance with protocols established by Board of Pharmacy and Board of Medical Examiners.. Description: Permits pharmacists to furnish self-administered hormonal contraceptives pursuant to a standing order, in accordance with protocols established by Board of Pharmacy and Board of Medical Examiners.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns automatic fire sprinkler systems within newly constructed townhouses.. Description: Concerns automatic fire sprinkler systems within newly constructed townhouses.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides CBT and gross income tax credits for certain deliveries of low carbon concrete and for costs of conducting environmental product declaration analyses of low carbon concrete.. Description: Provides CBT and gross income tax credits for certain deliveries of low carbon concrete and for costs of conducting environmental product declaration analyses of low carbon concrete.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public agencies and government contractors to report cybersecurity incidents to New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness.. Description: Requires public agencies and government contractors to report cybersecurity incidents to New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Statewide behavioral health crisis system of care.. Description: Establishes Statewide behavioral health crisis system of care.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns employment security during changes in control of health care entities.. Description: Concerns employment security during changes in control of health care entities.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases distribution to municipalities from Energy Tax Receipts Property Tax Relief Fund over two years; prohibits anticipation of certain revenue in municipal budget; requires additional aid be subtracted from municipal property tax levy.. Description: Increases distribution to municipalities from Energy Tax Receipts Property Tax Relief Fund over two years; prohibits anticipation of certain revenue in municipal budget; requires additional aid be subtracted from municipal property tax levy.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires notification to consumers of collection and disclosure of personal data by certain entities.. Description: Requires notification to consumers of collection and disclosure of personal data by certain entities.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Moose's Law"; prohibits persons convicted of criminal animal cruelty offenses from owning domestic companion animals and from working or volunteering at animal-related enterprises; establishes presumption against pretrial intervention for certain persons.. Description: "Moose's Law"; prohibits persons convicted of criminal animal cruelty offenses from owning domestic companion animals and from working or volunteering at animal-related enterprises; establishes presumption against pretrial intervention for certain persons.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires electric public utility to replace certain distribution service equipment over period of 36 months if certain sustained service interruptions occur.. Description: Requires electric public utility to replace certain distribution service equipment over period of 36 months if certain sustained service interruptions occur.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases, from 18 percent to 30 percent, amount of rental payments defined as rent constituting property taxes for purposes of deduction from gross income for property tax payments.. Description: Increases, from 18 percent to 30 percent, amount of rental payments defined as rent constituting property taxes for purposes of deduction from gross income for property tax payments.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes School Funding Formula Evaluation Task Force.. Description: Establishes School Funding Formula Evaluation Task Force.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for lifetime disqualification from operating commercial motor vehicle and transportation network company vehicle for persons convicted of human trafficking.. Description: Provides for lifetime disqualification from operating commercial motor vehicle and transportation network company vehicle for persons convicted of human trafficking.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Disparity in Treatment of Persons with Disabilities in Underrepresented Communities Commission in DCA.. Description: Establishes Disparity in Treatment of Persons with Disabilities in Underrepresented Communities Commission in DCA.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases contribution limit by counties and municipalities to volunteer first aid, ambulance, and rescue squads.. Description: Increases contribution limit by counties and municipalities to volunteer first aid, ambulance, and rescue squads.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Codifies and increases under certain circumstances, current minimum Medicaid per diem reimbursement rates for assisted living residences, comprehensive personal care homes, and assisted living programs; makes appropriation.. Description: Codifies and increases under certain circumstances, current minimum Medicaid per diem reimbursement rates for assisted living residences, comprehensive personal care homes, and assisted living programs; makes appropriation.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires environmental sustainability plan for State House Complex.. Description: Requires environmental sustainability plan for State House Complex.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Renewable and Efficient Energy Financing Program; authorizes BPU to transfer up to $20 million annually in societal benefits charge revenues to New Jersey Infrastructure Bank for purposes of program.. Description: Establishes Renewable and Efficient Energy Financing Program; authorizes BPU to transfer up to $20 million annually in societal benefits charge revenues to New Jersey Infrastructure Bank for purposes of program.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides CBT tax credit for retrofit of existing warehouses with solar-ready zone once solar panels are installed.. Description: Provides CBT tax credit for retrofit of existing warehouses with solar-ready zone once solar panels are installed.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends Right to Farm Act protections to certain shellfish aquaculture activities.. Description: Extends Right to Farm Act protections to certain shellfish aquaculture activities.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DCA to establish standards for prisoner reentry transitional housing.. Description: Requires DCA to establish standards for prisoner reentry transitional housing.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs BPU to update interconnection standards for Class I renewable energy sources and develop fixed fee structure for interconnection costs.. Description: Directs BPU to update interconnection standards for Class I renewable energy sources and develop fixed fee structure for interconnection costs.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires school districts to include environmental sustainability plan in long-range facilities plan.. Description: Requires school districts to include environmental sustainability plan in long-range facilities plan.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain local authorities to distribute live recordings of certain public hearings in lieu of transcript requirement.. Description: Authorizes certain local authorities to distribute live recordings of certain public hearings in lieu of transcript requirement.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs BPU to establish process to maintain supply and demand for solar renewable energy certificates.. Description: Directs BPU to establish process to maintain supply and demand for solar renewable energy certificates.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits State from disclosing New Jersey driver's license holders' personal information to other states seeking to issue speed camera or red light camera citations.. Description: Prohibits State from disclosing New Jersey driver's license holders' personal information to other states seeking to issue speed camera or red light camera citations.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises conditions for use of virtual or remote instruction to meet minimum 180-day school year requirement.. Description: Revises conditions for use of virtual or remote instruction to meet minimum 180-day school year requirement.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires automobile insurance policies to provide certain minimum amounts of liability, uninsured motorist, and underinsured motorist coverage.. Description: Requires automobile insurance policies to provide certain minimum amounts of liability, uninsured motorist, and underinsured motorist coverage.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires each government entity in this State to conduct review of cybersecurity infrastructure and make recommendations.. Description: Requires each government entity in this State to conduct review of cybersecurity infrastructure and make recommendations.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Modifies certain definitions related to transient accommodation taxes and fees.. Description: Modifies certain definitions related to transient accommodation taxes and fees.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides certain protections and rights for temporary laborers.. Description: Provides certain protections and rights for temporary laborers.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Exempts shellfish aquaculturists with commercial shellfish aquaculture permit from law prohibiting taking of shellfish on Sunday; requires submission of annual shellfish harvest report.. Description: Exempts shellfish aquaculturists with commercial shellfish aquaculture permit from law prohibiting taking of shellfish on Sunday; requires submission of annual shellfish harvest report.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expressly authorizes medical cannabis patients under 18 years of age to have up to four designated caregivers.. Description: Expressly authorizes medical cannabis patients under 18 years of age to have up to four designated caregivers.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates Mental Health Diversion Program to divert eligible persons away from criminal justice system and into appropriate case management and mental health services.. Description: Creates Mental Health Diversion Program to divert eligible persons away from criminal justice system and into appropriate case management and mental health services.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Enhances, and allocates funds for, pre-apprenticeship programs.. Description: Enhances, and allocates funds for, pre-apprenticeship programs.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain additional school district personnel to complete training program on suicide prevention.. Description: Requires certain additional school district personnel to complete training program on suicide prevention.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain school meal information be provided to public school students' parents and requires school districts to request that families apply for school meals under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires certain school meal information be provided to public school students' parents and requires school districts to request that families apply for school meals under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Adds technology transfer duties to New Jersey Commission on Science, Innovation and Technology.. Description: Adds technology transfer duties to New Jersey Commission on Science, Innovation and Technology.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs DOE to develop New Jersey Student Learning Standards in information literacy.. Description: Directs DOE to develop New Jersey Student Learning Standards in information literacy.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires NJTA and SJTA to check E-ZPass database before issuing E-ZPass violation.. Description: Requires NJTA and SJTA to check E-ZPass database before issuing E-ZPass violation.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises definition of "landlord" to include rooming and boarding house owners and operators with regard to ordinances holding landlords to certain standards of responsibility.. Description: Revises definition of "landlord" to include rooming and boarding house owners and operators with regard to ordinances holding landlords to certain standards of responsibility.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits governing body of municipalities having population of 30,000 or less to serve as local board of health; validates certain actions.. Description: Permits governing body of municipalities having population of 30,000 or less to serve as local board of health; validates certain actions.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Manufacturing in Higher Education Act"; requires various State entities to promote manufacturing career pathways for students and provides assistance to manufacturing industry.. Description: "Manufacturing in Higher Education Act"; requires various State entities to promote manufacturing career pathways for students and provides assistance to manufacturing industry.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes that "100 percent Disabled Veterans" are not required to submit to MVC certain documentation to renew parking privileges.. Description: Establishes that "100 percent Disabled Veterans" are not required to submit to MVC certain documentation to renew parking privileges.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs Department of Agriculture to establish New Jersey Minority, Women, and Underserved Farmer Registry.. Description: Directs Department of Agriculture to establish New Jersey Minority, Women, and Underserved Farmer Registry.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits mental health care professionals from disclosing mental health notes to health insurance carriers.. Description: Prohibits mental health care professionals from disclosing mental health notes to health insurance carriers.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires school districts to include information on events of September 11, 2001 as part of New Jersey Student Learning Standards in Social Studies; requires public schools to hold annual events commemorating September 11, 2001.. Description: Requires school districts to include information on events of September 11, 2001 as part of New Jersey Student Learning Standards in Social Studies; requires public schools to hold annual events commemorating September 11, 2001.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes commission to study effects on adolescents of social media usage in and out of school.. Description: Establishes commission to study effects on adolescents of social media usage in and out of school.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain public venues and places of worship to submit emergency plans to law enforcement agencies for purpose of preparing for mass casualty and active shooter events.. Description: Requires certain public venues and places of worship to submit emergency plans to law enforcement agencies for purpose of preparing for mass casualty and active shooter events.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Codifies and expands ARRIVE Together Pilot Program to make certain mental health services available to police responding to certain emergencies; appropriates $2 million.. Description: Codifies and expands ARRIVE Together Pilot Program to make certain mental health services available to police responding to certain emergencies; appropriates $2 million.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates "New Jersey Domestic Workers' Bill of Rights Act.". Description: Creates "New Jersey Domestic Workers' Bill of Rights Act."
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Excludes contributions made to certain retirement savings plans under gross income tax.. Description: Excludes contributions made to certain retirement savings plans under gross income tax.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires publication of certain information related to toll discounts on E-ZPass website.. Description: Requires publication of certain information related to toll discounts on E-ZPass website.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes special occasion events at certain commercial farms on preserved farmland, under certain conditions.. Description: Authorizes special occasion events at certain commercial farms on preserved farmland, under certain conditions.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands number of health care professions profiled under "New Jersey Health Care Consumer Information Act.". Description: Expands number of health care professions profiled under "New Jersey Health Care Consumer Information Act."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires MVC to provide, upon request, notation on driver's license or identification card of diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder or communication disorder.. Description: Requires MVC to provide, upon request, notation on driver's license or identification card of diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder or communication disorder.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns certification of tax collectors.. Description: Concerns certification of tax collectors.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits carrier from precluding dentist from billing covered person under certain circumstances.. Description: Prohibits carrier from precluding dentist from billing covered person under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires person with an alcoholic beverage license to carry alcoholic beverage liability insurance under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires person with an alcoholic beverage license to carry alcoholic beverage liability insurance under certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns discriminatory appraisals of property on basis of race, creed, color, national origin, or certain other characteristics.. Description: Concerns discriminatory appraisals of property on basis of race, creed, color, national origin, or certain other characteristics.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Opioid Recovery and Remediation Fund; establishes requirements for proceeds from opioid settlements to support substance use disorder prevention and treatment programs.. Description: Establishes Opioid Recovery and Remediation Fund; establishes requirements for proceeds from opioid settlements to support substance use disorder prevention and treatment programs.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes municipalities to establish dredging control reserve fund.. Description: Authorizes municipalities to establish dredging control reserve fund.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows canvassing of early votes and mail-in ballots before election day under certain conditions.. Description: Allows canvassing of early votes and mail-in ballots before election day under certain conditions.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Division of Medical Assistance and Health Services in DHS to accept permanent change of station order for purposes of satisfying residency requirement for provision of home and community based services under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires Division of Medical Assistance and Health Services in DHS to accept permanent change of station order for purposes of satisfying residency requirement for provision of home and community based services under certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires limited liability company disclose certain information when recording deed concerning residential rental property.. Description: Requires limited liability company disclose certain information when recording deed concerning residential rental property.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits tax preparers from engaging in certain practices involving refund anticipation checks and loans.. Description: Prohibits tax preparers from engaging in certain practices involving refund anticipation checks and loans.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits State Board of Education from requiring completion of performance-based assessment as condition of eligibility for certificate of eligibility with advanced standing or certificate of eligibility.. Description: Prohibits State Board of Education from requiring completion of performance-based assessment as condition of eligibility for certificate of eligibility with advanced standing or certificate of eligibility.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Imposes certain consumer protection requirements on service contract providers.. Description: Imposes certain consumer protection requirements on service contract providers.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates requirement for State residency of public school employees for period of three years.. Description: Eliminates requirement for State residency of public school employees for period of three years.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends period of time for filing special education due process petitions related to COVID-19 school closures and periods of virtual, remote, hybrid, or in-person instruction.. Description: Extends period of time for filing special education due process petitions related to COVID-19 school closures and periods of virtual, remote, hybrid, or in-person instruction.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes transfer on death (TOD) of title to motor vehicle.. Description: Authorizes transfer on death (TOD) of title to motor vehicle.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires telemarketers to provide name, mailing address, and telephone number of person on whose behalf call is made.. Description: Requires telemarketers to provide name, mailing address, and telephone number of person on whose behalf call is made.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes procedures for seizure, care, and forfeiture of animals involved in animal cruelty violations.. Description: Establishes procedures for seizure, care, and forfeiture of animals involved in animal cruelty violations.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DEP, DOH, owners or operators of certain public water systems, and owners or operators of certain buildings to take certain actions to prevent and control cases of Legionnaires' disease.. Description: Requires DEP, DOH, owners or operators of certain public water systems, and owners or operators of certain buildings to take certain actions to prevent and control cases of Legionnaires' disease.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOH to encourage health care facilities and licensed health care professionals to develop a "Reach Out and Read Program.". Description: Requires DOH to encourage health care facilities and licensed health care professionals to develop a "Reach Out and Read Program."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Includes duct cleaning as public work subject to the prevailing wage law.. Description: Includes duct cleaning as public work subject to the prevailing wage law.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Alzheimer's and Dementia Care Long-Term Advisory Commission" in DHS.. Description: Establishes "Alzheimer's and Dementia Care Long-Term Advisory Commission" in DHS.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Siblings' Bill of Rights.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Siblings' Bill of Rights.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises requirements and process for temporary courtesy licenses and certificates issued by State Board of Examiners, NJ Board of Nursing, and other professional and occupational licensing boards to nonresident military spouses.. Description: Revises requirements and process for temporary courtesy licenses and certificates issued by State Board of Examiners, NJ Board of Nursing, and other professional and occupational licensing boards to nonresident military spouses.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes CRDA to finance transportation projects between Atlantic City Airport and Atlantic City Tourism District.. Description: Authorizes CRDA to finance transportation projects between Atlantic City Airport and Atlantic City Tourism District.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises out-of-network arbitration process.. Description: Revises out-of-network arbitration process.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires firearm owners who become New Jersey residents to obtain firearm purchaser identification card and register handguns acquired out-of-State.. Description: Requires firearm owners who become New Jersey residents to obtain firearm purchaser identification card and register handguns acquired out-of-State.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for civil actions against persons or entities profiting from commission of human trafficking offenses, or maintaining victims of such offenses.. Description: Provides for civil actions against persons or entities profiting from commission of human trafficking offenses, or maintaining victims of such offenses.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOH approval for adverse possessory action against hospitals.. Description: Requires DOH approval for adverse possessory action against hospitals.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes program in DOE to reimburse school districts for providing menstrual products in certain public schools and requires State to pay costs.. Description: Establishes program in DOE to reimburse school districts for providing menstrual products in certain public schools and requires State to pay costs.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows certain airports to carry over certain grant money into future years.. Description: Allows certain airports to carry over certain grant money into future years.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes program for certain individuals to become certified as homemaker-home health aides and provide services to certain Medicaid enrollees.. Description: Establishes program for certain individuals to become certified as homemaker-home health aides and provide services to certain Medicaid enrollees.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes NJ State Parks and Open Space Foundation.. Description: Establishes NJ State Parks and Open Space Foundation.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires business owners and rental unit owners to maintain certain liability insurance policies.. Description: Requires business owners and rental unit owners to maintain certain liability insurance policies.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires institutions of higher education to distribute information on availability of allowance for dependent care expenses in determination of cost of attendance.. Description: Requires institutions of higher education to distribute information on availability of allowance for dependent care expenses in determination of cost of attendance.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Military Pro Bono Program" to provide pro bono legal representation to active-duty members of Armed Forces, Reserve components, members of National Guard, and veterans.. Description: Establishes "Military Pro Bono Program" to provide pro bono legal representation to active-duty members of Armed Forces, Reserve components, members of National Guard, and veterans.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits electioneering within 25 feet of person waiting in line at polling place or ballot drop box; makes electioneering crime of third degree.. Description: Prohibits electioneering within 25 feet of person waiting in line at polling place or ballot drop box; makes electioneering crime of third degree.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows unions to file wage claim suits on behalf of workers regardless of their union affiliation.. Description: Allows unions to file wage claim suits on behalf of workers regardless of their union affiliation.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires employer or contractor engaged in goverment work for a public body to register with and submit payroll records to DOLWD.. Description: Requires employer or contractor engaged in goverment work for a public body to register with and submit payroll records to DOLWD.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public works contractor registration and payroll certification for public works projects to be completed online.. Description: Requires public works contractor registration and payroll certification for public works projects to be completed online.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes issuance of protective orders for certain victimized persons in situations for which domestic violence statutes do not apply due to lack of familial or dating relationship between victim and offending actor.. Description: Authorizes issuance of protective orders for certain victimized persons in situations for which domestic violence statutes do not apply due to lack of familial or dating relationship between victim and offending actor.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits counties to operate airports as county utilities; provides that bonds for county and municipal airport purposes be issued in accordance with provisions of "Local Bond Law.". Description: Permits counties to operate airports as county utilities; provides that bonds for county and municipal airport purposes be issued in accordance with provisions of "Local Bond Law."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits State Board of Education to authorize alternative teaching certificate.. Description: Permits State Board of Education to authorize alternative teaching certificate.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits DOC and DCF to award contracts for medical and dental services to vendors.. Description: Permits DOC and DCF to award contracts for medical and dental services to vendors.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Removes restriction on receipt of retirement annuities by certain members of JRS who file for deferred retirement.. Description: Removes restriction on receipt of retirement annuities by certain members of JRS who file for deferred retirement.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires health insurance carriers to provide coverage for epinephrine auto-injector devices and asthma inhalers; limits cost sharing for health insurance coverage of insulin.. Description: Requires health insurance carriers to provide coverage for epinephrine auto-injector devices and asthma inhalers; limits cost sharing for health insurance coverage of insulin.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes certain data reporting requirements for prescription drug supply chain; establishes Drug Affordability Council; appropriates $1,500,000.. Description: Establishes certain data reporting requirements for prescription drug supply chain; establishes Drug Affordability Council; appropriates $1,500,000.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires NJ Youth Suicide Prevention Advisory Council to prepare report regarding suicide prevention instruction in public schools.. Description: Requires NJ Youth Suicide Prevention Advisory Council to prepare report regarding suicide prevention instruction in public schools.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates franklinite as official mineral of State of NJ.. Description: Designates franklinite as official mineral of State of NJ.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Higher Education Student Advisory Commission.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Higher Education Student Advisory Commission.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for student recipients of educational opportunity funds to be exempt from 20 hour weekly work requirement ordinarily required for student SNAP participation.. Description: Provides for student recipients of educational opportunity funds to be exempt from 20 hour weekly work requirement ordinarily required for student SNAP participation.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires reporting agencies to report to Division of Consumer Affairs number of free consumer reports furnished to New Jersey resident consumers annually.. Description: Requires reporting agencies to report to Division of Consumer Affairs number of free consumer reports furnished to New Jersey resident consumers annually.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes $25 million supplemental appropriation to HMFA for Capital Improvement Assistance Program.. Description: Makes $25 million supplemental appropriation to HMFA for Capital Improvement Assistance Program.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits government dealings with businesses associated with Belarus or Russia.. Description: Prohibits government dealings with businesses associated with Belarus or Russia.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain boards of education to issue bonds to repair damages caused by natural disasters in certain circumstances.. Description: Authorizes certain boards of education to issue bonds to repair damages caused by natural disasters in certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases Medicaid reimbursement for in-person partial care and intensive outpatient behavioral health and substance use disorder treatment services, and associated transportation services, for adults.. Description: Increases Medicaid reimbursement for in-person partial care and intensive outpatient behavioral health and substance use disorder treatment services, and associated transportation services, for adults.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes FY 2022 supplemental appropriation to provide State military impact aid to certain school districts.. Description: Makes FY 2022 supplemental appropriation to provide State military impact aid to certain school districts.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Division of Minority and Women Business Development and State Chief Disparity Officer to monitor efforts to promote participation by minority-owned and women-owned businesses in State contracting.. Description: Establishes Division of Minority and Women Business Development and State Chief Disparity Officer to monitor efforts to promote participation by minority-owned and women-owned businesses in State contracting.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires registration of international student exchange visitor placement organizations with Commissioner of Education.. Description: Requires registration of international student exchange visitor placement organizations with Commissioner of Education.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $50,640,229,000 in State funds and $24,082,639,850 in federal funds for the State budget for fiscal year 2022-2023.. Description: Appropriates $50,640,229,000 in State funds and $24,082,639,850 in federal funds for the State budget for fiscal year 2022-2023.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DMVA establish Disabled Veterans Transportation Task Force.. Description: Requires DMVA establish Disabled Veterans Transportation Task Force.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain documentation of needs of students with disabilities during school security drills and emergency situations and in school security plans; requires staff training on needs of students with disabilities in emergency planning.. Description: Requires certain documentation of needs of students with disabilities during school security drills and emergency situations and in school security plans; requires staff training on needs of students with disabilities in emergency planning.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Twelfth Grade Postsecondary Transition Year Pilot Program" in Department of Education.. Description: Establishes "Twelfth Grade Postsecondary Transition Year Pilot Program" in Department of Education.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Repeals $100,000 cap on sales and use tax exemption for certain capital improvements made by businesses participating in Urban Enterprise Zone program.. Description: Repeals $100,000 cap on sales and use tax exemption for certain capital improvements made by businesses participating in Urban Enterprise Zone program.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns investigation of missing persons cases.. Description: Concerns investigation of missing persons cases.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DHS to conduct annual Medicaid eligibility redeterminations.. Description: Requires DHS to conduct annual Medicaid eligibility redeterminations.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires transportation network company to provide live customer service representative and certain notification to riders.. Description: Requires transportation network company to provide live customer service representative and certain notification to riders.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes incentive program for installation of energy storage systems.. Description: Establishes incentive program for installation of energy storage systems.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates permanent commission to study various statutory definitions of veteran, disabled veteran, and service-disabled veteran.. Description: Creates permanent commission to study various statutory definitions of veteran, disabled veteran, and service-disabled veteran.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises number of qualified disabled veterans' businesses required to designate set-aside contract from three to two.. Description: Revises number of qualified disabled veterans' businesses required to designate set-aside contract from three to two.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Limits fees charged for copies of medical and billing records.. Description: Limits fees charged for copies of medical and billing records.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes requirements concerning methods for determining whether child has specific learning disability under federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.. Description: Establishes requirements concerning methods for determining whether child has specific learning disability under federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Education to prepare learning loss report and report on public school operations during COVID-19 public health emergency.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Education to prepare learning loss report and report on public school operations during COVID-19 public health emergency.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Division of Travel and Tourism develop and maintain Internet website on historic sites, districts, and roadside markers.. Description: Requires Division of Travel and Tourism develop and maintain Internet website on historic sites, districts, and roadside markers.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits excused absences for students who attend civic events.. Description: Permits excused absences for students who attend civic events.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends prohibition on certain utility discontinuances for certain customers.. Description: Extends prohibition on certain utility discontinuances for certain customers.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns timely payment of UI benefits.. Description: Concerns timely payment of UI benefits.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns use of tents and other fixtures for outdoor dining on certain property.. Description: Concerns use of tents and other fixtures for outdoor dining on certain property.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes minimum NJ FamilyCare reimbursement rate for traumatic brain injury special care nursing facilities; establishes enhanced NJ FamilyCare reimbursement rate for nursing facilities under certain circumstances; makes an appropriation.. Description: Establishes minimum NJ FamilyCare reimbursement rate for traumatic brain injury special care nursing facilities; establishes enhanced NJ FamilyCare reimbursement rate for nursing facilities under certain circumstances; makes an appropriation.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DMVA assist discharged service members who have diagnosed service-connected mental health condition with petitions to change discharge designation.. Description: Requires DMVA assist discharged service members who have diagnosed service-connected mental health condition with petitions to change discharge designation.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for oversight and improvement of administration of unemployment compensation.. Description: Provides for oversight and improvement of administration of unemployment compensation.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires certain boards of education to select minimum of three financial institutions or pension management organizations to provide tax sheltered annuity plans.. Description: Requires certain boards of education to select minimum of three financial institutions or pension management organizations to provide tax sheltered annuity plans.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Updates "New Jersey Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Association Act" to current standards of National Association of Insurance Commissioners.. Description: Updates "New Jersey Life and Health Insurance Guaranty Association Act" to current standards of National Association of Insurance Commissioners.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows local government deferred compensation plans to invest in collective investment trusts.. Description: Allows local government deferred compensation plans to invest in collective investment trusts.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public schools and nonpublic schools to submit critical incident mapping data to local law enforcement.. Description: Requires public schools and nonpublic schools to submit critical incident mapping data to local law enforcement.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires adult day care centers to provide reasonable accommodations for certain persons.. Description: Requires adult day care centers to provide reasonable accommodations for certain persons.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State government entities provide vital documents and translation services in at least seven most common non-English languages.. Description: Requires State government entities provide vital documents and translation services in at least seven most common non-English languages.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires school districts to provide instruction on prevention of Lyme Disease and other tick-borne diseases in grades kindergarten through 12; requires DOH to publish certain guidelines concerning ticks.. Description: Requires school districts to provide instruction on prevention of Lyme Disease and other tick-borne diseases in grades kindergarten through 12; requires DOH to publish certain guidelines concerning ticks.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Thriving By Three competitive grant program for infant and toddler child care programs; appropriates $28 million.. Description: Establishes Thriving By Three competitive grant program for infant and toddler child care programs; appropriates $28 million.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOT to provide additional information in annual report on pavement condition and conduct pavement lifecycle cost analysis; make report available to public.. Description: Requires DOT to provide additional information in annual report on pavement condition and conduct pavement lifecycle cost analysis; make report available to public.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides child tax credit under gross income tax.. Description: Provides child tax credit under gross income tax.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires health benefits coverage of hearing aids and cochlear implants.. Description: Requires health benefits coverage of hearing aids and cochlear implants.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires stress testing on State's ability to provide services in various economic conditions.. Description: Requires stress testing on State's ability to provide services in various economic conditions.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes certain changes to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics educator grant program.. Description: Makes certain changes to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics educator grant program.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $1.5 million to provide tuition assistance for students enrolled at Thomas Edison State University.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $1.5 million to provide tuition assistance for students enrolled at Thomas Edison State University.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State Board of Education to permit candidates awaiting teacher certification to submit affidavit to hiring school district affirming certification requirements have been met.. Description: Requires State Board of Education to permit candidates awaiting teacher certification to submit affidavit to hiring school district affirming certification requirements have been met.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits for-profit affordable housing entities to join with non-profit entities and housing authorities in joint insurance funds under certain circumstances.. Description: Permits for-profit affordable housing entities to join with non-profit entities and housing authorities in joint insurance funds under certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns structural integrity regulations for certain residential buildings.. Description: Concerns structural integrity regulations for certain residential buildings.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends requirements for certain mixed use parking projects undertaken by municipal redevelopers under Economic Redevelopment and Growth Grant program; increases total available tax credits by $25 million.. Description: Amends requirements for certain mixed use parking projects undertaken by municipal redevelopers under Economic Redevelopment and Growth Grant program; increases total available tax credits by $25 million.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State employer to ascertain child abuse or sexual misconduct in employment applications for certain positions involving children; requires background checks for current and prospective employees.. Description: Requires State employer to ascertain child abuse or sexual misconduct in employment applications for certain positions involving children; requires background checks for current and prospective employees.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands definition of child under PFRS and SPRS.. Description: Expands definition of child under PFRS and SPRS.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public schools that offer student psychological services to offer remote sessions.. Description: Requires public schools that offer student psychological services to offer remote sessions.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits appointment of additional alternate deputy registrars.. Description: Permits appointment of additional alternate deputy registrars.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires NJ FamilyCare to reimburse claims for covered services submitted by clinical social workers, professional counselors, and marriage and family therapists under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires NJ FamilyCare to reimburse claims for covered services submitted by clinical social workers, professional counselors, and marriage and family therapists under certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates DEP State office building in City of Trenton as "Richard J. Sullivan Building.". Description: Designates DEP State office building in City of Trenton as "Richard J. Sullivan Building."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns licensing of law enforcement officers; appropriates $6 million.. Description: Concerns licensing of law enforcement officers; appropriates $6 million.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes fringe benefit rate for State colleges and universities.. Description: Establishes fringe benefit rate for State colleges and universities.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "VETeach Pilot Program" in DOE to facilitate teacher certification of veterans.. Description: Establishes "VETeach Pilot Program" in DOE to facilitate teacher certification of veterans.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes five-year community schools pilot program.. Description: Establishes five-year community schools pilot program.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns carbon monoxide detectors in certain multiple dwellings and hotels.. Description: Concerns carbon monoxide detectors in certain multiple dwellings and hotels.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain permit holders to complete practice driving hours to obtain probationary driver's license.. Description: Requires certain permit holders to complete practice driving hours to obtain probationary driver's license.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Uniform Public Expression Protection Act"; provides for expedited process for dismissal of "Strategic Lawsuit Against Public Participation" (SLAPP).. Description: "Uniform Public Expression Protection Act"; provides for expedited process for dismissal of "Strategic Lawsuit Against Public Participation" (SLAPP).
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Liberty State Park Design Task Force.. Description: Establishes Liberty State Park Design Task Force.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Working Group to Study Pricing of Motor Fuels by Retail Dealers.". Description: Establishes "Working Group to Study Pricing of Motor Fuels by Retail Dealers."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOBI to conduct study on impact of certain changes to individual and small group health insurance markets.. Description: Requires DOBI to conduct study on impact of certain changes to individual and small group health insurance markets.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Raises minimum amount of liability coverage for commercial motor vehicles and autocabs.. Description: Raises minimum amount of liability coverage for commercial motor vehicles and autocabs.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain insurers to disclose policy limits upon request by an attorney under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires certain insurers to disclose policy limits upon request by an attorney under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Upgrades certain crimes related to manufacturing firearms from third degree to second degree.. Description: Upgrades certain crimes related to manufacturing firearms from third degree to second degree.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits possession and requires registration of body armor in certain circumstances.. Description: Prohibits possession and requires registration of body armor in certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises criteria for remote net metering program established by BPU.. Description: Revises criteria for remote net metering program established by BPU.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Sustainable New Jersey Fund" in DEP to support certain sustainability initiatives; appropriates $1 million.. Description: Establishes "Sustainable New Jersey Fund" in DEP to support certain sustainability initiatives; appropriates $1 million.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Waives fees for marriage and civil union licenses in Fiscal Year 2023; appropriates $2 million.. Description: Waives fees for marriage and civil union licenses in Fiscal Year 2023; appropriates $2 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Elections Transparency Act;" requires reporting of campaign contributions in excess of $200; increases contribution limits; concerns independent expenditure committees, certain business entity contributions, and certain local provisions; requires appropriation.. Description: Establishes "Elections Transparency Act;" requires reporting of campaign contributions in excess of $200; increases contribution limits; concerns independent expenditure committees, certain business entity contributions, and certain local provisions; requires appropriation.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Behavioral Healthcare Provider Loan Redemption Program within Higher Education Student Assistance Authority; appropriates $5 million.. Description: Establishes Behavioral Healthcare Provider Loan Redemption Program within Higher Education Student Assistance Authority; appropriates $5 million.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands scope of Office of State Long-Term Care Ombudsman.. Description: Expands scope of Office of State Long-Term Care Ombudsman.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Mission Critical Long-Term Care Teams"; provides for identification of and intervention at long-term care facilities at risk of operational and financial distress.. Description: Establishes "Mission Critical Long-Term Care Teams"; provides for identification of and intervention at long-term care facilities at risk of operational and financial distress.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows ticket prices at postseason athletic events to be increased to offset event-related expenses.. Description: Allows ticket prices at postseason athletic events to be increased to offset event-related expenses.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises definition of destructive device to include certain .50 caliber rifles; makes certain exceptions.. Description: Revises definition of destructive device to include certain .50 caliber rifles; makes certain exceptions.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes DOT to compensate certain contractors and subcontractors affected by supply chain shortages; appropriates $10 million.. Description: Authorizes DOT to compensate certain contractors and subcontractors affected by supply chain shortages; appropriates $10 million.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides police officers may be present at senior residential center or school being used as polling place under certain circumstances; requires school to establish election day security plan.. Description: Provides police officers may be present at senior residential center or school being used as polling place under certain circumstances; requires school to establish election day security plan.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands allowance for developers to carry forward unused tax credits under New Jersey Aspire Program.. Description: Expands allowance for developers to carry forward unused tax credits under New Jersey Aspire Program.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions of Food Desert Relief Program.. Description: Revises various provisions of Food Desert Relief Program.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Credits $5.2 billion to "New Jersey Debt Defeasance and Prevention Fund"; appropriates $2.9 billion to NJ Schools Development Authority, NJ DOT, and NJT; and establishes process for authorizing future appropriations for debt defeasance and capital projects.. Description: Credits $5.2 billion to "New Jersey Debt Defeasance and Prevention Fund"; appropriates $2.9 billion to NJ Schools Development Authority, NJ DOT, and NJT; and establishes process for authorizing future appropriations for debt defeasance and capital projects.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns economic incentives for certain cannabis businesses.. Description: Concerns economic incentives for certain cannabis businesses.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Home Sharing Evaluation Task Force.. Description: Establishes Home Sharing Evaluation Task Force.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates Harter Road Interchange of Interstate Highway Route 287 as "Warren E. Wilhide Interchange.". Description: Designates Harter Road Interchange of Interstate Highway Route 287 as "Warren E. Wilhide Interchange."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns use of ignition interlock devices for drunk driving offenses.. Description: Concerns use of ignition interlock devices for drunk driving offenses.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises definition of women's business enterprise and minority business enterprise.. Description: Revises definition of women's business enterprise and minority business enterprise.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes State WFNJ Menstrual Hygiene Benefit Program and State WFNJ Diaper Benefit Program; appropriates $2.5 million to DHS.. Description: Establishes State WFNJ Menstrual Hygiene Benefit Program and State WFNJ Diaper Benefit Program; appropriates $2.5 million to DHS.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $15 million to DEP for implementation of Electric School Bus Program.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $15 million to DEP for implementation of Electric School Bus Program.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for child tax credit to be available in Tax Year 2022.. Description: Provides for child tax credit to be available in Tax Year 2022.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes School Safety and Security Task Force.. Description: Establishes School Safety and Security Task Force.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes position of Youth Disconnection Prevention and Recovery Ombudsperson; establishes "School Disconnection Prevention Task Force."; appropriates $200,000.. Description: Establishes position of Youth Disconnection Prevention and Recovery Ombudsperson; establishes "School Disconnection Prevention Task Force."; appropriates $200,000.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands culpability requirements for firearms trafficking offenses and violations of regulatory provisions relating to firearms.. Description: Expands culpability requirements for firearms trafficking offenses and violations of regulatory provisions relating to firearms.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits certain school districts to establish State military impact aid reserve account.. Description: Permits certain school districts to establish State military impact aid reserve account.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides retirement allowance after 20 years of service regardless of age for members of PFRS.. Description: Provides retirement allowance after 20 years of service regardless of age for members of PFRS.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes installation and operation of meter collar adapters on residential electric meters, under certain conditions.. Description: Authorizes installation and operation of meter collar adapters on residential electric meters, under certain conditions.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes uptime requirement for electric vehicle charging station incentive programs.. Description: Establishes uptime requirement for electric vehicle charging station incentive programs.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires sellers of real property and landlords to make certain notifications regarding flooding.. Description: Requires sellers of real property and landlords to make certain notifications regarding flooding.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises goal for annual capacity of solar energy projects to be approved under Community Solar Energy Program; allows certain customers to self-attest to income for program participation; allows information disclosure of customers participating in program.. Description: Revises goal for annual capacity of solar energy projects to be approved under Community Solar Energy Program; allows certain customers to self-attest to income for program participation; allows information disclosure of customers participating in program.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes definition of eligible contract for DOT grant program to compensate certain contractors and subcontractors affected by supply chain shortages.. Description: Changes definition of eligible contract for DOT grant program to compensate certain contractors and subcontractors affected by supply chain shortages.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands "Daniel's Law" to prohibit disclosure of personal information concerning child protective investigators.. Description: Expands "Daniel's Law" to prohibit disclosure of personal information concerning child protective investigators.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes strict liability criminal penalties for firearm trafficking that results in injury or death.. Description: Establishes strict liability criminal penalties for firearm trafficking that results in injury or death.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes schools to receive certain food waste from other schools, and provides exemption to such receiving schools from certain DEP permits, under certain conditions.. Description: Authorizes schools to receive certain food waste from other schools, and provides exemption to such receiving schools from certain DEP permits, under certain conditions.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DEP and Drinking Water Quality Institute to perform study concerning regulation and treatment of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances.. Description: Requires DEP and Drinking Water Quality Institute to perform study concerning regulation and treatment of perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Division of Travel and Tourism to re-draw tourism map to promote Central Jersey; requires promotion of overnight stays.. Description: Requires Division of Travel and Tourism to re-draw tourism map to promote Central Jersey; requires promotion of overnight stays.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends temporary waiver of certain basic life support services and specialty care transport unit crewmember requirements.. Description: Extends temporary waiver of certain basic life support services and specialty care transport unit crewmember requirements.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends lists of projects eligible to receive loans for environmental infrastructure projects from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY2023.. Description: Amends lists of projects eligible to receive loans for environmental infrastructure projects from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY2023.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends lists of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding by DEP; makes various changes to FY2023 environmental infrastructure funding program.. Description: Amends lists of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding by DEP; makes various changes to FY2023 environmental infrastructure funding program.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows complaint for guardianship of minor receiving developmental disability services to be filed six months before minor reaches age 18; establishes certain standards for filing guardianship complaints.. Description: Allows complaint for guardianship of minor receiving developmental disability services to be filed six months before minor reaches age 18; establishes certain standards for filing guardianship complaints.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires establishment of new State website with information on rights related to, and health benefits coverage for, reproductive health care services.. Description: Requires establishment of new State website with information on rights related to, and health benefits coverage for, reproductive health care services.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits persons from receiving compensation for advising or assisting with veterans benefits.. Description: Prohibits persons from receiving compensation for advising or assisting with veterans benefits.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires payment of tuition for certain non-resident public school students.. Description: Requires payment of tuition for certain non-resident public school students.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Raises maximum workers' compensation fees for evaluating physicians; expands circumstances for which physician legal fees are permitted.. Description: Raises maximum workers' compensation fees for evaluating physicians; expands circumstances for which physician legal fees are permitted.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Codifies prohibition of discriminatory practices in real estate appraisals and requires real estate appraisers to complete anti-bias training.. Description: Codifies prohibition of discriminatory practices in real estate appraisals and requires real estate appraisers to complete anti-bias training.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Amends Fiscal Year 2024 annual appropriations act to extend ANCHOR Property Tax Relief Program eligibility to homestead owners and tenants who made payments in lieu of taxes.. Description: Amends Fiscal Year 2024 annual appropriations act to extend ANCHOR Property Tax Relief Program eligibility to homestead owners and tenants who made payments in lieu of taxes.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Enhances penalties for distribution and manufacture of certain amounts of fentanyl.. Description: Enhances penalties for distribution and manufacture of certain amounts of fentanyl.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows issuance of alcoholic beverage retail license for use in connection with nonprofit movie theaters that promote arts.. Description: Allows issuance of alcoholic beverage retail license for use in connection with nonprofit movie theaters that promote arts.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires school districts to provide instruction on grief as part of New Jersey Student Learning Standards in Comprehensive Health and Physical Education.. Description: Requires school districts to provide instruction on grief as part of New Jersey Student Learning Standards in Comprehensive Health and Physical Education.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits water utility from taking certain actions if utility fails to participate in Low Income Household Water Assistance Program.. Description: Prohibits water utility from taking certain actions if utility fails to participate in Low Income Household Water Assistance Program.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows for eligible organizations to use large entertainment venues to conduct raffles in certain municipalities.. Description: Allows for eligible organizations to use large entertainment venues to conduct raffles in certain municipalities.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State Long-Term Care Ombudsman to include memory care training in annual long-term care training program.. Description: Requires State Long-Term Care Ombudsman to include memory care training in annual long-term care training program.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides that operator, owner, lessor, or lienholder of vehicle may be responsible for certain towing and storage fees; applies retroactively.. Description: Provides that operator, owner, lessor, or lienholder of vehicle may be responsible for certain towing and storage fees; applies retroactively.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires person selling or transporting grease to possess documentation of origin of grease.. Description: Requires person selling or transporting grease to possess documentation of origin of grease.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows Commission on Science, Innovation and Technology to provide grants to employees of public institutions of higher education and their companies.. Description: Allows Commission on Science, Innovation and Technology to provide grants to employees of public institutions of higher education and their companies.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public institutions of higher education to submit annual fiscal monitoring report; authorizes Secretary of Higher Education to appoint State monitor of certain institutions; requires higher education chief financial officers complete training; annually appropriates $100,000.. Description: Requires public institutions of higher education to submit annual fiscal monitoring report; authorizes Secretary of Higher Education to appoint State monitor of certain institutions; requires higher education chief financial officers complete training; annually appropriates $100,000.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Updates certain insurance company investment provisions in accordance with Investments of Insurers Model Act.. Description: Updates certain insurance company investment provisions in accordance with Investments of Insurers Model Act.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows certain municipal water systems, under certain circumstances, to use lands preserved for recreation and conservation for drinking water wells and associated treatment equipment or facilities.. Description: Allows certain municipal water systems, under certain circumstances, to use lands preserved for recreation and conservation for drinking water wells and associated treatment equipment or facilities.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "The Small Business Health Insurance Affordability Act"; revises certain requirements for individual and small employer health benefits plans.. Description: "The Small Business Health Insurance Affordability Act"; revises certain requirements for individual and small employer health benefits plans.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires BPU to study and implement methods to allow additional distributed energy sources to interconnect to electrical grid.. Description: Requires BPU to study and implement methods to allow additional distributed energy sources to interconnect to electrical grid.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends certain requirements for installation of electric vehicle supply equipment and Make-Ready parking spaces.. Description: Amends certain requirements for installation of electric vehicle supply equipment and Make-Ready parking spaces.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns motor vehicles overtaking certain pedestrians and persons operating bicycles and personal conveyances.. Description: Concerns motor vehicles overtaking certain pedestrians and persons operating bicycles and personal conveyances.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits receipt of retirement annuities by certain members of JRS who filed for deferred retirement.. Description: Permits receipt of retirement annuities by certain members of JRS who filed for deferred retirement.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires text messages soliciting home owners to provide notice when individuals sending solicitations are not licensed by New Jersey Real Estate Commission.. Description: Requires text messages soliciting home owners to provide notice when individuals sending solicitations are not licensed by New Jersey Real Estate Commission.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes certain deadlines for primary election.. Description: Changes certain deadlines for primary election.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Require voting machines to be recertified annually and after software modifications.. Description: Require voting machines to be recertified annually and after software modifications.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes use of healthcare platforms providing discounted prices for payment of prescription and non-prescription drugs or devices and for telehealth and telemedicine services.. Description: Authorizes use of healthcare platforms providing discounted prices for payment of prescription and non-prescription drugs or devices and for telehealth and telemedicine services.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Reduces parking spaces required in Statewide site improvement standards at residential developments relative to development's proximity to public transportation.. Description: Reduces parking spaces required in Statewide site improvement standards at residential developments relative to development's proximity to public transportation.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires labeling of non-flushable disposable wipes.. Description: Requires labeling of non-flushable disposable wipes.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates bridge over Crosswicks Creek on Interstate Highway Route 295 North as "Benjamin Moore and the 693rd Sapper Company Memorial Highway.". Description: Designates bridge over Crosswicks Creek on Interstate Highway Route 295 North as "Benjamin Moore and the 693rd Sapper Company Memorial Highway."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises pass-through business alternative income tax to include more forms of S corporation income in calculation of pass-through business alternative income tax liability; modifies election and revocation dates for pass-through business alternative income tax.. Description: Revises pass-through business alternative income tax to include more forms of S corporation income in calculation of pass-through business alternative income tax liability; modifies election and revocation dates for pass-through business alternative income tax.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides additional State school aid to certain school districts; appropriates $103,023,579.. Description: Provides additional State school aid to certain school districts; appropriates $103,023,579.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Electric and Hybrid Vehicle Battery Management Act.". Description: "Electric and Hybrid Vehicle Battery Management Act."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes Higher Education Student Assistance Authority to award summer tuition aid grants in summer of 2023; appropriates $1,000.. Description: Authorizes Higher Education Student Assistance Authority to award summer tuition aid grants in summer of 2023; appropriates $1,000.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Transfers Motion Picture and Television Development Commission to EDA; revises provisions of film and digital media content production tax credit program; appropriates 30 million.. Description: Transfers Motion Picture and Television Development Commission to EDA; revises provisions of film and digital media content production tax credit program; appropriates 30 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates State Office of Emergency Management as State Agency for Surplus Property.. Description: Designates State Office of Emergency Management as State Agency for Surplus Property.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits SHBP and SEHBP to award contracts for more claims administrators for each program plan; requires claims data and trend reports to be provided to certain persons.. Description: Permits SHBP and SEHBP to award contracts for more claims administrators for each program plan; requires claims data and trend reports to be provided to certain persons.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes deadline for unaffiliated mail-in voters to declare their political party before primary election.. Description: Changes deadline for unaffiliated mail-in voters to declare their political party before primary election.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates fees, liens, and warrants issued for Public Defender services.. Description: Eliminates fees, liens, and warrants issued for Public Defender services.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs Office of the Public Defender to provide representation at parole revocation proceedings.. Description: Directs Office of the Public Defender to provide representation at parole revocation proceedings.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns prevailing wage requirements for certain fabrication.. Description: Concerns prevailing wage requirements for certain fabrication.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows sale of malt alcoholic beverages in cans or bottles marked for deposit of another state.. Description: Allows sale of malt alcoholic beverages in cans or bottles marked for deposit of another state.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies certain provisions of "New Jersey Innovation Evergreen Act" and "Food Desert Relief Act.". Description: Modifies certain provisions of "New Jersey Innovation Evergreen Act" and "Food Desert Relief Act."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY 2024.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY 2024.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates funds to DEP for environmental infrastructure projects for FY 2024.. Description: Appropriates funds to DEP for environmental infrastructure projects for FY 2024.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits teacher, and professional staff member who provides special services, who retired from TPAF to return to employment for up to two years without reenrollment in TPAF if employment commences during the 2023-2024 school year.. Description: Permits teacher, and professional staff member who provides special services, who retired from TPAF to return to employment for up to two years without reenrollment in TPAF if employment commences during the 2023-2024 school year.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes emergency teacher endorsements in certain circumstances.. Description: Establishes emergency teacher endorsements in certain circumstances.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies process for administrative appropriations to UEZs.. Description: Clarifies process for administrative appropriations to UEZs.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Corrections to institute 10-minute shift overlap in State correctional facilities; appropriates $13 million.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Corrections to institute 10-minute shift overlap in State correctional facilities; appropriates $13 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for merger of Bloomfield College with Montclair State University; expands powers and property of Montclair State University; and expands State college risk management group.. Description: Provides for merger of Bloomfield College with Montclair State University; expands powers and property of Montclair State University; and expands State college risk management group.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "New Jersey Maternal and Infant Health Innovation Center Act," and appropriates $2,220,000.. Description: Establishes "New Jersey Maternal and Infant Health Innovation Center Act," and appropriates $2,220,000.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for transportation infrastructure projects for FY2024; makes appropriation.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for transportation infrastructure projects for FY2024; makes appropriation.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises NJCLASS Teacher Loan Redemption Program.. Description: Revises NJCLASS Teacher Loan Redemption Program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes Higher Education Student Assistance Authority to award annual summer tuition aid grants.. Description: Authorizes Higher Education Student Assistance Authority to award annual summer tuition aid grants.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits students to be eligible for high school graduation credits in health, safety, and physical education for completing county fire academy course under certain circumstances.. Description: Permits students to be eligible for high school graduation credits in health, safety, and physical education for completing county fire academy course under certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates portion of State Highway Route No. 47 in Deptford Township as "Officer Robert J. Shisler Memorial Highway.". Description: Designates portion of State Highway Route No. 47 in Deptford Township as "Officer Robert J. Shisler Memorial Highway."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands eligibility for wildlife fencing programs to farmers leasing farmland; clarifies eligibility and provides for uniform funding levels for grant recipients.. Description: Expands eligibility for wildlife fencing programs to farmers leasing farmland; clarifies eligibility and provides for uniform funding levels for grant recipients.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires health benefits coverage for additional prosthetic appliance under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires health benefits coverage for additional prosthetic appliance under certain circumstances.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises certain requirements for involuntary commitment for mental health treatment.. Description: Revises certain requirements for involuntary commitment for mental health treatment.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Waives certain certification and credentialing fees for teachers for one year.. Description: Waives certain certification and credentialing fees for teachers for one year.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows Attorney General to appoint officer in charge when superseding certain law enforcement agencies.. Description: Allows Attorney General to appoint officer in charge when superseding certain law enforcement agencies.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes exemption from State school aid reductions for certain school districts.. Description: Establishes exemption from State school aid reductions for certain school districts.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates unexpended funds from "1999 Statewide Transportation and Local Bridge Fund.". Description: Appropriates unexpended funds from "1999 Statewide Transportation and Local Bridge Fund."
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands exemptions from drug paraphernalia laws to also exempt certain harm reduction supplies.. Description: Expands exemptions from drug paraphernalia laws to also exempt certain harm reduction supplies.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows for credit against contract cost for primary care services managed by health care provider for public employees and their dependents; allows referrals to other providers that have contractual relationship with such health care provider.. Description: Allows for credit against contract cost for primary care services managed by health care provider for public employees and their dependents; allows referrals to other providers that have contractual relationship with such health care provider.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Mobility and Transportation Innovation Program in DOT; appropriates $2 million.. Description: Establishes Mobility and Transportation Innovation Program in DOT; appropriates $2 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Social Impact Investment Fund; appropriates $20 million.. Description: Establishes Social Impact Investment Fund; appropriates $20 million.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes FY 2023 supplemental appropriations of $158,525,000 and modifies certain language provisions.. Description: Makes FY 2023 supplemental appropriations of $158,525,000 and modifies certain language provisions.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Credits $400 million to "New Jersey Debt Defeasance and Prevention Fund"; appropriates $371 million to DOC, DLPS, South Jersey Port Corporation, and DOT; establishes process for authorizing future appropriations for debt defeasance and capital projects.. Description: Credits $400 million to "New Jersey Debt Defeasance and Prevention Fund"; appropriates $371 million to DOC, DLPS, South Jersey Port Corporation, and DOT; establishes process for authorizing future appropriations for debt defeasance and capital projects.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs Secretary of Higher Education to establish Legislative Youth Council and select institution of higher education in this State as host; makes changes to council's structure to provide flexibility in activities and operations.. Description: Directs Secretary of Higher Education to establish Legislative Youth Council and select institution of higher education in this State as host; makes changes to council's structure to provide flexibility in activities and operations.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Boardwalk Preservation Fund" in DCA; appropriates $100 million from federal "American Rescue Plan Act of 2021.". Description: Establishes "Boardwalk Preservation Fund" in DCA; appropriates $100 million from federal "American Rescue Plan Act of 2021."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies New Jersey Community-Anchored Development Program.. Description: Modifies New Jersey Community-Anchored Development Program.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions of "New Jersey Economic Recovery Act of 2020," including revisions to New Jersey Aspire Program.. Description: Revises various provisions of "New Jersey Economic Recovery Act of 2020," including revisions to New Jersey Aspire Program.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns jurisdiction and operations of regional municipal courts.. Description: Concerns jurisdiction and operations of regional municipal courts.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows board of county commissioners to hold annual meeting at certain additional locations other than the Superior Court.. Description: Allows board of county commissioners to hold annual meeting at certain additional locations other than the Superior Court.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns temporary registration certificates and license plates.. Description: Concerns temporary registration certificates and license plates.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires private bus operators to provide notice and hold public meetings for certain service changes.. Description: Requires private bus operators to provide notice and hold public meetings for certain service changes.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain health care facilities to develop certain doula policies and procedures.. Description: Requires certain health care facilities to develop certain doula policies and procedures.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Special legislation to change name of "Township of South Orange Village" to "South Orange Village"; changes titles of certain municipal officials; permits nonpartisan municipal elections to be moved to November; permits stipend for governing body members.. Description: Special legislation to change name of "Township of South Orange Village" to "South Orange Village"; changes titles of certain municipal officials; permits nonpartisan municipal elections to be moved to November; permits stipend for governing body members.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes minimum base NJ FamilyCare per diem reimbursement rate of $1,100 for special care nursing facility with neurologically impaired young adult unit.. Description: Establishes minimum base NJ FamilyCare per diem reimbursement rate of $1,100 for special care nursing facility with neurologically impaired young adult unit.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes number of signatures required on primary election petition to nominate certain municipal candidates in certain municipalities.. Description: Changes number of signatures required on primary election petition to nominate certain municipal candidates in certain municipalities.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates vote on school budgets for Type II school districts in April elections, except for separate proposals to spend above cap.. Description: Eliminates vote on school budgets for Type II school districts in April elections, except for separate proposals to spend above cap.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes various revisions to alcoholic beverage manufacturing and retailing license laws.. Description: Makes various revisions to alcoholic beverage manufacturing and retailing license laws.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits certain special State officers to represent licensed cannabis and casino businesses. Description: Permits certain special State officers to represent licensed cannabis and casino businesses
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Organizes the General Assembly for the Two Hundred and Twentieth Legislature, amends Assembly Rules 4:2, 10:1, and 10:3, and re-establishes the Special Committee on Infrastructure and Natural Resources.. Description: Organizes the General Assembly for the Two Hundred and Twentieth Legislature, amends Assembly Rules 4:2, 10:1, and 10:3, and re-establishes the Special Committee on Infrastructure and Natural Resources.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges President and Congress of the United States to create National Infrastructure Bank.. Description: Urges President and Congress of the United States to create National Infrastructure Bank.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Opposes City of New York congestion pricing plan.. Description: Opposes City of New York congestion pricing plan.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to provide menstrual hygiene products under Medicaid, SNAP, and WIC programs.. Description: Urges Congress to provide menstrual hygiene products under Medicaid, SNAP, and WIC programs.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Secretary of Navy to designate Delaware River as site for celebration of 250th anniversary of Navy and Marine Corps.. Description: Urges Secretary of Navy to designate Delaware River as site for celebration of 250th anniversary of Navy and Marine Corps.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges United States Department of Agriculture to authorize permanent use of SNAP benefits for online purchasing of foods.. Description: Urges United States Department of Agriculture to authorize permanent use of SNAP benefits for online purchasing of foods.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Division of Parks and Forestry to market and offer local NJ-based art and agricultural products at park sites, whenever possible.. Description: Urges Division of Parks and Forestry to market and offer local NJ-based art and agricultural products at park sites, whenever possible.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Commemorates celebration of Saint Patrick's Day.. Description: Commemorates celebration of Saint Patrick's Day.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress and President to enact legislation creating program to subsidize purchase of diapers.. Description: Urges Congress and President to enact legislation creating program to subsidize purchase of diapers.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Celebrates 50th anniversary of Center for American Women and Politics.. Description: Celebrates 50th anniversary of Center for American Women and Politics.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes membership of Budget and Labor Committees; clarifies that bill or resolution may be listed on committee agenda for purposes of amendment.. Description: Changes membership of Budget and Labor Committees; clarifies that bill or resolution may be listed on committee agenda for purposes of amendment.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Calls upon federal government to permit use of SNAP and WIC benefits to pay for diaper purchases.. Description: Calls upon federal government to permit use of SNAP and WIC benefits to pay for diaper purchases.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Commemorates New Jersey-Taiwan sister state relationship and recognizes importance of strong and enduring partnership between New Jersey and Taiwan.. Description: Commemorates New Jersey-Taiwan sister state relationship and recognizes importance of strong and enduring partnership between New Jersey and Taiwan.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Commemorates appointment of Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson as Associate Justice of United States Supreme Court.. Description: Commemorates appointment of Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson as Associate Justice of United States Supreme Court.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to reconcile United States Innovation and Competition Act and American COMPETES Act to expedite funding for semiconductor production and innovation.. Description: Urges Congress to reconcile United States Innovation and Competition Act and American COMPETES Act to expedite funding for semiconductor production and innovation.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to increase access to skilled nursing facility and home office data.. Description: Urges Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to increase access to skilled nursing facility and home office data.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges United States Senate to pass certain federal legislation to protect trafficking victims.. Description: Urges United States Senate to pass certain federal legislation to protect trafficking victims.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Respectfully urges Congress and President to increase funding for National Aeronautics and Space Administration.. Description: Respectfully urges Congress and President to increase funding for National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges President and Congress to enact legislation that requires parental consent for children under 13 years of age to use social media and other websites.. Description: Urges President and Congress to enact legislation that requires parental consent for children under 13 years of age to use social media and other websites.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges incorporation of Sikhism instruction into social studies curriculum.. Description: Urges incorporation of Sikhism instruction into social studies curriculum.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes "Gun Violence Awareness Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Recognizes "Gun Violence Awareness Day" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges United States Supreme Court to protect freedom of reproductive choice with respect to use of and access to mifepristone.. Description: Urges United States Supreme Court to protect freedom of reproductive choice with respect to use of and access to mifepristone.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges United States Supreme Court to overturn lower court opinion allowing domestic violence abusers to possess firearms.. Description: Urges United States Supreme Court to overturn lower court opinion allowing domestic violence abusers to possess firearms.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Condemns House of Representatives proposals to defund FBI and DOJ.. Description: Condemns House of Representatives proposals to defund FBI and DOJ.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates June 2023 as LGBTQIA+ Pride Month in New Jersey.. Description: Designates June 2023 as LGBTQIA+ Pride Month in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges DRPA to create toll discount program for military veterans.. Description: Urges DRPA to create toll discount program for military veterans.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges United States Department of Agriculture to authorize permanent use of SNAP benefits for online purchasing of foods.. Description: Urges United States Department of Agriculture to authorize permanent use of SNAP benefits for online purchasing of foods.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to pass legislation requiring mortgage lenders to consider rent payments when determining people's credit worthiness.. Description: Urges Congress to pass legislation requiring mortgage lenders to consider rent payments when determining people's credit worthiness.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes May 2 to May 8, 2022 as Trenton Navy Week in New Jersey.. Description: Recognizes May 2 to May 8, 2022 as Trenton Navy Week in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Governor to immediately address unemployment claim backlog and reopen State offices closed to public.. Description: Urges Governor to immediately address unemployment claim backlog and reopen State offices closed to public.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission to continue prohibiting harvest of female horseshoe crabs.. Description: Urges Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission to continue prohibiting harvest of female horseshoe crabs.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to pass resolution condemning violence against historically Black colleges and universities.. Description: Urges Congress to pass resolution condemning violence against historically Black colleges and universities.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Commemorates New Jersey-Taiwan sister state relationship and recognizes importance of strong and enduring partnership between New Jersey and Taiwan.. Description: Commemorates New Jersey-Taiwan sister state relationship and recognizes importance of strong and enduring partnership between New Jersey and Taiwan.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Commemorates 50th anniversary of Pell Grant program.. Description: Commemorates 50th anniversary of Pell Grant program.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes and honors critical energy and utility infrastructure workforce for service during COVID-19 pandemic and recent extreme weather events.. Description: Recognizes and honors critical energy and utility infrastructure workforce for service during COVID-19 pandemic and recent extreme weather events.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits certain members of Senate to remotely attend and participate in June 29, 2022 meeting due to COVID-19 health concerns.. Description: Permits certain members of Senate to remotely attend and participate in June 29, 2022 meeting due to COVID-19 health concerns.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits certain members of Senate to remotely attend and participate in August 8, 2022 meeting due to COVID-19 health concerns.. Description: Permits certain members of Senate to remotely attend and participate in August 8, 2022 meeting due to COVID-19 health concerns.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits certain members of Senate to remotely attend and participate in September 29, 2022 meeting due to COVID-19 health concerns.. Description: Permits certain members of Senate to remotely attend and participate in September 29, 2022 meeting due to COVID-19 health concerns.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates week of November 6 through November 12, 2022 as "Certified Public Accountants Week" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates week of November 6 through November 12, 2022 as "Certified Public Accountants Week" in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expresses opposition to New York's congestion pricing plan and urges Federal Highway Administration to include New Jersey stakeholders in decision-making process.. Description: Expresses opposition to New York's congestion pricing plan and urges Federal Highway Administration to include New Jersey stakeholders in decision-making process.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges incorporation of Sikhism instruction into social studies curriculum.. Description: Urges incorporation of Sikhism instruction into social studies curriculum.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges federal Department of Veterans Affairs to establish Vet Center in Northwestern New Jersey.. Description: Urges federal Department of Veterans Affairs to establish Vet Center in Northwestern New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs SCI to examine human trafficking activity at certain places of business.. Description: Directs SCI to examine human trafficking activity at certain places of business.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges US Congress and President to strengthen provisions of Medicare Part D.. Description: Urges US Congress and President to strengthen provisions of Medicare Part D.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges United States Congress to pass "Universal School Meals Program Act of 2021.". Description: Urges United States Congress to pass "Universal School Meals Program Act of 2021."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Condemns Russian invasion of Ukraine and supports Ukraine's government and citizens.. Description: Condemns Russian invasion of Ukraine and supports Ukraine's government and citizens.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Approves eligible historic preservation project in Monmouth County to receive low-interest loan utilizing monies from 1987 historic preservation bond act.. Description: Approves eligible historic preservation project in Monmouth County to receive low-interest loan utilizing monies from 1987 historic preservation bond act.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Honors Korean veterans of Vietnam War.. Description: Honors Korean veterans of Vietnam War.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Reconstitutes the "Joint Committee on Economic Justice and Equal Employment Opportunity.". Description: Reconstitutes the "Joint Committee on Economic Justice and Equal Employment Opportunity."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Approves FY 2023 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.. Description: Approves FY 2023 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends Legislative Code of Ethics to remove requirement that legislators disclose address of their home or principal residence.. Description: Amends Legislative Code of Ethics to remove requirement that legislators disclose address of their home or principal residence.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges Governor to develop plan for applying to VA State Home Construction Grant Program.. Description: Urges Governor to develop plan for applying to VA State Home Construction Grant Program.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Commemorates 100th anniversary of Rowan University.. Description: Commemorates 100th anniversary of Rowan University.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises Joint Rules concerning prefiling, district offices, and information technology system.. Description: Revises Joint Rules concerning prefiling, district offices, and information technology system.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges DOE to collect data on use of virtual or remote instruction.. Description: Urges DOE to collect data on use of virtual or remote instruction.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Governor, BPU, and certain Commissioners to increase female, minority, and veteran-owned small business participation in contracts awarded with certain federal funds.. Description: Urges Governor, BPU, and certain Commissioners to increase female, minority, and veteran-owned small business participation in contracts awarded with certain federal funds.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges Congress and President to permanently exempt Puerto Rico from Jones Act.. Description: Urges Congress and President to permanently exempt Puerto Rico from Jones Act.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges U.S. President and Congress to enact legislation giving registered organ donors priority in organ allocation.. Description: Urges U.S. President and Congress to enact legislation giving registered organ donors priority in organ allocation.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Recognizes and honors contributions of Malayalee people of NJ.. Description: Recognizes and honors contributions of Malayalee people of NJ.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges Congress to provide for universal school meals program.. Description: Urges Congress to provide for universal school meals program.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Commemorates 127th anniversary of Jewish War Veterans of United States of America.. Description: Commemorates 127th anniversary of Jewish War Veterans of United States of America.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Approves updated FY2023 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.. Description: Approves updated FY2023 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Approves FY 2024 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.. Description: Approves FY 2024 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates August of each year as "Black Business Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates August of each year as "Black Business Month" in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates March 31 of each year as "Cesar Chavez Day.". Description: Designates March 31 of each year as "Cesar Chavez Day."
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates November each year as "Hospice and Palliative Care Awareness Month.". Description: Designates November each year as "Hospice and Palliative Care Awareness Month."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates April 16 of each year as "Upcycling Day" in State.. Description: Designates April 16 of each year as "Upcycling Day" in State.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates November 25 of each year as the "Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women in New Jersey.". Description: Designates November 25 of each year as the "Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women in New Jersey."
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates July of each year as "Self-Care Awareness Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates July of each year as "Self-Care Awareness Month" in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expresses support for commissioning of SSN-796, U.S.S. New Jersey, in New Jersey.. Description: Expresses support for commissioning of SSN-796, U.S.S. New Jersey, in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates February 28 of each year as "Amistad Day.". Description: Designates February 28 of each year as "Amistad Day."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates month of March of each year as "Irish-American Heritage Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates month of March of each year as "Irish-American Heritage Month" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates January 30 of each year as Fred Korematsu Day of Civil Liberties and the Constitution of NJ.. Description: Designates January 30 of each year as Fred Korematsu Day of Civil Liberties and the Constitution of NJ.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates October of each year as "Cranberry Harvest Month.". Description: Designates October of each year as "Cranberry Harvest Month."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates month of April of each year as "Military Child Appreciation Month" in NJ; designates last full week of April of each year as "Military Child Appreciation Week" in NJ.. Description: Designates month of April of each year as "Military Child Appreciation Month" in NJ; designates last full week of April of each year as "Military Child Appreciation Week" in NJ.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes the last full week of May as "Period Poverty Awareness Week.". Description: Establishes the last full week of May as "Period Poverty Awareness Week."
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates November of each year as "Caregivers Awareness Month.". Description: Designates November of each year as "Caregivers Awareness Month."
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates November of each year as "Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease Awareness Month.". Description: Designates November of each year as "Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease Awareness Month."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permanently designates March 8th as "International Women's Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Permanently designates March 8th as "International Women's Day" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates third full week in May as "Roxie's Wish: Drowning Prevention Week for Children.". Description: Designates third full week in May as "Roxie's Wish: Drowning Prevention Week for Children."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates April 13th as Borinqueneers Day in New Jersey.. Description: Designates April 13th as Borinqueneers Day in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates October 15th of each year as "New Jersey Railroad Workers Day.". Description: Designates October 15th of each year as "New Jersey Railroad Workers Day."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permanently designates first full week in April as "Week of the Young Child" in New Jersey.. Description: Permanently designates first full week in April as "Week of the Young Child" in New Jersey.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates November 22 of each year as Kimchi Day.. Description: Designates November 22 of each year as Kimchi Day.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates June 15 of each year as Elder Abuse Awareness Day.. Description: Designates June 15 of each year as Elder Abuse Awareness Day.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates second week of November of each year as "Urinary Incontinence Awareness Week" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates second week of November of each year as "Urinary Incontinence Awareness Week" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates September of each year as "Menopause Awareness Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates September of each year as "Menopause Awareness Month" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates third week of September of each year as "New Jersey Rail Safety Week.". Description: Designates third week of September of each year as "New Jersey Rail Safety Week."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates September of each year as "Workforce Development Month.". Description: Designates September of each year as "Workforce Development Month."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates third Sunday of November of each year as "World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims" in NJ.. Description: Designates third Sunday of November of each year as "World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims" in NJ.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates May of each year as "Older Americans Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates May of each year as "Older Americans Month" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates July 5 of each year as Larry Doby Day.. Description: Designates July 5 of each year as Larry Doby Day.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Condemns hate in all forms and especially all hate and bias crimes.. Description: Condemns hate in all forms and especially all hate and bias crimes.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates March 16 as "Paws Healing Heroes Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates March 16 as "Paws Healing Heroes Day" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Commemorates 70th anniversary of armistice that ended Korean War.. Description: Commemorates 70th anniversary of armistice that ended Korean War.
In 2024, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes 75th anniversary of establishment of State of Israel.. Description: Recognizes 75th anniversary of establishment of State of Israel.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates October 11 of each year as the "Day of the Girl" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates October 11 of each year as the "Day of the Girl" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates second week of June of each year as "Kids Entrepreneurship Awareness Week.". Description: Designates second week of June of each year as "Kids Entrepreneurship Awareness Week."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates October of each year as "First Responders Appreciation Month.". Description: Designates October of each year as "First Responders Appreciation Month."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates second week of November of each year as "National Apprenticeship Week in New Jersey.". Description: Designates second week of November of each year as "National Apprenticeship Week in New Jersey."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates March as "Triple Negative Breast Cancer Awareness Month.". Description: Designates March as "Triple Negative Breast Cancer Awareness Month."
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates October 23 of each year as "Sudden, Unexpected Death in Epilepsy (SUDEP) Awareness Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates October 23 of each year as "Sudden, Unexpected Death in Epilepsy (SUDEP) Awareness Day" in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to include funding for affordable housing in "Build Back Better" legislation.. Description: Urges Congress to include funding for affordable housing in "Build Back Better" legislation.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates May of each year as "Arthritis Awareness Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates May of each year as "Arthritis Awareness Month" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates first full week of June each year as "New Jersey Fishing and Boating Week.". Description: Designates first full week of June each year as "New Jersey Fishing and Boating Week."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates May of each year as "Let's Move to a Healthier New Jersey Month.". Description: Designates May of each year as "Let's Move to a Healthier New Jersey Month."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates July 16 of each year as "Atomic Veterans Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates July 16 of each year as "Atomic Veterans Day" in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates October 15th of each year as "New Jersey Railroad Workers Day.". Description: Designates October 15th of each year as "New Jersey Railroad Workers Day."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates first week of May of each year as "Composting Awareness Week" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates first week of May of each year as "Composting Awareness Week" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates June 23 of each year as "International Widows' Day.". Description: Designates June 23 of each year as "International Widows' Day."
In 2023, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates third week of September of each year as "New Jersey Rail Safety Week.". Description: Designates third week of September of each year as "New Jersey Rail Safety Week."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates the month of August as "Civic Health Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates the month of August as "Civic Health Month" in New Jersey.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates January of each year as "Muslim Heritage Month" in NJ.. Description: Designates January of each year as "Muslim Heritage Month" in NJ.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates April 14 of each year as "Military Child Appreciation Day" in NJ.. Description: Designates April 14 of each year as "Military Child Appreciation Day" in NJ.
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates April of each year as "New Jersey Native Plants Month.". Description: Designates April of each year as "New Jersey Native Plants Month."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Honors accomplishments of State Troopers Fraternal Association.. Description: Honors accomplishments of State Troopers Fraternal Association.
In 2024, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designating fourth Wednesday in May of each year as "Crisis Professionals Day.". Description: Designating fourth Wednesday in May of each year as "Crisis Professionals Day."
In 2023, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates July 14 of each year "Fentanyl Poisoning Awareness Day.". Description: Designates July 14 of each year "Fentanyl Poisoning Awareness Day."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends and supplements FY20 appropriations act to effectuate extension of fiscal year through September 30, 2020; reduces authorized appropriations; makes FY20 supplemental appropriations of $7,745,997,000 in State funds and $4,586,243,000 in federal funds.. Description: Amends and supplements FY20 appropriations act to effectuate extension of fiscal year through September 30, 2020; reduces authorized appropriations; makes FY20 supplemental appropriations of $7,745,997,000 in State funds and $4,586,243,000 in federal funds.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "New Jersey Economic Recovery Act of 2020"; provides for administration of programs and policies related to jobs, property development, food deserts, community partnerships, small and early stage businesses, State procurement, wind energy, and film production, and makes an appropriation.. Description: "New Jersey Economic Recovery Act of 2020"; provides for administration of programs and policies related to jobs, property development, food deserts, community partnerships, small and early stage businesses, State procurement, wind energy, and film production, and makes an appropriation.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases gross income tax rate from 8.97 percent to 10.75 percent on income between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000, and provides up to $500 tax rebate to eligible taxpayers.. Description: Increases gross income tax rate from 8.97 percent to 10.75 percent on income between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000, and provides up to $500 tax rebate to eligible taxpayers.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "New Jersey College Affordability Act"; appropriates $10 million.. Description: "New Jersey College Affordability Act"; appropriates $10 million.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "New Jersey Debt Defeasance and Prevention Fund," appropriates $3.7 billion.. Description: Establishes "New Jersey Debt Defeasance and Prevention Fund," appropriates $3.7 billion.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "New Jersey Cannabis Regulatory, Enforcement Assistance, and Marketplace Modernization Act"; legalizes personal use cannabis for certain adults, subject to State regulation; decriminalizes small amount marijuana and hashish possession;  removes marijuana as Schedule I drug.. Description: "New Jersey Cannabis Regulatory, Enforcement Assistance, and Marketplace Modernization Act"; legalizes personal use cannabis for certain adults, subject to State regulation; decriminalizes small amount marijuana and hashish possession;  removes marijuana as Schedule I drug.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "New Jersey STEM Scholars Grant Pilot Program" in Department of Education.. Description: Establishes "New Jersey STEM Scholars Grant Pilot Program" in Department of Education.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Labor and Workforce Development to conduct study and issue report on impact of artificial intelligence on growth of State's economy.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Labor and Workforce Development to conduct study and issue report on impact of artificial intelligence on growth of State's economy.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Disparity in Treatment of Persons with Disabilities in Underrepresented Communities Commission in DCA.. Description: Establishes Disparity in Treatment of Persons with Disabilities in Underrepresented Communities Commission in DCA.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires telecommunications companies to provide prorated refunds for service outages of longer than 72 hours.. Description: Requires telecommunications companies to provide prorated refunds for service outages of longer than 72 hours.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies that persons may execute legal signatures through handwriting, electronic signing, or use of fingerprint, thumbprint, or other identifying mark.. Description: Clarifies that persons may execute legal signatures through handwriting, electronic signing, or use of fingerprint, thumbprint, or other identifying mark.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes county colleges to establish and operate student dormitories.. Description: Authorizes county colleges to establish and operate student dormitories.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides civil service preference to military service members who did not serve in theater of operation but received campaign or expedition medal.. Description: Provides civil service preference to military service members who did not serve in theater of operation but received campaign or expedition medal.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes General Fund supplemental appropriation of $50,000 to DMVA for air quality studies to support campaign for award of F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Jets at 177th Air National Guard base.. Description: Makes General Fund supplemental appropriation of $50,000 to DMVA for air quality studies to support campaign for award of F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Jets at 177th Air National Guard base.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows persons owing certain court-imposed financial obligations and ordered by court to serve term of probation or diversionary program to earn transformative credit against amount owed by participating in treatment programs, educational or vocational services, or service to community.. Description: Allows persons owing certain court-imposed financial obligations and ordered by court to serve term of probation or diversionary program to earn transformative credit against amount owed by participating in treatment programs, educational or vocational services, or service to community.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public members of Drug Utilization Review Board to disclose financial interests and benefits received from and investment interests held in pharmaceutical distributors, pharmaceutical manufacturers, or pharmacy benefits managers.. Description: Requires public members of Drug Utilization Review Board to disclose financial interests and benefits received from and investment interests held in pharmaceutical distributors, pharmaceutical manufacturers, or pharmacy benefits managers.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes requirements for sale and planting of running bamboo; requires recordkeeping of certain violations and consideration thereof as grounds for license or registration review.. Description: Establishes requirements for sale and planting of running bamboo; requires recordkeeping of certain violations and consideration thereof as grounds for license or registration review.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows alcoholic beverages to be consumed outdoors in Atlantic City Tourism District.. Description: Allows alcoholic beverages to be consumed outdoors in Atlantic City Tourism District.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Immunizes from civil liability first responders who forcibly enter property to provide emergency assistance.. Description: Immunizes from civil liability first responders who forcibly enter property to provide emergency assistance.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires annual inspection of certain veterinary facilities.. Description: Requires annual inspection of certain veterinary facilities.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates certain protections for insurers and insurance producers engaging in business of insurance in connection with cannabis-related businesses.. Description: Creates certain protections for insurers and insurance producers engaging in business of insurance in connection with cannabis-related businesses.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits awarding of economic development subsidy to business if payment of principal and interest on previously awarded loan or loan guarantee is greater than 24 months overdue.. Description: Prohibits awarding of economic development subsidy to business if payment of principal and interest on previously awarded loan or loan guarantee is greater than 24 months overdue.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for reciprocity of certain out-of-State EMT certification.. Description: Provides for reciprocity of certain out-of-State EMT certification.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises psychologist training requirements.. Description: Revises psychologist training requirements.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises permit and license processes for sports pools operators and online sports pool operators; revises definitions of certain sports events; allows for transactional waiver for sports wagering lounge.. Description: Revises permit and license processes for sports pools operators and online sports pool operators; revises definitions of certain sports events; allows for transactional waiver for sports wagering lounge.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Exempts certain veterans from driver's license fee, motorcycle license fee, and digitized picture fee.. Description: Exempts certain veterans from driver's license fee, motorcycle license fee, and digitized picture fee.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands scope of law prohibiting age discrimination.. Description: Expands scope of law prohibiting age discrimination.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires incarcerated individual from State to be counted at residential address for municipal, county, and congressional redistricting purposes and for apportionment of regional school district board of education members.. Description: Requires incarcerated individual from State to be counted at residential address for municipal, county, and congressional redistricting purposes and for apportionment of regional school district board of education members.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides State information technology contracts will require use of software to document computer use by contractor.. Description: Provides State information technology contracts will require use of software to document computer use by contractor.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits union officials who represent probation officers to participate in all union activities.. Description: Permits union officials who represent probation officers to participate in all union activities.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for jurisdiction for prosecution for certain crimes against minors committed outside New Jersey.. Description: Provides for jurisdiction for prosecution for certain crimes against minors committed outside New Jersey.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits disqualification of certain minority-owned and women-owned businesses for certification.. Description: Prohibits disqualification of certain minority-owned and women-owned businesses for certification.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Includes crime of creating false public alarms as form of bias intimidation.. Description: Includes crime of creating false public alarms as form of bias intimidation.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State agencies in awarding contracts for purchase of items that require power source to consider items powered by fuel cells.. Description: Requires State agencies in awarding contracts for purchase of items that require power source to consider items powered by fuel cells.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes NJ Fuel Cell Task Force to increase use of fuel cells in State.. Description: Establishes NJ Fuel Cell Task Force to increase use of fuel cells in State.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires law enforcement agencies to provide internal affairs and personnel files of law enforcement officers to other agencies under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires law enforcement agencies to provide internal affairs and personnel files of law enforcement officers to other agencies under certain circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Criminalizes fraudulently pretending to be transportation network company driver.. Description: Criminalizes fraudulently pretending to be transportation network company driver.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires certain ambulances to carry epinephrine.. Description: Requires certain ambulances to carry epinephrine.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes local drug overdose fatality review teams.. Description: Establishes local drug overdose fatality review teams.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Require business seeking to perform State contract to disclose certain labor and employment law violations.. Description: Require business seeking to perform State contract to disclose certain labor and employment law violations.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain retailers to train employees on gift card fraud.. Description: Requires certain retailers to train employees on gift card fraud.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Exempts discharge of student loan debt of certain veterans through the federal Total and Permanent Disability discharge process from taxation under the gross income tax.. Description: Exempts discharge of student loan debt of certain veterans through the federal Total and Permanent Disability discharge process from taxation under the gross income tax.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires notice to be provided by municipal court to applicant for public defender of fee and process to waive fee for inability to pay.. Description: Requires notice to be provided by municipal court to applicant for public defender of fee and process to waive fee for inability to pay.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands eligibility under New Jersey earned income tax credit program to allow taxpayers who are at least 21 years of age to qualify.. Description: Expands eligibility under New Jersey earned income tax credit program to allow taxpayers who are at least 21 years of age to qualify.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires each county to establish inmate reentry services committee.. Description: Requires each county to establish inmate reentry services committee.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Broadband Access Study Commission.". Description: Establishes "Broadband Access Study Commission."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits municipal licensure of children operating temporary businesses.. Description: Prohibits municipal licensure of children operating temporary businesses.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires installation of diaper changing station in certain public restrooms; appropriates $500,000.. Description: Requires installation of diaper changing station in certain public restrooms; appropriates $500,000.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Task Force on Supportive Technology for Individuals with Developmental Disabilities.". Description: Establishes "Task Force on Supportive Technology for Individuals with Developmental Disabilities."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits municipalities to refund excess property taxes paid by taxpayer who wins assessment appeal as property tax credit.. Description: Permits municipalities to refund excess property taxes paid by taxpayer who wins assessment appeal as property tax credit.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires AG to report bias intimidation offenses to Federal Bureau of Investigation for inclusion in annual report on hate crime statistics.. Description: Requires AG to report bias intimidation offenses to Federal Bureau of Investigation for inclusion in annual report on hate crime statistics.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs Secretary of Higher Education to study prevalence, cost, and quality of certain on-line courses compared to traditional classroom courses offered by institutions of higher education.. Description: Directs Secretary of Higher Education to study prevalence, cost, and quality of certain on-line courses compared to traditional classroom courses offered by institutions of higher education.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs the development and posting of notices containing information for victims of human trafficking.. Description: Directs the development and posting of notices containing information for victims of human trafficking.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires architects disclose insurance coverage.. Description: Requires architects disclose insurance coverage.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Mental Health Screening in Schools Grant Program in DOE; appropriates $1 million.. Description: Establishes Mental Health Screening in Schools Grant Program in DOE; appropriates $1 million.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: The "New Jersey Social Innovation Act"; establishes social innovation loan pilot program and study commission within EDA.. Description: The "New Jersey Social Innovation Act"; establishes social innovation loan pilot program and study commission within EDA.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DHS to develop outreach plan to inform certain students about Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.. Description: Requires DHS to develop outreach plan to inform certain students about Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires that if school district satisfies in certain evaluations 80% or more of required NJ Quality Single Accountability Continuum standards in an area of district effectiveness under State intervention, State must return area to local control.. Description: Requires that if school district satisfies in certain evaluations 80% or more of required NJ Quality Single Accountability Continuum standards in an area of district effectiveness under State intervention, State must return area to local control.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "New Jersey Residential Foreclosure Transformation Act.". Description: Establishes the "New Jersey Residential Foreclosure Transformation Act."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes five-year community schools pilot program.. Description: Establishes five-year community schools pilot program.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires discrimination prevention training for certain providers of services to senior citizens.. Description: Requires discrimination prevention training for certain providers of services to senior citizens.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Enhances homeowner notification of foreclosure mediation program requirements.. Description: Enhances homeowner notification of foreclosure mediation program requirements.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Secretary of Higher Education to develop guidance for institutions of higher education to identify cultural barriers in recruitment and retention of underrepresented students for science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) programs.. Description: Requires Secretary of Higher Education to develop guidance for institutions of higher education to identify cultural barriers in recruitment and retention of underrepresented students for science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) programs.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires AG to collect, record, analyze, and report certain prosecutorial and criminal justice data.. Description: Requires AG to collect, record, analyze, and report certain prosecutorial and criminal justice data.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires domestic violence orders to be issued in other languages in addition to English under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires domestic violence orders to be issued in other languages in addition to English under certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Division of Travel and Tourism to advertise and promote tours of breweries in the State.. Description: Requires Division of Travel and Tourism to advertise and promote tours of breweries in the State.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Hunger-Free Students' Bill of Rights Act"; requires certain school meal information be provided to students' parents; establishes protocols for identifying eligible students for meal programs; prohibits stigmatizing student with bill in arrears.. Description: "Hunger-Free Students' Bill of Rights Act"; requires certain school meal information be provided to students' parents; establishes protocols for identifying eligible students for meal programs; prohibits stigmatizing student with bill in arrears.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for uniform regulation of small wireless facility deployment in this State.. Description: Provides for uniform regulation of small wireless facility deployment in this State.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Upgrades certain crimes of misrepresenting oneself as member or veteran of US Armed Forces or organized militia.. Description: Upgrades certain crimes of misrepresenting oneself as member or veteran of US Armed Forces or organized militia.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Reinstates prior property tax exemption for nonprofit hospitals with on-site for-profit medical providers; requires some of these hospitals to pay community service contributions; establishes Nonprofit Hospital Community Service Contribution Study Commission; prohibits certain third-party property tax appeals.. Description: Reinstates prior property tax exemption for nonprofit hospitals with on-site for-profit medical providers; requires some of these hospitals to pay community service contributions; establishes Nonprofit Hospital Community Service Contribution Study Commission; prohibits certain third-party property tax appeals.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Electronic Permit Processing Review System.". Description: Establishes "Electronic Permit Processing Review System."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Labor and Workforce Development to create Statewide database of certified payroll information for public works projects.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Labor and Workforce Development to create Statewide database of certified payroll information for public works projects.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows county and municipal police departments to establish designated safe areas for Internet purchase transactions; establishes public awareness campaign.. Description: Allows county and municipal police departments to establish designated safe areas for Internet purchase transactions; establishes public awareness campaign.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOH to license certain qualifying hospitals to provide full service adult diagnostic cardiac catheterization, primary angioplasty, and elective angioplasty services.. Description: Requires DOH to license certain qualifying hospitals to provide full service adult diagnostic cardiac catheterization, primary angioplasty, and elective angioplasty services.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits corporations to use blockchain technology for certain recordkeeping requirements.. Description: Permits corporations to use blockchain technology for certain recordkeeping requirements.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Innovation Partnership"; provides funding for certain nonprofit partnerships to promote certain emerging technology businesses.. Description: Establishes "Innovation Partnership"; provides funding for certain nonprofit partnerships to promote certain emerging technology businesses.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for temporary travel license to practice chiropractic.. Description: Provides for temporary travel license to practice chiropractic.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires owner notification of rabies testing protocol prior to testing of owner's animal for rabies.. Description: Requires owner notification of rabies testing protocol prior to testing of owner's animal for rabies.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires rail passenger service to provide purchasers with proof of payment at time of purchase.. Description: Requires rail passenger service to provide purchasers with proof of payment at time of purchase.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires electric public utilities to provide priority power restoration to certain medical facilities, assisted living facilities, and nursing homes.. Description: Requires electric public utilities to provide priority power restoration to certain medical facilities, assisted living facilities, and nursing homes.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DCA to make information on homeless prevention programs and services available on its Internet website.. Description: Requires DCA to make information on homeless prevention programs and services available on its Internet website.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits act, practice or arrangement constituting stranger-originated life insurance.. Description: Prohibits act, practice or arrangement constituting stranger-originated life insurance.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes geriatric parole for certain eligible inmates.. Description: Establishes geriatric parole for certain eligible inmates.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns licensure of persons rendering barbering services in another state or foreign country.. Description: Concerns licensure of persons rendering barbering services in another state or foreign country.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes procedures for awarding of design-build contracts.. Description: Establishes procedures for awarding of design-build contracts.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes advisory council for the brewery, cidery, meadery, and distillery industries in NJ and provides for funding through certain alcoholic beverage tax receipts.. Description: Establishes advisory council for the brewery, cidery, meadery, and distillery industries in NJ and provides for funding through certain alcoholic beverage tax receipts.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State department, agency, authority, or instrumentality thereof to provide link on its website for members of public to submit complaints.. Description: Requires State department, agency, authority, or instrumentality thereof to provide link on its website for members of public to submit complaints.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns motor vehicle subscription services.. Description: Concerns motor vehicle subscription services.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates portion of State Highway Route 27 in Princeton as "Patrolman Billie D. Ellis Memorial Highway.". Description: Designates portion of State Highway Route 27 in Princeton as "Patrolman Billie D. Ellis Memorial Highway."
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires suicide prevention training for mental health practitioners.. Description: Requires suicide prevention training for mental health practitioners.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits the sale of certain children's products containing lead, mercury, or cadmium.. Description: Prohibits the sale of certain children's products containing lead, mercury, or cadmium.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Regulates pay-off of trade-in vehicles and certain vehicle title releases.. Description: Regulates pay-off of trade-in vehicles and certain vehicle title releases.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires publication of certain information related to toll discounts on E-ZPass website.. Description: Requires publication of certain information related to toll discounts on E-ZPass website.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "New Jersey Works Act"; Permits businesses to create pre-employment training programs in partnership with nonprofit organizations or educational institutions; provides tax credit to businesses that provide financial assistance to pre-employment training programs.. Description: "New Jersey Works Act"; Permits businesses to create pre-employment training programs in partnership with nonprofit organizations or educational institutions; provides tax credit to businesses that provide financial assistance to pre-employment training programs.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns sign fabrication and prevailing wage requirements.. Description: Concerns sign fabrication and prevailing wage requirements.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends economic recovery term under "Municipal Rehabilitation and Economic Recovery Act", bars appeal of certain property assessments by Garden State Growth Zone Development Entity.. Description: Extends economic recovery term under "Municipal Rehabilitation and Economic Recovery Act", bars appeal of certain property assessments by Garden State Growth Zone Development Entity.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Statewide database of beds in shelters for the homeless.. Description: Establishes Statewide database of beds in shelters for the homeless.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public school students with concussion to be evaluated by licensed health care professionals before return to school; requires school districts to provide restrictions or limitations to student as needed.. Description: Requires public school students with concussion to be evaluated by licensed health care professionals before return to school; requires school districts to provide restrictions or limitations to student as needed.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs DOE to develop outreach program to encourage young women and minorities to pursue post-secondary degrees and careers in STEM.. Description: Directs DOE to develop outreach program to encourage young women and minorities to pursue post-secondary degrees and careers in STEM.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires school districts to take certain actions in circumstances when school meal bill is in arrears; prohibits shaming students with school meal bills in arrears; prohibits certain district actions in collecting unpaid school meal fees.. Description: Requires school districts to take certain actions in circumstances when school meal bill is in arrears; prohibits shaming students with school meal bills in arrears; prohibits certain district actions in collecting unpaid school meal fees.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires school district to establish "School Meal Fund" to assist students with school meal bill in arrears.. Description: Requires school district to establish "School Meal Fund" to assist students with school meal bill in arrears.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Daniel's Law" prohibits disclosure of certain personal information of active, formely active, and retired judicial officers, prosecutors, and law enforcement officers, and their family members; establishes crime and civil action for disclosing such information.. Description: "Daniel's Law" prohibits disclosure of certain personal information of active, formely active, and retired judicial officers, prosecutors, and law enforcement officers, and their family members; establishes crime and civil action for disclosing such information.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Encourages development of zero-emission vehicle fueling and charging infrastructure in redevelopment projects.. Description: Encourages development of zero-emission vehicle fueling and charging infrastructure in redevelopment projects.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "New Jersey Nonprofit Security Grant Program.". Description: Establishes "New Jersey Nonprofit Security Grant Program."
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires electronic voting system vendors disclose financial ties prior to electronic voting system approval by Secretary of State.. Description: Requires electronic voting system vendors disclose financial ties prior to electronic voting system approval by Secretary of State.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires signs to be posted and pamphlets to be distributed in emergency rooms regarding VCCO.. Description: Requires signs to be posted and pamphlets to be distributed in emergency rooms regarding VCCO.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows gross income tax deduction for amounts paid for removal of lead, asbestos, sodium, chloride, and other contaminants from taxpayer's property.. Description: Allows gross income tax deduction for amounts paid for removal of lead, asbestos, sodium, chloride, and other contaminants from taxpayer's property.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for certain criminal and civil justice reforms, particularly addressing legal consequences associated with certain marijuana and hashish offenses as well as raising awareness of available expungement relief.. Description: Provides for certain criminal and civil justice reforms, particularly addressing legal consequences associated with certain marijuana and hashish offenses as well as raising awareness of available expungement relief.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Includes false incrimination and filing false police report as form of bias intimidation; establishes crime of false 9-1-1 call with purpose to intimidate or harass based on race or other protected class.. Description: Includes false incrimination and filing false police report as form of bias intimidation; establishes crime of false 9-1-1 call with purpose to intimidate or harass based on race or other protected class.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs BPU to develop and implement electric school bus pilot program.. Description: Directs BPU to develop and implement electric school bus pilot program.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Renewable and Efficient Energy Financing Program; authorizes BPU to transfer up to $20 million annually in societal benefits charge revenues to New Jersey Infrastructure Bank for purposes of program.. Description: Establishes Renewable and Efficient Energy Financing Program; authorizes BPU to transfer up to $20 million annually in societal benefits charge revenues to New Jersey Infrastructure Bank for purposes of program.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires registration of international student exchange visitor placement organizations with Commissioner of Education.. Description: Requires registration of international student exchange visitor placement organizations with Commissioner of Education.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State Treasurer to submit report to Legislature every six months identifying deadlines for applications for federal funds by State agencies.. Description: Requires State Treasurer to submit report to Legislature every six months identifying deadlines for applications for federal funds by State agencies.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes State to oversee application for and receipt of federal funds Ombudsman by State agencies.. Description: Establishes State to oversee application for and receipt of federal funds Ombudsman by State agencies.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates New Jersey Global War on Terrorism Medal.. Description: Creates New Jersey Global War on Terrorism Medal.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits counties and municipalities to bond for passenger cars and station wagons solely fueled by electric or renewable power sources.. Description: Permits counties and municipalities to bond for passenger cars and station wagons solely fueled by electric or renewable power sources.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises provisions of State law concerning claiming and proper disposal of cremains of veterans and eligible spouses or dependents.. Description: Revises provisions of State law concerning claiming and proper disposal of cremains of veterans and eligible spouses or dependents.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires provider of electronic communication service to preserve information reported to law enforcement related to endangerment of children for 180 days.. Description: Requires provider of electronic communication service to preserve information reported to law enforcement related to endangerment of children for 180 days.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires certain additional school district personnel to complete training program on suicide prevention.. Description: Requires certain additional school district personnel to complete training program on suicide prevention.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Criminalizes certain payments for referral of patients to substance use disorder treatment facilities.. Description: Criminalizes certain payments for referral of patients to substance use disorder treatment facilities.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Human Services to streamline SNAP application process for senior citizens and conduct outreach regarding senior SNAP participation.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Human Services to streamline SNAP application process for senior citizens and conduct outreach regarding senior SNAP participation.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes standard medical expense deduction under SNAP for certain senior citizens.. Description: Establishes standard medical expense deduction under SNAP for certain senior citizens.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires institutions of higher education to provide graduating students with information on income-contingent student loan repayment programs.. Description: Requires institutions of higher education to provide graduating students with information on income-contingent student loan repayment programs.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires institutions of higher education to implement suicide prevention programs and raise awareness of mental health services.. Description: Requires institutions of higher education to implement suicide prevention programs and raise awareness of mental health services.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes study commission to examine development of mutually beneficial relationships between institutions of higher education and municipalities.. Description: Establishes study commission to examine development of mutually beneficial relationships between institutions of higher education and municipalities.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires NJT to provide notice and public hearing for alternate provisions of service related to substantial curtailment of service.. Description: Requires NJT to provide notice and public hearing for alternate provisions of service related to substantial curtailment of service.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits commercial mobile service providers from disclosing customer's geolocation data to third parties.. Description: Prohibits commercial mobile service providers from disclosing customer's geolocation data to third parties.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows State residents who are outside of New Jersey to place wagers on horse races using account wagering system.. Description: Allows State residents who are outside of New Jersey to place wagers on horse races using account wagering system.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires electric public utility to charge residential rate for service used by residential customer for electric vehicle charging at charging stations within certain designated parking spaces.. Description: Requires electric public utility to charge residential rate for service used by residential customer for electric vehicle charging at charging stations within certain designated parking spaces.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes compassionate release program for certain inmates; repeals law that establishes medical parole.. Description: Establishes compassionate release program for certain inmates; repeals law that establishes medical parole.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires large food waste generators to separate and recycle food waste and amends definition of "Class I renewable energy.". Description: Requires large food waste generators to separate and recycle food waste and amends definition of "Class I renewable energy."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs EDA to establish program for public or private financing of certain renewable energy, water, and storm resiliency projects through use by municipalities of voluntary special assessments for certain property owners.. Description: Directs EDA to establish program for public or private financing of certain renewable energy, water, and storm resiliency projects through use by municipalities of voluntary special assessments for certain property owners.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires law enforcement agencies in this State to establish minority recruitment and selection programs; establishes reporting requirement.. Description: Requires law enforcement agencies in this State to establish minority recruitment and selection programs; establishes reporting requirement.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "The Reliability, Preparedness, and Storm Response Act; requires public utilities to file certain information concerning emergency preparedness with BPU and increases certain penalties.. Description: "The Reliability, Preparedness, and Storm Response Act; requires public utilities to file certain information concerning emergency preparedness with BPU and increases certain penalties.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Transportation Services Coordination Task Force.". Description: Establishes "Transportation Services Coordination Task Force."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits condominium associations from assessing insurance deductibles to individual unit owners or groups of unit owners.. Description: Prohibits condominium associations from assessing insurance deductibles to individual unit owners or groups of unit owners.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes pilot program in DOE to support FIRST Robotics Programs in school districts.. Description: Establishes pilot program in DOE to support FIRST Robotics Programs in school districts.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides that users of Access Link paratransit service are automatically eligible for and enrolled in motor bus and rail passenger discounted fare program.. Description: Provides that users of Access Link paratransit service are automatically eligible for and enrolled in motor bus and rail passenger discounted fare program.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes notification standards for certain service contracts with automatic renewal.. Description: Establishes notification standards for certain service contracts with automatic renewal.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases allowance paid to war veterans with certain service-connected disabilities.. Description: Increases allowance paid to war veterans with certain service-connected disabilities.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires employers to provide hiring preference to employees who have reached maximum medical improvement following work-related injury.. Description: Requires employers to provide hiring preference to employees who have reached maximum medical improvement following work-related injury.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires motor vehicle dealers provide loan application to consumers.. Description: Requires motor vehicle dealers provide loan application to consumers.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes issuance of Rowan University alumni license plates.. Description: Authorizes issuance of Rowan University alumni license plates.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerning certain motor vehicle ancillary production products and service contracts.. Description: Concerning certain motor vehicle ancillary production products and service contracts.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns information on property condition disclosure statement.. Description: Concerns information on property condition disclosure statement.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for immediate issuance of marriage and civil union licenses; provides for 72 hour waiting period prior to ceremony.. Description: Provides for immediate issuance of marriage and civil union licenses; provides for 72 hour waiting period prior to ceremony.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases fines for failing to report suspected abuse or exploitation of institutionalized elderly person.. Description: Increases fines for failing to report suspected abuse or exploitation of institutionalized elderly person.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes designation on official State logo denoting manufacture of products in New Jersey.. Description: Changes designation on official State logo denoting manufacture of products in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain Medicaid recipients residing on post-secondary school campus to participate remotely in meetings of non-medical nature regarding Medicaid benefits.. Description: Authorizes certain Medicaid recipients residing on post-secondary school campus to participate remotely in meetings of non-medical nature regarding Medicaid benefits.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows certain preserved farms in certain counties to hold 14 special occasion events per year during three -year pilot program; imposes further event restrictions on residentially-exposed preserved farms.. Description: Allows certain preserved farms in certain counties to hold 14 special occasion events per year during three -year pilot program; imposes further event restrictions on residentially-exposed preserved farms.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs DEP to develop guidelines concerning State and local government purchase of goods made from recycled material.. Description: Directs DEP to develop guidelines concerning State and local government purchase of goods made from recycled material.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns municipal property registration ordinances to address risk of blight.. Description: Concerns municipal property registration ordinances to address risk of blight.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Digital Asset and Blockchain Technology Act.". Description: "Digital Asset and Blockchain Technology Act."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes task force to examine issues and make recommendations concerning youth sports, including abusive coaching, confrontational parents, and bullying of players.. Description: Establishes task force to examine issues and make recommendations concerning youth sports, including abusive coaching, confrontational parents, and bullying of players.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires all creditors that acquire title to non-owner occupied residential property following foreclosure to notify municipality and common interest community.. Description: Requires all creditors that acquire title to non-owner occupied residential property following foreclosure to notify municipality and common interest community.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires institutions of higher education to provide students with access to mental health care programs and services and to establish a hotline to provide information concerning the availability of those services.. Description: Requires institutions of higher education to provide students with access to mental health care programs and services and to establish a hotline to provide information concerning the availability of those services.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Commits $3 million from Supplemental Workforce Fund for Basic Skill to NJ Community College Consortium for Workforce and Economic Development.. Description: Commits $3 million from Supplemental Workforce Fund for Basic Skill to NJ Community College Consortium for Workforce and Economic Development.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes three year Financial Empowerment Pilot Program.. Description: Establishes three year Financial Empowerment Pilot Program.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides county clerks with additional week to mail ballots for 2020 primary election; requires ballot position draw to occur one day early if statutory date falls on holiday.. Description: Provides county clerks with additional week to mail ballots for 2020 primary election; requires ballot position draw to occur one day early if statutory date falls on holiday.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows veteran or personal representative to withdraw honorable discharge papers from county clerk.. Description: Allows veteran or personal representative to withdraw honorable discharge papers from county clerk.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises certain licensure requirements to operate water supply and wastewater treatment systems.. Description: Revises certain licensure requirements to operate water supply and wastewater treatment systems.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies that application to collocate wireless communications equipment be reviewed by administrative officer.. Description: Clarifies that application to collocate wireless communications equipment be reviewed by administrative officer.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits discrimination against living organ donors in relation to life, health, and long-term care insurance.. Description: Prohibits discrimination against living organ donors in relation to life, health, and long-term care insurance.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes Howell House in Cape May as Harriet Tubman Museum in New Jersey.. Description: Recognizes Howell House in Cape May as Harriet Tubman Museum in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Medicaid managed care organizations to notify certain beneficiaries of maximum coverage for personal care service hours.. Description: Requires Medicaid managed care organizations to notify certain beneficiaries of maximum coverage for personal care service hours.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires all newly constructed warehouses to be solar-ready buildings.. Description: Requires all newly constructed warehouses to be solar-ready buildings.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns installation of electric vehicle charging stations in common interest communities.. Description: Concerns installation of electric vehicle charging stations in common interest communities.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes various revisions to "Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act"; renames act to "Uniform Voidable Transactions Act.". Description: Makes various revisions to "Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act"; renames act to "Uniform Voidable Transactions Act."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires student representative be appointed to each board of education of school district and board of trustees of charter school that includes grades nine through 12.. Description: Requires student representative be appointed to each board of education of school district and board of trustees of charter school that includes grades nine through 12.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Criminalizes failure to return erroneous person-to-person electronic payments following proper notification.. Description: Criminalizes failure to return erroneous person-to-person electronic payments following proper notification.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates certain requirements for certain earned income access services and related provider contracts.. Description: Creates certain requirements for certain earned income access services and related provider contracts.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires NJT to publish on website certain information concerning accessible transportation service routes.. Description: Requires NJT to publish on website certain information concerning accessible transportation service routes.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Modernizes business filing statutes to include entity conversion and domestication.. Description: Modernizes business filing statutes to include entity conversion and domestication.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires health benefits coverage for adolescent depression screenings.. Description: Requires health benefits coverage for adolescent depression screenings.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $250,000 from General Fund to NJ Agricultural Experiment Station for tick research and control.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $250,000 from General Fund to NJ Agricultural Experiment Station for tick research and control.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires landlords to provide tenants with certain notice concerning conditions that may cause damage or hazards on rental property.. Description: Requires landlords to provide tenants with certain notice concerning conditions that may cause damage or hazards on rental property.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits insurers, SHBP, and SEHBP from charging fee for paper bills and notices.. Description: Prohibits insurers, SHBP, and SEHBP from charging fee for paper bills and notices.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows commercial farmer to be awarded reasonable costs and attorney fees for defending against bad faith complaints under "Right to Farm Act".. Description: Allows commercial farmer to be awarded reasonable costs and attorney fees for defending against bad faith complaints under "Right to Farm Act".
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes requirements concerning the provision of postpartum care information and the development of individualized postpartum care plans.. Description: Establishes requirements concerning the provision of postpartum care information and the development of individualized postpartum care plans.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DLPS to incorporate implicit bias in cultural diversity training materials for law enforcement officers; makes mandatory cultural diversity and implicit bias training for law enforcement officers.. Description: Requires DLPS to incorporate implicit bias in cultural diversity training materials for law enforcement officers; makes mandatory cultural diversity and implicit bias training for law enforcement officers.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires separate entrance for certain child care services located in public school facilities and clarifies licensure requirements and DCF enforcement authority for services.. Description: Requires separate entrance for certain child care services located in public school facilities and clarifies licensure requirements and DCF enforcement authority for services.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires firearm owners who become New Jersey residents to obtain firearm purchaser identification card and register firearms acquired out-of-State.. Description: Requires firearm owners who become New Jersey residents to obtain firearm purchaser identification card and register firearms acquired out-of-State.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain family or household members and victims be notified when firearms are returned to persons charged with domestic violence or subject to extreme risk protection order.. Description: Requires certain family or household members and victims be notified when firearms are returned to persons charged with domestic violence or subject to extreme risk protection order.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates 9-1-1 operators or dispatchers as 9-1-1 first responder dispatchers.. Description: Designates 9-1-1 operators or dispatchers as 9-1-1 first responder dispatchers.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Enhances protections against fraudulent deed recordings.. Description: Enhances protections against fraudulent deed recordings.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes it aggravated sexual assault or sexual contact for transportation network company or taxicab driver to commit act of sexual penetration or sexual contact using coercion or without permission on passenger.. Description: Makes it aggravated sexual assault or sexual contact for transportation network company or taxicab driver to commit act of sexual penetration or sexual contact using coercion or without permission on passenger.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes creation of "New Jersey Council on Access and Mobility.". Description: Authorizes creation of "New Jersey Council on Access and Mobility."
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of up to $20 million from General Fund to DOE to support school facility cleaning and sanitization.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of up to $20 million from General Fund to DOE to support school facility cleaning and sanitization.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires school districts to provide school meals or meal vouchers to students eligible for free and reduced price school meals during school closures due to COVID-19 epidemic.. Description: Requires school districts to provide school meals or meal vouchers to students eligible for free and reduced price school meals during school closures due to COVID-19 epidemic.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires health insurance and Medicaid coverage for testing of coronavirus disease 2019 and for telemedicine and telehealth during coronavirus disease 2019 state of emergency.. Description: Requires health insurance and Medicaid coverage for testing of coronavirus disease 2019 and for telemedicine and telehealth during coronavirus disease 2019 state of emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes EDA to make grants during periods of emergency declared by Governor and for duration of economic disruptions due to emergency; allows EDA to grant certain business documentation submission deadline extensions.. Description: Authorizes EDA to make grants during periods of emergency declared by Governor and for duration of economic disruptions due to emergency; allows EDA to grant certain business documentation submission deadline extensions.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides paid leave without utilizing accumulated leave time for local government employees under certain circumstances.. Description: Provides paid leave without utilizing accumulated leave time for local government employees under certain circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns time off from work in connection with infectious disease.. Description: Concerns time off from work in connection with infectious disease.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies deadline by which public agency is required to respond to request for government record during period of emergency.. Description: Modifies deadline by which public agency is required to respond to request for government record during period of emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows public bodies to conduct meetings, and provide notice, by electronic means during periods of emergency.. Description: Allows public bodies to conduct meetings, and provide notice, by electronic means during periods of emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits extension of deadlines for adoption of county and municipal budgets under certain circumstances.. Description: Permits extension of deadlines for adoption of county and municipal budgets under certain circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows conduct of State business and legislative sessions at locations other than Trenton during periods of emergency or other exigency; allows conduct of legislative business using electronic means.. Description: Allows conduct of State business and legislative sessions at locations other than Trenton during periods of emergency or other exigency; allows conduct of legislative business using electronic means.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes all licensed health care facilities and laboratories to collect specimens to test for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19); allows waiver of staffing ratio requirements.. Description: Authorizes all licensed health care facilities and laboratories to collect specimens to test for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19); allows waiver of staffing ratio requirements.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires food access information be displayed on websites of 2-1-1 system and executive branch departments during public health emergencies to the extent practicable.. Description: Requires food access information be displayed on websites of 2-1-1 system and executive branch departments during public health emergencies to the extent practicable.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns prohibition of residential tenant eviction and eviction due to residential foreclosure during certain emergency circumstances.. Description: Concerns prohibition of residential tenant eviction and eviction due to residential foreclosure during certain emergency circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes certain requirements to use telemedicine and telehealth to respond to coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).. Description: Establishes certain requirements to use telemedicine and telehealth to respond to coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits corporations to hold shareholders' meetings in part or solely by means of remote communication during state of emergency.. Description: Permits corporations to hold shareholders' meetings in part or solely by means of remote communication during state of emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits professional and occupational licensing boards to expedite licensure of certain individuals during state of emergency or public health emergency.. Description: Permits professional and occupational licensing boards to expedite licensure of certain individuals during state of emergency or public health emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Extends petition filing deadline by two weeks for all candidates, and waives signature requirements for candidates for party office, for 2020 primary election.. Description: Extends petition filing deadline by two weeks for all candidates, and waives signature requirements for candidates for party office, for 2020 primary election.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Limits return of items purchased from retail food stores under certain circumstances.. Description: Limits return of items purchased from retail food stores under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Defense Against Porch Pirates Act"; amends theft statute.. Description: "Defense Against Porch Pirates Act"; amends theft statute.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires person taking written examination for permit to watch video of rights and responsibilities of driver stopped by law enforcement.. Description: Requires person taking written examination for permit to watch video of rights and responsibilities of driver stopped by law enforcement.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits gender-based price discrimination.. Description: Prohibits gender-based price discrimination.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits VCCO from denying award of compensation to victims with certain outstanding warrants and charges.. Description: Prohibits VCCO from denying award of compensation to victims with certain outstanding warrants and charges.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases fee for NJ Waterfowl Stamps.. Description: Increases fee for NJ Waterfowl Stamps.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits professional and occupational licensing boards to reactivate licensure of certain individuals during state of emergency or public health emergency.. Description: Permits professional and occupational licensing boards to reactivate licensure of certain individuals during state of emergency or public health emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits extension of certain deadlines applicable to local government units under emergency circumstances.. Description: Permits extension of certain deadlines applicable to local government units under emergency circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows remote notarial acts during Public Health Emergency and State of Emergency declared by Governor in Executive Order 103 of 2020.. Description: Allows remote notarial acts during Public Health Emergency and State of Emergency declared by Governor in Executive Order 103 of 2020.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits use of virtual or remote instruction to meet minimum 180-day school year requirement under certain circumstances.. Description: Permits use of virtual or remote instruction to meet minimum 180-day school year requirement under certain circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for employment, retention, and benefits during public health hazard posed by coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) of certain public employees.. Description: Provides for employment, retention, and benefits during public health hazard posed by coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) of certain public employees.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends certain permits, approvals, and deadlines during COVID-19 emergency.. Description: Extends certain permits, approvals, and deadlines during COVID-19 emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires hospital to permit individual to accompany woman during childbirth.. Description: Requires hospital to permit individual to accompany woman during childbirth.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends eligibility for accidental disability and accidental death benefits to certain PFRS, SPRS and PERS members who contract COVID-19 and test positive for SARS-CoV-2.. Description: Extends eligibility for accidental disability and accidental death benefits to certain PFRS, SPRS and PERS members who contract COVID-19 and test positive for SARS-CoV-2.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits employer use of tracking device in vehicle operated by employee under certain circumstances.. Description: Prohibits employer use of tracking device in vehicle operated by employee under certain circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides enhanced penalty for distribution of counterfeit drugs and medical devices during declared states of emergency.. Description: Provides enhanced penalty for distribution of counterfeit drugs and medical devices during declared states of emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits remote application for marriage and civil union license for patients with certain life-threatening symptoms during period of Executive Order 103 of 2020; eliminates waiting period.. Description: Permits remote application for marriage and civil union license for patients with certain life-threatening symptoms during period of Executive Order 103 of 2020; eliminates waiting period.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns delivery and sale of alcoholic beverages during declared state of emergency; requires ABC director to notify licensees of certain tax exemptions during emergency.. Description: Concerns delivery and sale of alcoholic beverages during declared state of emergency; requires ABC director to notify licensees of certain tax exemptions during emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows extension of certain local government timeframes; allows local governments to accept certain payments; allows local governments to conduct certain meetings remotely; adjusts certain property tax distribution and notice requirements.. Description: Allows extension of certain local government timeframes; allows local governments to accept certain payments; allows local governments to conduct certain meetings remotely; adjusts certain property tax distribution and notice requirements.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes the issuance of "coronavirus relief bonds" by municipalities and counties.. Description: Authorizes the issuance of "coronavirus relief bonds" by municipalities and counties.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits modification of scope of work or terms and conditions of contract between non-profit organizations and State agencies for failure to perform due to COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Permits modification of scope of work or terms and conditions of contract between non-profit organizations and State agencies for failure to perform due to COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows deduction of promotional gaming credit from gross revenue on sports wagering.. Description: Allows deduction of promotional gaming credit from gross revenue on sports wagering.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Pandemic Task Force on Racial and Health Disparities.. Description: Establishes Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Pandemic Task Force on Racial and Health Disparities.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides secondary classroom experience credit towards meeting requirements of classroom training portion of registered apprenticeship.. Description: Provides secondary classroom experience credit towards meeting requirements of classroom training portion of registered apprenticeship.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires electronic signature and submission process for all candidate, recall, initiative, and referendum petitions for remaining 2020 elections and thereafter during COVID-19 emergency.. Description: Requires electronic signature and submission process for all candidate, recall, initiative, and referendum petitions for remaining 2020 elections and thereafter during COVID-19 emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits local units and authorities to waive interest and lien enforcement for certain delinquent water and sewer utility payments during emergency circumstances.. Description: Permits local units and authorities to waive interest and lien enforcement for certain delinquent water and sewer utility payments during emergency circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns participation in certain meetings by means of remote communication during state of emergency declared by the Governor.. Description: Concerns participation in certain meetings by means of remote communication during state of emergency declared by the Governor.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOH to establish sanitization guidelines for hotels operating in State.. Description: Requires DOH to establish sanitization guidelines for hotels operating in State.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns benefits provided to workers.. Description: Concerns benefits provided to workers.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns workers' compensation; revises effective date of P.L.2019, c.387 to clarify that law applies to cases pending, but not yet settled, or filed on or after date of enactment; increases burial expense allowance.. Description: Concerns workers' compensation; revises effective date of P.L.2019, c.387 to clarify that law applies to cases pending, but not yet settled, or filed on or after date of enactment; increases burial expense allowance.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Department of Human Services to develop public emergency response plan for licensed providers of services to individuals with developmental disabilities.. Description: Requires Department of Human Services to develop public emergency response plan for licensed providers of services to individuals with developmental disabilities.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes requirements for copies of medical and billing records to be provided without charge to Social Security Disability benefits applicants and recipients.. Description: Establishes requirements for copies of medical and billing records to be provided without charge to Social Security Disability benefits applicants and recipients.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends time period for filing and processing certain property tax appeals in 2020.. Description: Extends time period for filing and processing certain property tax appeals in 2020.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs State Lottery Commission to permit lottery player to submit and validate lottery claimsof $600 or more via Internet, mobile application, or other electronic means.. Description: Directs State Lottery Commission to permit lottery player to submit and validate lottery claimsof $600 or more via Internet, mobile application, or other electronic means.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for student recipients of educational opportunity funds to be exempt from 20 hour weekly work requirement ordinarily required for student SNAP participation.. Description: Provides for student recipients of educational opportunity funds to be exempt from 20 hour weekly work requirement ordinarily required for student SNAP participation.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Restricts use of certain data collected for purposes of contact tracing related to COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Restricts use of certain data collected for purposes of contact tracing related to COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides that institutions of higher education may permit final-year students in graduate degree programs for mental health care professions to graduate or be matched with residency or clinical programs early.. Description: Provides that institutions of higher education may permit final-year students in graduate degree programs for mental health care professions to graduate or be matched with residency or clinical programs early.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "New Jersey COVID-19 Emergency Bond Act," authorizes issuance of State bonds totaling up to $9.9 billion.. Description: "New Jersey COVID-19 Emergency Bond Act," authorizes issuance of State bonds totaling up to $9.9 billion.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires landlord to allow tenant to make rent payment using credit card during COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Requires landlord to allow tenant to make rent payment using credit card during COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Defers ambulatory care facility gross receipts assessment payment due on June 15, 2020 by 90 days.. Description: Defers ambulatory care facility gross receipts assessment payment due on June 15, 2020 by 90 days.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Department of Human Services to establish and maintain hotline for persons with disability for use during emergency of disaster.. Description: Requires Department of Human Services to establish and maintain hotline for persons with disability for use during emergency of disaster.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Enters New Jersey into Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact.. Description: Enters New Jersey into Psychology Interjurisdictional Compact.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for resentencing of certain inmates.. Description: Provides for resentencing of certain inmates.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Ensures insurance coverage for certain persons attending school graduation exercises in July and August of 2020.. Description: Ensures insurance coverage for certain persons attending school graduation exercises in July and August of 2020.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates program in Department of Agriculture for deer fencing on certain farmland.. Description: Creates program in Department of Agriculture for deer fencing on certain farmland.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases penalty for certain acts of trespass and vandalism on agricultural and horticultural lands.. Description: Increases penalty for certain acts of trespass and vandalism on agricultural and horticultural lands.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes minimum Medicaid reimbursement rate for adult medical day care services.. Description: Establishes minimum Medicaid reimbursement rate for adult medical day care services.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Division of Developmental Disabilities, during publichealth emergency, to develop guidance for in-person visitation at community-based residential settings for individuals with developmental disabilities and require providers to allow such visitation.. Description: Requires Division of Developmental Disabilities, during publichealth emergency, to develop guidance for in-person visitation at community-based residential settings for individuals with developmental disabilities and require providers to allow such visitation.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for technological upgrade of application process for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.. Description: Provides for technological upgrade of application process for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DHS to conduct biennial survey of SNAP experience.. Description: Requires DHS to conduct biennial survey of SNAP experience.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits expedited licensure in mental health professions for certain out-of-State individuals during state of emergency or public health emergency.. Description: Permits expedited licensure in mental health professions for certain out-of-State individuals during state of emergency or public health emergency.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises law concerning notaries and notarial acts; authorizes electronic signatures.. Description: Revises law concerning notaries and notarial acts; authorizes electronic signatures.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires availability of certain laboratory testing for coronavirus disease 2019.. Description: Requires availability of certain laboratory testing for coronavirus disease 2019.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain electronic medical programs to include demographic data entry feature; requires laboratories to record certain patients' demographic information; requires certain hospitals and laboratories to implement cultural competency training program.. Description: Requires certain electronic medical programs to include demographic data entry feature; requires laboratories to record certain patients' demographic information; requires certain hospitals and laboratories to implement cultural competency training program.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies that law enforcement officer who knowingly chokes another person engages in use of deadly force.. Description: Clarifies that law enforcement officer who knowingly chokes another person engages in use of deadly force.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands category of lists from which single juror source list is compiled to include persons who are utility customers, have non-driver identification card, or have applied for or received various types of assistance.. Description: Expands category of lists from which single juror source list is compiled to include persons who are utility customers, have non-driver identification card, or have applied for or received various types of assistance.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "The Ballot Cure Act" to modify and establish various voting procedures.. Description: Establishes "The Ballot Cure Act" to modify and establish various voting procedures.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires long term care facilities and hospitals to maintain minimum supply of personal protective equipment.. Description: Requires long term care facilities and hospitals to maintain minimum supply of personal protective equipment.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes youthful age of defendant as mitigating factor in sentencing.. Description: Establishes youthful age of defendant as mitigating factor in sentencing.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Regulates use of body cameras worn by law enforcement officers.. Description: Regulates use of body cameras worn by law enforcement officers.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Administrative Law Judges to be enrolled in PERS.. Description: Requires Administrative Law Judges to be enrolled in PERS.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes certain temporary and permanent privileges for certain alcoholic beverage licensees; authorizes certain activities, events, and festivals in which certain alcoholic beverage licensees may participate.. Description: Establishes certain temporary and permanent privileges for certain alcoholic beverage licensees; authorizes certain activities, events, and festivals in which certain alcoholic beverage licensees may participate.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends ballot receipt and election certification deadlines; increases certain messenger and bearer ballot limits: requires certain information to increase public awareness and use of voting by mail.. Description: Extends ballot receipt and election certification deadlines; increases certain messenger and bearer ballot limits: requires certain information to increase public awareness and use of voting by mail.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Economic Emergency Investment Stabilization Act"; allows EDA to invest in businesses impacted by major economic emergencies.. Description: "Economic Emergency Investment Stabilization Act"; allows EDA to invest in businesses impacted by major economic emergencies.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Police Training Commission to contract with crisis intervention training center to provide mental health training to police officers and establish curriculum specific to persons experiencing economic crisis or substance use disorder.. Description: Requires Police Training Commission to contract with crisis intervention training center to provide mental health training to police officers and establish curriculum specific to persons experiencing economic crisis or substance use disorder.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides that AOC shall administer program for municipal courts allowing defendents to engage in online plea negotiations, entry of guilty plea, and payment of fine or penalty.. Description: Provides that AOC shall administer program for municipal courts allowing defendents to engage in online plea negotiations, entry of guilty plea, and payment of fine or penalty.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands municipal court conditional dismissal program to include defendants charged with certain drug offenses; requires defendant's participation in various programs and services; allows dismissal of charges after one-year probationary period.. Description: Expands municipal court conditional dismissal program to include defendants charged with certain drug offenses; requires defendant's participation in various programs and services; allows dismissal of charges after one-year probationary period.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Implements sentencing recommendations of the Criminal Sentencing and Disposition Commission to eliminate certain mandatory minimum terms of imprisonment; eliminates mandatory minimum term of imprisonment for crime of official misconduct.. Description: Implements sentencing recommendations of the Criminal Sentencing and Disposition Commission to eliminate certain mandatory minimum terms of imprisonment; eliminates mandatory minimum term of imprisonment for crime of official misconduct.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits retroactive modification of certain judgements of conviction, requires study of DOC's anticipated expenses to upgrade data infrastructure.. Description: Permits retroactive modification of certain judgements of conviction, requires study of DOC's anticipated expenses to upgrade data infrastructure.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires cost savings study of compassionate release program and elimination of mandatory minimum terms; establishes "Corrections Rehabilitation and Crime Prevention Fund.". Description: Requires cost savings study of compassionate release program and elimination of mandatory minimum terms; establishes "Corrections Rehabilitation and Crime Prevention Fund."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Employment Application Registry database in Division of State Police.. Description: Establishes Employment Application Registry database in Division of State Police.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain entities authorized to issue health benefits plans to pay annual assessment.. Description: Requires certain entities authorized to issue health benefits plans to pay annual assessment.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State to sell and convey to Educational Services Commission of New Jersey certain land and improvements known as Piscataway Regional Day School.. Description: Requires State to sell and convey to Educational Services Commission of New Jersey certain land and improvements known as Piscataway Regional Day School.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Community College Opportunity Grant Program in Higher Education Student Assistance Authority to provide last-dollar financial aid grants to county college students and Student Success Incentive funding to county colleges.. Description: Establishes Community College Opportunity Grant Program in Higher Education Student Assistance Authority to provide last-dollar financial aid grants to county college students and Student Success Incentive funding to county colleges.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires facilities offering COVID-19 tests to provide accurate timeframes for test results; requires DOH to update COVID-19 website with information regarding testing locations that provide COVID-19 test results within 48 hours.. Description: Requires facilities offering COVID-19 tests to provide accurate timeframes for test results; requires DOH to update COVID-19 website with information regarding testing locations that provide COVID-19 test results within 48 hours.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates grant program to encourage school districts to partner with institutions of higher education in training school-based mental health services providers.. Description: Creates grant program to encourage school districts to partner with institutions of higher education in training school-based mental health services providers.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Student Wellness Grant Program in DOE.. Description: Establishes Student Wellness Grant Program in DOE.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DCF to give priority to certain school districts with student mental health counseling centers in awarding grants under School Based Youth Services Program.. Description: Requires DCF to give priority to certain school districts with student mental health counseling centers in awarding grants under School Based Youth Services Program.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Student Mental Health Task Force.". Description: Establishes "Student Mental Health Task Force."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits certain mental health professionals working in school districts to refer or help facilitate referral of students to private professional counselors.. Description: Permits certain mental health professionals working in school districts to refer or help facilitate referral of students to private professional counselors.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits DOC and DCF to award contracts for medical and dental services to vendors.. Description: Permits DOC and DCF to award contracts for medical and dental services to vendors.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes individuals who have passed road test to use driving permit to operate motor vehicle for 60 days during COVID-19 public health emergency.. Description: Authorizes individuals who have passed road test to use driving permit to operate motor vehicle for 60 days during COVID-19 public health emergency.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires school districts to include instruction on diversity and inclusion as part of  implementation of New Jersey Student Learning Standards.. Description: Requires school districts to include instruction on diversity and inclusion as part of  implementation of New Jersey Student Learning Standards.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State to enter into contract and coordinate with certain cooperative purchasing systems for procurement of COVID-19 related goods and services by  school districts.. Description: Requires State to enter into contract and coordinate with certain cooperative purchasing systems for procurement of COVID-19 related goods and services by  school districts.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes confidentiality of court records of certain eviction actions initiated during COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Establishes confidentiality of court records of certain eviction actions initiated during COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires county boards of election to establish ballot drop boxes in each county at least 45 days before election: revises procedures concerning mail-in ballots for 2020 general election.. Description: Requires county boards of election to establish ballot drop boxes in each county at least 45 days before election: revises procedures concerning mail-in ballots for 2020 general election.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes certain requirements concerning State's preparedness and response to infectious disease outbreaks, including coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic.. Description: Establishes certain requirements concerning State's preparedness and response to infectious disease outbreaks, including coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises licensure, operational, and reporting requirements for nursing homes.. Description: Revises licensure, operational, and reporting requirements for nursing homes.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes additional requirements for DOH to assess sanctions and impose penalties on nursing homes; revises reporting requirements for nursing homes.. Description: Establishes additional requirements for DOH to assess sanctions and impose penalties on nursing homes; revises reporting requirements for nursing homes.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DHS to review various aspects of Medicaid managed care program.. Description: Requires DHS to review various aspects of Medicaid managed care program.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Task Force on Long-Term Care Quality and Safety.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Task Force on Long-Term Care Quality and Safety.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes minimum wage requirements for certain long-term care facility staff; establishes direct care ratio requirements for nursing homes; requires nursing home care rate study.. Description: Establishes minimum wage requirements for certain long-term care facility staff; establishes direct care ratio requirements for nursing homes; requires nursing home care rate study.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State Long-Term Care Ombudsman to establish long-term care advocacy and educational training program.. Description: Requires State Long-Term Care Ombudsman to establish long-term care advocacy and educational training program.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Dedicates personal protective equipment to long-term care facilities, home health agencies, hospice care providers, health care service firms, PACE programs, and certain community-based providers during public health emergency.. Description: Dedicates personal protective equipment to long-term care facilities, home health agencies, hospice care providers, health care service firms, PACE programs, and certain community-based providers during public health emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes MVC to use stored driver's license or identification card photo for longer than eight years; limits certain appointment times at MVC locations to senior citizens and persons with certain medical conditions during COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Authorizes MVC to use stored driver's license or identification card photo for longer than eight years; limits certain appointment times at MVC locations to senior citizens and persons with certain medical conditions during COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows for immediate transport of persons by local law enforcement officers under certain circumstances.. Description: Allows for immediate transport of persons by local law enforcement officers under certain circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires AG to establish law enforcement officer use of force data collection and reporting system.. Description: Requires AG to establish law enforcement officer use of force data collection and reporting system.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases penalty for "bombing" online meeting or teleconference under certain circumstances.. Description: Increases penalty for "bombing" online meeting or teleconference under certain circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Temporarily extends deadline to register vehicle and obtain driver's license for new State residents during COVID-19 public health emergency.. Description: Temporarily extends deadline to register vehicle and obtain driver's license for new State residents during COVID-19 public health emergency.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows insurer to submit to MVC power of attorney executed electronically for certificate of ownership or salvage certificate of title by person who received or is due to receive total loss settlement from insurer.. Description: Allows insurer to submit to MVC power of attorney executed electronically for certificate of ownership or salvage certificate of title by person who received or is due to receive total loss settlement from insurer.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates driver's license suspension for failure to pay parking tickets; requires registration suspension for more than five parking tickets.. Description: Eliminates driver's license suspension for failure to pay parking tickets; requires registration suspension for more than five parking tickets.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises certain aspects of the State procurement process and permits auction or reverse auction procedures.. Description: Revises certain aspects of the State procurement process and permits auction or reverse auction procedures.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires dental insurers to provide credits for reduced usage during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.. Description: Requires dental insurers to provide credits for reduced usage during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires civil service commission to notify a certified eligible by certified mail and via electronic mail.. Description: Requires civil service commission to notify a certified eligible by certified mail and via electronic mail.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits school nurse who is retired from TPAF to return to employment for up to two years without reenrollment in TPAF.. Description: Permits school nurse who is retired from TPAF to return to employment for up to two years without reenrollment in TPAF.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires school districts to include instruction on 
racial discrimination and social justice as part of implementation of New Jersey Student Learning Standards in Social Studies for middle school students.. Description: Requires school districts to include instruction on 
racial discrimination and social justice as part of implementation of New Jersey Student Learning Standards in Social Studies for middle school students.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes temporary rate adjustment for certain nursing facilities; appropriates $62.3 million.. Description: Authorizes temporary rate adjustment for certain nursing facilities; appropriates $62.3 million.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes insurers issuing business interruption insurance to offer rider for global virus transmission and pandemic coverage.. Description: Authorizes insurers issuing business interruption insurance to offer rider for global virus transmission and pandemic coverage.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes successor program to solar renewable energy certificate program in BPU, including solicitation process for certain solar power generation facilities.. Description: Establishes successor program to solar renewable energy certificate program in BPU, including solicitation process for certain solar power generation facilities.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires BPU to establish and maintain electronic public records access service on its website; requires BPU to provide certain notice of its meetings and hearings and allow public comment.. Description: Requires BPU to establish and maintain electronic public records access service on its website; requires BPU to provide certain notice of its meetings and hearings and allow public comment.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires pharmacies to provide certain information regarding insulin manufacturer assistance programs.. Description: Requires pharmacies to provide certain information regarding insulin manufacturer assistance programs.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires BPU, electric power suppliers, and gas suppliers to publish certain information related to filing of customer complaints.. Description: Requires BPU, electric power suppliers, and gas suppliers to publish certain information related to filing of customer complaints.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes issuance of Protect Pollinators license plates.. Description: Authorizes issuance of Protect Pollinators license plates.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends time period during which seasonal retail consumption license holders may sell alcoholic beverages following COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Extends time period during which seasonal retail consumption license holders may sell alcoholic beverages following COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits certain nonresident Certified Public Accountants to provide attest services.. Description: Permits certain nonresident Certified Public Accountants to provide attest services.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises laws concerning delegation of parental or caregiver powers and standby guardianship for minor child or ward.. Description: Revises laws concerning delegation of parental or caregiver powers and standby guardianship for minor child or ward.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Limits police presence at polling places and ballot drop boxes; prohibits electioneering within 100 feet of ballot drop box.. Description: Limits police presence at polling places and ballot drop boxes; prohibits electioneering within 100 feet of ballot drop box.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public and local utilities to provide notice to residential customers of available relief measures during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.. Description: Requires public and local utilities to provide notice to residential customers of available relief measures during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns residential community release programs.. Description: Concerns residential community release programs.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides service credit for PERS member for former membership in transit retirement program.. Description: Provides service credit for PERS member for former membership in transit retirement program.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Division of Travel and Tourism establish Black Heritage Trail; establishes NJ Black Cultural Heritage Commission.. Description: Requires Division of Travel and Tourism establish Black Heritage Trail; establishes NJ Black Cultural Heritage Commission.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands eligibility criteria for municipalities wherein projects receiving New Jersey Redevelopment Authority assistance may occur.. Description: Expands eligibility criteria for municipalities wherein projects receiving New Jersey Redevelopment Authority assistance may occur.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Imposes CBT surtax at rate of 2.5 percent until December 31, 2023.. Description: Imposes CBT surtax at rate of 2.5 percent until December 31, 2023.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases annual assessment on net written premiums of HMOs to support charity care from three percent to five percent in FY 2021.. Description: Increases annual assessment on net written premiums of HMOs to support charity care from three percent to five percent in FY 2021.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Raises from 45 to 57 maximum eligibility age for exempt fireman certificates and membership in New Jersey State Fireman's Association.. Description: Raises from 45 to 57 maximum eligibility age for exempt fireman certificates and membership in New Jersey State Fireman's Association.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires that certain provider subsidy payments for child care services be based on enrollment.. Description: Requires that certain provider subsidy payments for child care services be based on enrollment.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands offenses eligible for expungement upon successful discharge from drug court.. Description: Expands offenses eligible for expungement upon successful discharge from drug court.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires transfer of certain escheated civil forfeiture funds from Unclaimed Personal Property Trust Fund to General Fund for appropriation to county Prosecutor's offices.. Description: Requires transfer of certain escheated civil forfeiture funds from Unclaimed Personal Property Trust Fund to General Fund for appropriation to county Prosecutor's offices.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Safe and Equitable Remote Learning Pilot Program in DOE to support provision of remote learning safe havens by certain school districts.. Description: Establishes Safe and Equitable Remote Learning Pilot Program in DOE to support provision of remote learning safe havens by certain school districts.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies process for obtaining working certificates for minors.. Description: Modifies process for obtaining working certificates for minors.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain insurers to provide summary concerning business interruption insurance.. Description: Requires certain insurers to provide summary concerning business interruption insurance.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits municipalities to authorize programs encouraging local shopping through property tax rewards; validates certain related municipal actions.. Description: Permits municipalities to authorize programs encouraging local shopping through property tax rewards; validates certain related municipal actions.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Waives shared responsibility tax payments for certain individuals without minimum essential health benefits coverage during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.. Description: Waives shared responsibility tax payments for certain individuals without minimum essential health benefits coverage during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes office in EDA to assist in provision and expansion of broadband Internet service in State to address inequities in accessing broadband service.. Description: Establishes office in EDA to assist in provision and expansion of broadband Internet service in State to address inequities in accessing broadband service.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises, clarifies, corrects, and simplifies various aspects of CBT.. Description: Revises, clarifies, corrects, and simplifies various aspects of CBT.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows mail-in voter to cure mail-in ballot due to missing certificate.. Description: Allows mail-in voter to cure mail-in ballot due to missing certificate.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes certain guidelines for health insurance carriers concerning step therapy protocols.. Description: Establishes certain guidelines for health insurance carriers concerning step therapy protocols.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies classification in this State of criminal offenses committed in other states or under federal law.. Description: Clarifies classification in this State of criminal offenses committed in other states or under federal law.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands crime of bias intimidation; establishes additional penalties for crimes of bias intimidation and harassment; establishes bias intimidation motivation damages.. Description: Expands crime of bias intimidation; establishes additional penalties for crimes of bias intimidation and harassment; establishes bias intimidation motivation damages.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires disclosure letter be included with mail falsely implying State government connection.. Description: Requires disclosure letter be included with mail falsely implying State government connection.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes task force to evaluate quality, efficacy, costs, and educational outcomes of online courses offered by public and independent institutions of higher education and degree-granting proprietary institutions during COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Establishes task force to evaluate quality, efficacy, costs, and educational outcomes of online courses offered by public and independent institutions of higher education and degree-granting proprietary institutions during COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns eligibility for extended unemployment benefits.. Description: Concerns eligibility for extended unemployment benefits.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Reduces or delays increases in employer unemployment taxes related to benefits paid during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic state of emergency.. Description: Reduces or delays increases in employer unemployment taxes related to benefits paid during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic state of emergency.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Internet websites and web services of school districts, charter schools, renaissance schools, and the Marie H. Katzenbach School for the Deaf to be accessible to persons with disabilities.. Description: Requires Internet websites and web services of school districts, charter schools, renaissance schools, and the Marie H. Katzenbach School for the Deaf to be accessible to persons with disabilities.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOH to publish total number of COVID-19 deaths and cases in long-term care facilities.. Description: Requires DOH to publish total number of COVID-19 deaths and cases in long-term care facilities.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes FY 2021 supplemental appropriation of $3,000,000 to DHS for temporary 25 percent increase to certain assisted living resident provider in Medicaid.. Description: Makes FY 2021 supplemental appropriation of $3,000,000 to DHS for temporary 25 percent increase to certain assisted living resident provider in Medicaid.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain bidders for prevailing wage public work to provide proof that prevailing wage will be paid.. Description: Requires certain bidders for prevailing wage public work to provide proof that prevailing wage will be paid.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits appeal of land use decision related to holding meeting electronically.. Description: Prohibits appeal of land use decision related to holding meeting electronically.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands existing plug-in electric vehicle incentive program to include incentives for eligible plug-in electric motorcycles.. Description: Expands existing plug-in electric vehicle incentive program to include incentives for eligible plug-in electric motorcycles.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows health insurers to provide certain health care benefit plans to local boards of education and eligible employers who do not participate in SEHBP; modifies employee contribution for New Jersey Educators Health Plan and its equivalent.. Description: Allows health insurers to provide certain health care benefit plans to local boards of education and eligible employers who do not participate in SEHBP; modifies employee contribution for New Jersey Educators Health Plan and its equivalent.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows minors to serve as election workers between 5:30 a.m. and 9:00 p.m. on elections days.. Description: Allows minors to serve as election workers between 5:30 a.m. and 9:00 p.m. on elections days.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $58,000,000 for NJ Statewide Body Worn Camera Program.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $58,000,000 for NJ Statewide Body Worn Camera Program.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes fixed odds wagering on horse races through fixed odds wagering system.. Description: Authorizes fixed odds wagering on horse races through fixed odds wagering system.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows corporations and certain financial institutions to hold remote shareholder meetings.. Description: Allows corporations and certain financial institutions to hold remote shareholder meetings.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits use of alternate names by limited liability partnerships.. Description: Permits use of alternate names by limited liability partnerships.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell and convey certain surplus real property located in Town of Secaucus, Hudson County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell and convey certain surplus real property located in Town of Secaucus, Hudson County.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $87,444,690 from "New Jersey Library Construction Fund" to provide grants for construction, reconstruction, development, extension, improvement, and furnishing of New Jersey's public libraries.. Description: Appropriates $87,444,690 from "New Jersey Library Construction Fund" to provide grants for construction, reconstruction, development, extension, improvement, and furnishing of New Jersey's public libraries.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell and convey certain surplus real property located in Borough of Franklin, Sussex County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell and convey certain surplus real property located in Borough of Franklin, Sussex County.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires long-term care facilities to annually review residents' proxy directives.. Description: Requires long-term care facilities to annually review residents' proxy directives.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides comprehensive Medicaid benefits to certain individuals formerly in foster care.. Description: Provides comprehensive Medicaid benefits to certain individuals formerly in foster care.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for postponement of New Jersey Quality Single Accountability Continuum review for certain school districts.. Description: Provides for postponement of New Jersey Quality Single Accountability Continuum review for certain school districts.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DEP to make certain information regarding water purveyors available on its Internet website.. Description: Requires DEP to make certain information regarding water purveyors available on its Internet website.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DEP to prioritize funding for environmental infrastructure projects for applicants with established program to employ, at project or related facilities, local residents or residents of nearby urban aid qualifying municipalities.. Description: Requires DEP to prioritize funding for environmental infrastructure projects for applicants with established program to employ, at project or related facilities, local residents or residents of nearby urban aid qualifying municipalities.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes motor vehicle dealers to sell motor vehicles online and obtain electronic signatures for motor vehicle transactions.. Description: Authorizes motor vehicle dealers to sell motor vehicles online and obtain electronic signatures for motor vehicle transactions.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires correctional police officers to wear body worn cameras.. Description: Requires correctional police officers to wear body worn cameras.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends list of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding for FY2021  to include new projects and modify estimated loan amounts for certain projects; modifies terms and conditions for certain loans utilizing federal funds.. Description: Amends list of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding for FY2021  to include new projects and modify estimated loan amounts for certain projects; modifies terms and conditions for certain loans utilizing federal funds.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend additional sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2021; modifies terms and conditions for certain loan utilizing federal funds.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend additional sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2021; modifies terms and conditions for certain loan utilizing federal funds.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to finance aviation and marine infrastructure projects; makes various other changes to bank's enabling act.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to finance aviation and marine infrastructure projects; makes various other changes to bank's enabling act.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOH to establish certain nursing education and professional advancement programs.. Description: Requires DOH to establish certain nursing education and professional advancement programs.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Removes Fire Museum and Fallen Firefighters Memorial from auspices of DEP and establishes museum as independent organization; makes $200,000 supplemental appropriation.. Description: Removes Fire Museum and Fallen Firefighters Memorial from auspices of DEP and establishes museum as independent organization; makes $200,000 supplemental appropriation.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $3,763,625 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for grants to certain nonprofit organizations for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Appropriates $3,763,625 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for grants to certain nonprofit organizations for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises requirements for provision of care to trauma patients.. Description: Revises requirements for provision of care to trauma patients.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $11,777,499 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.. Description: Appropriates $11,777,499 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $37.16 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for recreation and conservation purposes to DEP for State capital and park development projects.. Description: Appropriates $37.16 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for recreation and conservation purposes to DEP for State capital and park development projects.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell and convey certain surplus real property located in Township of Mahwah, County of Bergen.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to sell and convey certain surplus real property located in Township of Mahwah, County of Bergen.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for reorganization of health service corporation.. Description: Provides for reorganization of health service corporation.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns provision of energy to certain manufacturing facilities by providing exemptions to certain energy related taxes.. Description: Concerns provision of energy to certain manufacturing facilities by providing exemptions to certain energy related taxes.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires group homes and other community-based residential programs, as condition of licensure, to implement policies to prevent social isolation of residents.. Description: Requires group homes and other community-based residential programs, as condition of licensure, to implement policies to prevent social isolation of residents.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "New Jersey Foreclosure Prevention Act.". Description: Establishes "New Jersey Foreclosure Prevention Act."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands indoor capacity for food or beverage establishments and banquet and wedding venues under certain circumstances during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.. Description: Expands indoor capacity for food or beverage establishments and banquet and wedding venues under certain circumstances during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows continued use of heaters and tents by food or beverage establishments under certain circumstances during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.. Description: Allows continued use of heaters and tents by food or beverage establishments under certain circumstances during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Includes use of physical barriers as social distancing measure for food or beverage establishments during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.. Description: Includes use of physical barriers as social distancing measure for food or beverage establishments during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eases certain food and beverage establishment tent requirements during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.. Description: Eases certain food and beverage establishment tent requirements during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Protects homeowner in foreclosure from excessively low intervening offer.. Description: Protects homeowner in foreclosure from excessively low intervening offer.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Alleviating Learning Loss in New Jersey Grant Program in DOE to assist public schools in establishing or expanding certain educational programs to address learning loss in students.. Description: Establishes Alleviating Learning Loss in New Jersey Grant Program in DOE to assist public schools in establishing or expanding certain educational programs to address learning loss in students.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes minimum energy and water efficiency standards for certain products sold, offered for sale, or leased in the State.. Description: Establishes minimum energy and water efficiency standards for certain products sold, offered for sale, or leased in the State.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes ranking criteria for certain nonpoint source pollution control grants issued by DEP.. Description: Establishes ranking criteria for certain nonpoint source pollution control grants issued by DEP.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits State and local entities and private detention facilities from entering into agreement to detain noncitizens.. Description: Prohibits State and local entities and private detention facilities from entering into agreement to detain noncitizens.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits dentists to administer vaccines under certain circumstances.. Description: Permits dentists to administer vaccines under certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Medicaid Fraud Division to enter into data sharing agreement upon request of county to provide access to third party insurance liability data regarding certain COVID-19 related health claims.. Description: Requires Medicaid Fraud Division to enter into data sharing agreement upon request of county to provide access to third party insurance liability data regarding certain COVID-19 related health claims.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes optometrists to administer immunizations against coronaviruses and influenza under certain circumstances.. Description: Authorizes optometrists to administer immunizations against coronaviruses and influenza under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides fast track hiring and advancement employment opportunities by State for persons with significant disabilities.. Description: Provides fast track hiring and advancement employment opportunities by State for persons with significant disabilities.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for employment by State of certain persons with disabilities.. Description: Provides for employment by State of certain persons with disabilities.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows certain voters residing overseas to vote in certain elections in this State depending on overseas residency or intent to return.. Description: Allows certain voters residing overseas to vote in certain elections in this State depending on overseas residency or intent to return.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases limit on number of social affairs permits that can be issued for one premises from 25 to 52 for designated premises owned by municipality or for event sponsored by municipality.. Description: Increases limit on number of social affairs permits that can be issued for one premises from 25 to 52 for designated premises owned by municipality or for event sponsored by municipality.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for process to vacate and expunge certain arrests, charges, complaints, convictions, other dispositions, and DNA records, associated with violations by certain human trafficking victims.. Description: Provides for process to vacate and expunge certain arrests, charges, complaints, convictions, other dispositions, and DNA records, associated with violations by certain human trafficking victims.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes FY2021 supplemental appropriation of $250,000 from General Fund to State Mosquito Control Commission.. Description: Makes FY2021 supplemental appropriation of $250,000 from General Fund to State Mosquito Control Commission.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DHS to establish payment programs for purchase of transportation services from private sector and government transportation service providers.. Description: Requires DHS to establish payment programs for purchase of transportation services from private sector and government transportation service providers.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOT to implement complete streets policy that considers persons with certain disabilities.. Description: Requires DOT to implement complete streets policy that considers persons with certain disabilities.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires certain transportation research to consider needs of individuals with physical, sensory, intellectual, and developmental disabilities.. Description: Requires certain transportation research to consider needs of individuals with physical, sensory, intellectual, and developmental disabilities.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Updates 2-1-1 telephone system information to include all current modes of public transit and information on access and usage.. Description: Updates 2-1-1 telephone system information to include all current modes of public transit and information on access and usage.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns certain regulated substances, with particular emphasis on underage possession or consumption of various forms of cannabis, including legal consequences for such activities set forth in legislation passed by both Houses of Legislature.. Description: Concerns certain regulated substances, with particular emphasis on underage possession or consumption of various forms of cannabis, including legal consequences for such activities set forth in legislation passed by both Houses of Legislature.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public community water systems to inventory and replace lead service lines within 10 years; provides for recoupment of costs by investor-owned public water systems.. Description: Requires public community water systems to inventory and replace lead service lines within 10 years; provides for recoupment of costs by investor-owned public water systems.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands eligibility under New Jersey earned income tax credit program to allow taxpayers who are at least 18 years of age or older to qualify for modified benefit.. Description: Expands eligibility under New Jersey earned income tax credit program to allow taxpayers who are at least 18 years of age or older to qualify for modified benefit.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for certification of temporary nurse aides.. Description: Provides for certification of temporary nurse aides.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits parent or guardian to request grade retention for student during 2021-2022 school year.. Description: Permits parent or guardian to request grade retention for student during 2021-2022 school year.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows county board of elections to determine location of certain ballot drop boxes under certain circumstances.. Description: Allows county board of elections to determine location of certain ballot drop boxes under certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs DOE to request waiver of certain student academic assessment requirements from federal government.. Description: Directs DOE to request waiver of certain student academic assessment requirements from federal government.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Food Innovation District Pilot Program.". Description: Establishes "Food Innovation District Pilot Program."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires financial aid award letter provided by institutions of higher education and certain proprietary schools be consistent with financial aid shopping sheet.. Description: Requires financial aid award letter provided by institutions of higher education and certain proprietary schools be consistent with financial aid shopping sheet.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $10 million in federal funds to Department of Agriculture to support food bank organizations.. Description: Appropriates $10 million in federal funds to Department of Agriculture to support food bank organizations.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Removes restrictions on special assessments and bond issuances for replacement of residential lead service lines; revises budgetary requirements for operators of certain water systems.. Description: Removes restrictions on special assessments and bond issuances for replacement of residential lead service lines; revises budgetary requirements for operators of certain water systems.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes dual-use solar project pilot program for unpreserved farmland; allows land used for dual-use solar project to be eligible for farmland assessment under certain conditions.. Description: Establishes dual-use solar project pilot program for unpreserved farmland; allows land used for dual-use solar project to be eligible for farmland assessment under certain conditions.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes deadline for New Jersey Racing Commission's annual report from end of calendar year to end of State fiscal year.. Description: Changes deadline for New Jersey Racing Commission's annual report from end of calendar year to end of State fiscal year.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes $35 million in federal funds available to EDA to support food and beverage establishments in need.. Description: Makes $35 million in federal funds available to EDA to support food and beverage establishments in need.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes $10 million in federal funds available to EDA to support child care providers in need.. Description: Makes $10 million in federal funds available to EDA to support child care providers in need.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes $15 million in federal funds available to EDA to support businesses and nonprofits in need.. Description: Makes $15 million in federal funds available to EDA to support businesses and nonprofits in need.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires law enforcement to provide written notificaion to parent or guardian of person under age 18 who commits first offense of unlawfully possessing or consuming alcoholic beverage, cannabis, marijuana, or hashish.. Description: Requires law enforcement to provide written notificaion to parent or guardian of person under age 18 who commits first offense of unlawfully possessing or consuming alcoholic beverage, cannabis, marijuana, or hashish.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires each solid waste management district to develop strategy in solid waste management plan to reduce food waste.. Description: Requires each solid waste management district to develop strategy in solid waste management plan to reduce food waste.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases income eligibility limits for PAAD program and Senior Gold Prescription Discount Program by $10,000.. Description: Increases income eligibility limits for PAAD program and Senior Gold Prescription Discount Program by $10,000.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides partial pension and retirement income exclusion for taxpayers with income between $100,000 and $150,000.. Description: Provides partial pension and retirement income exclusion for taxpayers with income between $100,000 and $150,000.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits nonprofit corporations to allow members to participate in meetings by means of remote communication.. Description: Permits nonprofit corporations to allow members to participate in meetings by means of remote communication.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires motorists operating vehicles to maintain reasonable and safe distance when overtaking pedestrians and certain bicycles.. Description: Requires motorists operating vehicles to maintain reasonable and safe distance when overtaking pedestrians and certain bicycles.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Restores and revises Urban Enterprise Zone program; appropriates $42,500,000.. Description: Restores and revises Urban Enterprise Zone program; appropriates $42,500,000.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates funds to DEP for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2022.. Description: Appropriates funds to DEP for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2022.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2022.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2022.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends period of municipal stabilization and recovery, with certain modifications, under "Municipal Stabilization and Recovery Act.". Description: Extends period of municipal stabilization and recovery, with certain modifications, under "Municipal Stabilization and Recovery Act."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Division of Consumer Affairs to publish retail price of certain opioid antidotes.. Description: Requires Division of Consumer Affairs to publish retail price of certain opioid antidotes.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits school districts to administer student health surveys after prior written notification to parents and legal guardians.. Description: Permits school districts to administer student health surveys after prior written notification to parents and legal guardians.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes order of protection for current or former judge; upgrades and clarifies harassment against current or former judge; bars firearms possession by persons against whom current or former judge order of protection is entered.. Description: Establishes order of protection for current or former judge; upgrades and clarifies harassment against current or former judge; bars firearms possession by persons against whom current or former judge order of protection is entered.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases penalties for unauthorized transportation or disposal of solid waste.. Description: Increases penalties for unauthorized transportation or disposal of solid waste.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies Garden State Growth Zone tax exemption program.. Description: Modifies Garden State Growth Zone tax exemption program.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes $25 million in federal funds available to Department of State for travel and tourism advertising and promotion for recovery from COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Makes $25 million in federal funds available to Department of State for travel and tourism advertising and promotion for recovery from COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOLWD to provide link to New Jersey Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program on website and in emails concerning unemployment compensation benefits.. Description: Requires DOLWD to provide link to New Jersey Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program on website and in emails concerning unemployment compensation benefits.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits dependents of military member to enroll in school district in advance of military member's relocation to district.. Description: Permits dependents of military member to enroll in school district in advance of military member's relocation to district.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises modified basic training program for certain county correctional police officers to be certified as county prosecutor's detectives or investigators or county or municipal police officers.. Description: Revises modified basic training program for certain county correctional police officers to be certified as county prosecutor's detectives or investigators or county or municipal police officers.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes $5 million in federal funds available to Stockton University to support North Athletic Complex project.. Description: Makes $5 million in federal funds available to Stockton University to support North Athletic Complex project.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain health insurers, Medicaid, NJ FamilyCare, SHBP, and SEHBP to cover opioid antidote without imposing prior authorization requirements.. Description: Requires certain health insurers, Medicaid, NJ FamilyCare, SHBP, and SEHBP to cover opioid antidote without imposing prior authorization requirements.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $120 million from General Fund to EDA to support microbusinesses impacted by COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Appropriates $120 million from General Fund to EDA to support microbusinesses impacted by COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $10 million from General Fund to EDA to support child care providers impacted by COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Appropriates $10 million from General Fund to EDA to support child care providers impacted by COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $20 million from General Fund to EDA to support food and beverage establishments impacted by COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Appropriates $20 million from General Fund to EDA to support food and beverage establishments impacted by COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $50 million from General Fund to EDA to support businesses and nonprofit organizations impacted by COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Appropriates $50 million from General Fund to EDA to support businesses and nonprofit organizations impacted by COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Startup Business and Nonprofit Assistance Program in EDA to support new businesses and nonprofit organizations following COVID-19 pandemic; appropriates $25 million.. Description: Establishes Startup Business and Nonprofit Assistance Program in EDA to support new businesses and nonprofit organizations following COVID-19 pandemic; appropriates $25 million.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $10 million from General Fund to EDA to support Sustain and Serve NJ Program.. Description: Appropriates $10 million from General Fund to EDA to support Sustain and Serve NJ Program.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits counties to operate airports as county utilities; provides that bonds for county and municipal airport purposes be issued in accordance with provisions of "Local Bond Law.". Description: Permits counties to operate airports as county utilities; provides that bonds for county and municipal airport purposes be issued in accordance with provisions of "Local Bond Law."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes dates on which members of municipal and county committees of political party take office and hold annual meetings; transfers certain election responsibilities to county clerks.. Description: Changes dates on which members of municipal and county committees of political party take office and hold annual meetings; transfers certain election responsibilities to county clerks.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Ensures student well-being during school security drills.. Description: Ensures student well-being during school security drills.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Asian American Pacific Islander Commission.. Description: Establishes Asian American Pacific Islander Commission.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns sexual abuse investigations in State correctional facilities.. Description: Concerns sexual abuse investigations in State correctional facilities.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits retaliation against inmates in State correctional facilities who report sexual abuse; criminalizes retaliation and failure to report abuse.. Description: Prohibits retaliation against inmates in State correctional facilities who report sexual abuse; criminalizes retaliation and failure to report abuse.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands State corrections officers training to include topics contributing to their core mission of treating inmates with dignity, fairness, and respect.. Description: Expands State corrections officers training to include topics contributing to their core mission of treating inmates with dignity, fairness, and respect.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Corrections to appoint workforce skills training development officer to administer, enhance, and supplement inmate workforce skills training programming.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Corrections to appoint workforce skills training development officer to administer, enhance, and supplement inmate workforce skills training programming.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires request for proposal to establish project to evaluate and make recommendations for realignment of correctional facilities and other efficiency measures.. Description: Requires request for proposal to establish project to evaluate and make recommendations for realignment of correctional facilities and other efficiency measures.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOC report certain information annually.. Description: Requires DOC report certain information annually.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Corrections Ombudsperson review criminal investigations under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires Corrections Ombudsperson review criminal investigations under certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits forfeiture of inmate's commutation credits for minor disciplinary infractions and expands inmate's ability to restore certain forfeited credits.. Description: Prohibits forfeiture of inmate's commutation credits for minor disciplinary infractions and expands inmate's ability to restore certain forfeited credits.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides funding for experiential housing advocacy programs to provide legal services for low- and moderate-income tenants in need of housing assistance; appropriates $2 million.. Description: Provides funding for experiential housing advocacy programs to provide legal services for low- and moderate-income tenants in need of housing assistance; appropriates $2 million.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates sexual assault prevention and response program and coordinator in DMVA.. Description: Creates sexual assault prevention and response program and coordinator in DMVA.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates Office of School Bus Safety in Department of Education; appropriates $200,000.. Description: Creates Office of School Bus Safety in Department of Education; appropriates $200,000.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows county boards of elections to expand staff and appoint clerk within county budgetary requirements.. Description: Allows county boards of elections to expand staff and appoint clerk within county budgetary requirements.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises violation and fines for approving or assigning unauthorized individuals as school bus drivers.. Description: Revises violation and fines for approving or assigning unauthorized individuals as school bus drivers.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for debarment of school bus contractors for certain violations; requires certain information in pupil transportation contract bid.. Description: Provides for debarment of school bus contractors for certain violations; requires certain information in pupil transportation contract bid.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for transportation infrastructure projects for FY2022.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for transportation infrastructure projects for FY2022.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for termination of public health emergency declared by Governor to address COVID-19 pandemic, except certain executive orders, directives, and powers will remain in effect temporarily.. Description: Provides for termination of public health emergency declared by Governor to address COVID-19 pandemic, except certain executive orders, directives, and powers will remain in effect temporarily.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Renames Dismal Swamp and Dismal Swamp Preservation Commission as "Peter J. Barnes III Wildlife Preserve" and "Peter J. Barnes III Wildlife Preservation Commission.". Description: Renames Dismal Swamp and Dismal Swamp Preservation Commission as "Peter J. Barnes III Wildlife Preserve" and "Peter J. Barnes III Wildlife Preservation Commission."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes effective date of Garden State Health Plan; exempts certain charter and renaissance schools from certain healthcare plan requirements; requires certain negotiations over certain health care costs.. Description: Changes effective date of Garden State Health Plan; exempts certain charter and renaissance schools from certain healthcare plan requirements; requires certain negotiations over certain health care costs.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to enter lease for real property and improvements with NJEDA for construction of New Jersey Wind Port in Lower Alloways Creek Township, Salem County.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to enter lease for real property and improvements with NJEDA for construction of New Jersey Wind Port in Lower Alloways Creek Township, Salem County.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises certain funding provisions for financial assistance and grants from Hazardous Discharge Site Remediation Fund.. Description: Revises certain funding provisions for financial assistance and grants from Hazardous Discharge Site Remediation Fund.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises certain requirements for district board members and polling places for June 2021 primary election; provides reimbursement for National Guard assistance with 2020 primary and general elections; makes appropriation.. Description: Revises certain requirements for district board members and polling places for June 2021 primary election; provides reimbursement for National Guard assistance with 2020 primary and general elections; makes appropriation.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes local units to refinance general obligation bonds irrespective of present value savings for period of one year.. Description: Authorizes local units to refinance general obligation bonds irrespective of present value savings for period of one year.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Adjutant General of DMVA send weekly reports to Commissioner of DOH on status of veterans' homes in State during every future public health emergency; requires such reports through December 31, 2021.. Description: Requires Adjutant General of DMVA send weekly reports to Commissioner of DOH on status of veterans' homes in State during every future public health emergency; requires such reports through December 31, 2021.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DMVA veterans' memorial homes to hold quarterly town hall meetings with veterans' guardians.. Description: Requires DMVA veterans' memorial homes to hold quarterly town hall meetings with veterans' guardians.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows veteran's guardian to remove veteran from DMVA veterans' memorial home under certain emergency circumstances.. Description: Allows veteran's guardian to remove veteran from DMVA veterans' memorial home under certain emergency circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DMVA veterans' memorial homes to communicate with veterans' guardians via at least two communication means.. Description: Requires DMVA veterans' memorial homes to communicate with veterans' guardians via at least two communication means.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires administrator and assistant administrator at State veterans' memorial home have prior work experience in clinical setting.. Description: Requires administrator and assistant administrator at State veterans' memorial home have prior work experience in clinical setting.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires position of resident advocate at each State veterans' memorial home.. Description: Requires position of resident advocate at each State veterans' memorial home.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DMVA veterans' facilities provide payroll-based journal information to NJ Long-Term Care Ombudsman.. Description: Requires DMVA veterans' facilities provide payroll-based journal information to NJ Long-Term Care Ombudsman.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Director of Division of Veterans' Healthcare Services in DMVA to have prior clinical and long-term care experience.. Description: Requires Director of Division of Veterans' Healthcare Services in DMVA to have prior clinical and long-term care experience.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows law enforcement officers to review body worn camera recordings prior to creating initial report.. Description: Allows law enforcement officers to review body worn camera recordings prior to creating initial report.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Female Inmates' Rights Protection Act.". Description: Establishes the "Female Inmates' Rights Protection Act."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Appropriates $20 million for HFMA to grant loans to developers of certain affordable housing projects.. Description: Appropriates $20 million for HFMA to grant loans to developers of certain affordable housing projects.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs DHS to develop mobile software for SNAP recipients; appropriates $2 million.. Description: Directs DHS to develop mobile software for SNAP recipients; appropriates $2 million.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes State supplement for federal summer food service program meals.. Description: Establishes State supplement for federal summer food service program meals.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes State supplement for "breakfast after the bell" meals.. Description: Establishes State supplement for "breakfast after the bell" meals.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Awards project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for school security projects in certain school districts; appropriates $66,173,243.. Description: Awards project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for school security projects in certain school districts; appropriates $66,173,243.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Awards project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for water infrastructure projects in certain school districts; appropriates $6,608,212.. Description: Awards project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for water infrastructure projects in certain school districts; appropriates $6,608,212.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for career and technical education at county colleges; appropriates $26,456,996.. Description: Provides project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for career and technical education at county colleges; appropriates $26,456,996.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides project grants under "Securing Our Children's Fund" for career and technical education expansion in county vocational school districts; appropriates $222,904,769.. Description: Provides project grants under "Securing Our Children's Fund" for career and technical education expansion in county vocational school districts; appropriates $222,904,769.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns enforcement of employee misclassification and stop-work order laws.. Description: Concerns enforcement of employee misclassification and stop-work order laws.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates "Office of Strategic Enforcement and Compliance" in DOLWD; appropriates $1 million from General Fund.. Description: Creates "Office of Strategic Enforcement and Compliance" in DOLWD; appropriates $1 million from General Fund.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Streamlines identification of employee misclassification.. Description: Streamlines identification of employee misclassification.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes Capital City Redevelopment Corporation on behalf of State Treasurer to sell surplus real property and improvements located in City of Trenton, County of Mercer; appropriates proceeds of sale.. Description: Authorizes Capital City Redevelopment Corporation on behalf of State Treasurer to sell surplus real property and improvements located in City of Trenton, County of Mercer; appropriates proceeds of sale.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Temporarily expands summer working hours for certain minors.. Description: Temporarily expands summer working hours for certain minors.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Rescinds prohibition on return of certain items purchased from retail food stores during COVID-19 state of emergency; provides that future limitations on returns occur during declared public health emergency.. Description: Rescinds prohibition on return of certain items purchased from retail food stores during COVID-19 state of emergency; provides that future limitations on returns occur during declared public health emergency.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises various provisions of "New Jersey Economic Recovery Act of 2020" and other economic development programs; establishes New Jersey Innovation Fellows Program; appropriates $10 million.. Description: Revises various provisions of "New Jersey Economic Recovery Act of 2020" and other economic development programs; establishes New Jersey Innovation Fellows Program; appropriates $10 million.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Mandates periodic cancer screening examinations for firefighters enrolled in SHBP.. Description: Mandates periodic cancer screening examinations for firefighters enrolled in SHBP.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends list of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding for FY2022; makes various changes to FY2022 environmental infrastructure funding program.. Description: Amends list of environmental infrastructure projects approved for long-term funding for FY2022; makes various changes to FY2022 environmental infrastructure funding program.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Removes requirement for Legislature, DOE, free public libraries, and historical societies to purchase "Manual of the Legislature of New Jersey.". Description: Removes requirement for Legislature, DOE, free public libraries, and historical societies to purchase "Manual of the Legislature of New Jersey."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits deferred retirement from JRS for member appointed as Administrative Director of the Courts by Chief Justice of Supreme Court.. Description: Permits deferred retirement from JRS for member appointed as Administrative Director of the Courts by Chief Justice of Supreme Court.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for postponement of New Jersey Quality Single Accountability Continuum review for certain school districts for 2021-2022 school year.. Description: Provides for postponement of New Jersey Quality Single Accountability Continuum review for certain school districts for 2021-2022 school year.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $500,000 for USS New Jersey Commissioning Committee to support commissioning of boat and assigned personnel.. Description: Appropriates $500,000 for USS New Jersey Commissioning Committee to support commissioning of boat and assigned personnel.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes requirements for certain tobacco product retailers to stock and sell nicotine replacement therapy products.. Description: Establishes requirements for certain tobacco product retailers to stock and sell nicotine replacement therapy products.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides $5 million in supplemental funding to New Jersey Horse Racing Commission for horse racing purse subsidies.. Description: Provides $5 million in supplemental funding to New Jersey Horse Racing Commission for horse racing purse subsidies.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $8 million to DHS to increase reimbursement for funeral, burial, and crematory services provided to certain beneficiaries of Work First New Jersey and Supplemental Security Income programs.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $8 million to DHS to increase reimbursement for funeral, burial, and crematory services provided to certain beneficiaries of Work First New Jersey and Supplemental Security Income programs.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases number of hospitals eligible for highest amount of charity care subsidy payment; appropriates $30 million.. Description: Increases number of hospitals eligible for highest amount of charity care subsidy payment; appropriates $30 million.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Temporarily waives certain basic life support services crewmember requirements.. Description: Temporarily waives certain basic life support services crewmember requirements.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Updates licenses offered by and certain licensure requirements from Board of Examiners of Electrical Contractors.. Description: Updates licenses offered by and certain licensure requirements from Board of Examiners of Electrical Contractors.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits volunteer paramedics to operate within mobile intensive care units.. Description: Permits volunteer paramedics to operate within mobile intensive care units.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows certain persons not yet appointed as administrator of estate to pursue lawsuit for damages for wrongful death on behalf of deceased's survivors.. Description: Allows certain persons not yet appointed as administrator of estate to pursue lawsuit for damages for wrongful death on behalf of deceased's survivors.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $37,174,636.71 from "New Jersey Library Construction Fund" to provide grants for construction, reconstruction, development, extension, improvement, and furnishing of New Jersey's public libraries.. Description: Appropriates $37,174,636.71 from "New Jersey Library Construction Fund" to provide grants for construction, reconstruction, development, extension, improvement, and furnishing of New Jersey's public libraries.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises penalties for transfer of certain professional and occupational licenses.. Description: Revises penalties for transfer of certain professional and occupational licenses.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises and renames Office of Food Insecurity Advocate.. Description: Revises and renames Office of Food Insecurity Advocate.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain motor vehicle dealers to maintain certain requirements for business premises.. Description: Requires certain motor vehicle dealers to maintain certain requirements for business premises.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises law concerning insurance holding company systems.. Description: Revises law concerning insurance holding company systems.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates Office of Information Privacy; requires, upon request, redaction and nondisclosure of home address of judicial officers, prosecutors, law enforcement officers, and immediate family members thereof residing in same household; makes appropriation.. Description: Creates Office of Information Privacy; requires, upon request, redaction and nondisclosure of home address of judicial officers, prosecutors, law enforcement officers, and immediate family members thereof residing in same household; makes appropriation.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns standards for distribution of certain HMFA loans for housing projects during state of emergency.. Description: Concerns standards for distribution of certain HMFA loans for housing projects during state of emergency.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends certain requirements concerning insurance holding companies.. Description: Amends certain requirements concerning insurance holding companies.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Codifies right of real estate broker-salespersons and salespersons to define relationship with broker as one between broker and independent contractor or employee and enforces current and previous written agreements addressing relationship.. Description: Codifies right of real estate broker-salespersons and salespersons to define relationship with broker as one between broker and independent contractor or employee and enforces current and previous written agreements addressing relationship.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates requirement for DOE to set certain tuition rates for approved private schools for students with disabilities in certain cases.. Description: Eliminates requirement for DOE to set certain tuition rates for approved private schools for students with disabilities in certain cases.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $60,940,361 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Appropriates $60,940,361 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $18 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for county planning incentive grants for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Appropriates $18 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for county planning incentive grants for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $4.5 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for municipal planning incentive grants for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Appropriates $4.5 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for municipal planning incentive grants for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $440,240 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for grants to certain nonprofit organizations for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Appropriates $440,240 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for grants to certain nonprofit organizations for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $54.5 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for recreation and conservation purposes to DEP for State capital and park development projects.. Description: Appropriates $54.5 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for recreation and conservation purposes to DEP for State capital and park development projects.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $49.932 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for State acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes, including Blue Acres projects, and Green Acres Program administrative costs.. Description: Appropriates $49.932 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for State acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes, including Blue Acres projects, and Green Acres Program administrative costs.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $80,539,578 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues and various Green Acres funds to DEP for local government open space acquisition and park development projects.. Description: Appropriates $80,539,578 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues and various Green Acres funds to DEP for local government open space acquisition and park development projects.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $14,687,510 to DEP from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for grants to certain nonprofit entities to acquire or develop lands for recreation and conservation purposes.. Description: Appropriates $14,687,510 to DEP from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues for grants to certain nonprofit entities to acquire or develop lands for recreation and conservation purposes.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns changes in control of hotels and disruptions of hotel services.. Description: Concerns changes in control of hotels and disruptions of hotel services.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "New Jersey Foreclosure Counseling Fund.". Description: Establishes "New Jersey Foreclosure Counseling Fund."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Imposes surcharge on casino hotel occupancies to fund public safety services.. Description: Imposes surcharge on casino hotel occupancies to fund public safety services.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Awards school security project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for certain school districts; appropriates $5,150,531.. Description: Awards school security project grants under "Securing Our Children's Future Fund" for certain school districts; appropriates $5,150,531.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits PERS retiree to return to employment in NJ Legislature after retirement under certain circumstances.. Description: Permits PERS retiree to return to employment in NJ Legislature after retirement under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $2 million to Legislative Services Commission.. Description: Appropriates $2 million to Legislative Services Commission.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Encourages sharing of services; makes appropriations.. Description: Encourages sharing of services; makes appropriations.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates, as State and public holiday, third Friday in June as Juneteenth Day.. Description: Designates, as State and public holiday, third Friday in June as Juneteenth Day.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Codifies constitutional right to freedom of reproductive choice.. Description: Codifies constitutional right to freedom of reproductive choice.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes commission to study impact of certain Medicaid reimbursement rate change on nursing homes.. Description: Establishes commission to study impact of certain Medicaid reimbursement rate change on nursing homes.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Military Pro Bono Program" to provide pro bono legal representation to active-duty service members and veterans of military.. Description: Establishes "Military Pro Bono Program" to provide pro bono legal representation to active-duty service members and veterans of military.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns professional licensing and application fees for spouse or dependent of active duty member of United States Armed Forces.. Description: Concerns professional licensing and application fees for spouse or dependent of active duty member of United States Armed Forces.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Jersey Native Plants Program.". Description: Establishes "Jersey Native Plants Program."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires institutions of higher education and public and nonpublic high schools and middle schools to adopt anti-hazing policies; expands activities encompassing criminal hazing and upgrades penalties for engaging in these activities.. Description: Requires institutions of higher education and public and nonpublic high schools and middle schools to adopt anti-hazing policies; expands activities encompassing criminal hazing and upgrades penalties for engaging in these activities.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns speech rights of student journalists at public schools and public institutions of higher education.. Description: Concerns speech rights of student journalists at public schools and public institutions of higher education.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits use of education, occupation, homeownership status, marital status, or credit score in certain automobile insurance determinations.. Description: Prohibits use of education, occupation, homeownership status, marital status, or credit score in certain automobile insurance determinations.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes grant program for homeless veterans shelters.. Description: Establishes grant program for homeless veterans shelters.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns expenses to municipalities for tree purchase, planting, and removal.. Description: Concerns expenses to municipalities for tree purchase, planting, and removal.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises law governing training and duties of Junior Firefighters' Auxiliary members.. Description: Revises law governing training and duties of Junior Firefighters' Auxiliary members.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides that student-athlete who sustains concussion must return to regular school activities prior to return to competition; requires school districts to implement six-step return-to-competition process.. Description: Provides that student-athlete who sustains concussion must return to regular school activities prior to return to competition; requires school districts to implement six-step return-to-competition process.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires EDA to establish loan program for certain costs of electric-powered school bus purchases by local school districts and school bus contractors.. Description: Requires EDA to establish loan program for certain costs of electric-powered school bus purchases by local school districts and school bus contractors.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DEP to evaluate environmental and public health stressors of certain facilities on overburdened communities when reviewing certain permit applications.. Description: Requires DEP to evaluate environmental and public health stressors of certain facilities on overburdened communities when reviewing certain permit applications.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns eligibility, procedures, and post-program relief for certain drug or alcohol dependent persons sentenced to special probation, or regular probation which as a condition of such requires substance use disorders treatment.. Description: Concerns eligibility, procedures, and post-program relief for certain drug or alcohol dependent persons sentenced to special probation, or regular probation which as a condition of such requires substance use disorders treatment.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires NJHMFA to allocate certain portion of federal low-income housing tax credits to certain high-opportunity areas.. Description: Requires NJHMFA to allocate certain portion of federal low-income housing tax credits to certain high-opportunity areas.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires pharmacy benefits manager providing services within Medicaid program to disclose certain information to DHS.. Description: Requires pharmacy benefits manager providing services within Medicaid program to disclose certain information to DHS.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Fair Chance in Housing Act"; establishes certain housing rights of persons with criminal records.. Description: "Fair Chance in Housing Act"; establishes certain housing rights of persons with criminal records.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides resident tuition rate to certain non-resident dependent children of United States military personnel attending public institutions of higher education.. Description: Provides resident tuition rate to certain non-resident dependent children of United States military personnel attending public institutions of higher education.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes certain rights for students with military obligations attending public institutions of higher education and permits late registration for students with military obligations.. Description: Establishes certain rights for students with military obligations attending public institutions of higher education and permits late registration for students with military obligations.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates New Jersey Innocence Study and Review Commission.. Description: Creates New Jersey Innocence Study and Review Commission.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes scholarship program for graduate students and postdoctoral researchers in field of fusion science.. Description: Establishes scholarship program for graduate students and postdoctoral researchers in field of fusion science.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Division of Purchase and Property to issue annual report on public contracts awarded to women-owned and minority-owned businesses; requires Division of Revenue to operate Selective Assistance Vendor Information (SAVI) database.. Description: Requires Division of Purchase and Property to issue annual report on public contracts awarded to women-owned and minority-owned businesses; requires Division of Revenue to operate Selective Assistance Vendor Information (SAVI) database.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows municipalities to adjust deadline to apply for short-term exemption or abatement for dwellings; requires provision of notice to purchasers of dwellings in areas in need of rehabilitation under certain circumstances.. Description: Allows municipalities to adjust deadline to apply for short-term exemption or abatement for dwellings; requires provision of notice to purchasers of dwellings in areas in need of rehabilitation under certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits public schools from denying admittance to student due to tardiness or violation of dress code or school uniform policy.. Description: Prohibits public schools from denying admittance to student due to tardiness or violation of dress code or school uniform policy.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires certain residential developers to replace lead service lines.. Description: Requires certain residential developers to replace lead service lines.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes operators of motor vehicles to display electronic proof of registration; requires MVC to send applicaion for registration renewal to lessee of leased vehicle.. Description: Authorizes operators of motor vehicles to display electronic proof of registration; requires MVC to send applicaion for registration renewal to lessee of leased vehicle.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "NJ One Health Task Force.". Description: Establishes "NJ One Health Task Force."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires developers to offer electric vehicle charging stations as option in certain new home construction.. Description: Requires developers to offer electric vehicle charging stations as option in certain new home construction.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires NJT to operate Access Link paratransit service during state of emergency under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires NJT to operate Access Link paratransit service during state of emergency under certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes supervised community reintegration program for certain victims of domestic violence.. Description: Establishes supervised community reintegration program for certain victims of domestic violence.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires uniform response procedures for all domestic crisis teams established or participated in by law enforcement agencies, and strengthens Statewide supervision over teams; expands topics required in training courses.. Description: Requires uniform response procedures for all domestic crisis teams established or participated in by law enforcement agencies, and strengthens Statewide supervision over teams; expands topics required in training courses.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes standards for domestic violence counseling and creates "Abuse Intervention Program Advisory Committee.". Description: Establishes standards for domestic violence counseling and creates "Abuse Intervention Program Advisory Committee."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands training for judges, law enforcement officers and assistant county prosecutors concerning handling of domestic violence cases.. Description: Expands training for judges, law enforcement officers and assistant county prosecutors concerning handling of domestic violence cases.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires training for law enforcement officers and assistant county prosecutors concerning handling of domestic violence cases.. Description: Requires training for law enforcement officers and assistant county prosecutors concerning handling of domestic violence cases.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes mandatory domestic violence training for municipal prosecutors.. Description: Establishes mandatory domestic violence training for municipal prosecutors.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Adjusts statute of limitations on damage claim for construction defect in common interest community.. Description: Adjusts statute of limitations on damage claim for construction defect in common interest community.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires residential landlords to equip steam radiators with protective covers.. Description: Requires residential landlords to equip steam radiators with protective covers.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits pharmacists to furnish self-administered hormonal contraceptives pursuant to a standing order, in accordance with protocols established by Board of Pharmacy and Board of Medical Examiners.. Description: Permits pharmacists to furnish self-administered hormonal contraceptives pursuant to a standing order, in accordance with protocols established by Board of Pharmacy and Board of Medical Examiners.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands requirement of health insurers and Medicaid program to cover prescriptions for contraceptives for up to 12 months.. Description: Expands requirement of health insurers and Medicaid program to cover prescriptions for contraceptives for up to 12 months.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires law enforcement agencies to provide law enforcement officers with cultural diversity training and develop diversity action plan.. Description: Requires law enforcement agencies to provide law enforcement officers with cultural diversity training and develop diversity action plan.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes standards for expiration of rental housing affordability controls.. Description: Establishes standards for expiration of rental housing affordability controls.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises definition of "landlord" to include rooming and boarding house owners and operators with regard to ordinances holding landlords to certain standards of responsibility.. Description: Revises definition of "landlord" to include rooming and boarding house owners and operators with regard to ordinances holding landlords to certain standards of responsibility.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises workers' compensation coverage for certain injuries to volunteer and professional public safety and law enforcement personnel.. Description: Revises workers' compensation coverage for certain injuries to volunteer and professional public safety and law enforcement personnel.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits counties to share county tax administrators.. Description: Permits counties to share county tax administrators.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires school bus driver's complete motor vehicle driving record be shared with board of education or school bus contractor and local police.. Description: Requires school bus driver's complete motor vehicle driving record be shared with board of education or school bus contractor and local police.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Dominick Marino PFRS Enhanced Benefits for Surviving Spouses Act"; enhances PFRS accidental death benefit for surviving spouse who becomes eligible after effective date by providing for minimum of $50,000 annually.. Description: "Dominick Marino PFRS Enhanced Benefits for Surviving Spouses Act"; enhances PFRS accidental death benefit for surviving spouse who becomes eligible after effective date by providing for minimum of $50,000 annually.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Enters New Jersey into Interstate Medical Licensure Compact.. Description: Enters New Jersey into Interstate Medical Licensure Compact.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides that purchase of insulin is not subject to deductible and requires health insurers to limit copayments and coinsurance for insulin.. Description: Provides that purchase of insulin is not subject to deductible and requires health insurers to limit copayments and coinsurance for insulin.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain student identification cards to contain telephone number for suicide prevention hotline.. Description: Requires certain student identification cards to contain telephone number for suicide prevention hotline.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes certain minimum and maximum temperatures in rooming and boarding houses, dementia care homes, and certain nursing homes and residential health care facilities.. Description: Establishes certain minimum and maximum temperatures in rooming and boarding houses, dementia care homes, and certain nursing homes and residential health care facilities.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits appointment of nonresident municipal emergency management coordinators in municipalities with populations under 5,000 persons in certain circumstances.. Description: Permits appointment of nonresident municipal emergency management coordinators in municipalities with populations under 5,000 persons in certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires parent or guardian to notify child care centers if child will be absent; requires child care centers to notify parent or guardian in event of unexcused child absence.. Description: Requires parent or guardian to notify child care centers if child will be absent; requires child care centers to notify parent or guardian in event of unexcused child absence.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates Task Force on Driver Distractions.. Description: Creates Task Force on Driver Distractions.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases certain penalties for violations of wage and hour law.. Description: Increases certain penalties for violations of wage and hour law.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires notification of local law enforcement prior to expungement of certain mental health records of prospective firearms purchasers.. Description: Requires notification of local law enforcement prior to expungement of certain mental health records of prospective firearms purchasers.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Bars nondisclosure agreements to settle sexual assault and harassment claims against certain State officers and employees and members of Legislature; bars use of campaign funds to settle claims.. Description: Bars nondisclosure agreements to settle sexual assault and harassment claims against certain State officers and employees and members of Legislature; bars use of campaign funds to settle claims.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Raises pay for election workers to $300 per day; appropriates $7,000,000 to Department of State.. Description: Raises pay for election workers to $300 per day; appropriates $7,000,000 to Department of State.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Statewide Suicide Prevention Coordination and Oversight Council in DHS.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Statewide Suicide Prevention Coordination and Oversight Council in DHS.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits use of telemedicine and telehealth to authorize patients for medical cannabis and to issue written instructions for dispensing medical cannabis.. Description: Permits use of telemedicine and telehealth to authorize patients for medical cannabis and to issue written instructions for dispensing medical cannabis.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises cybersecurity, asset management, and related reporting requirements in "Water Quality Accountability Act.". Description: Revises cybersecurity, asset management, and related reporting requirements in "Water Quality Accountability Act."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Statewide universal newborn home nurse visitation program in DCF; appropriates $2.75 million.. Description: Establishes Statewide universal newborn home nurse visitation program in DCF; appropriates $2.75 million.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows public office holder or candidate to use political contributions to pay for child care expenses related to office or campaign activities.. Description: Allows public office holder or candidate to use political contributions to pay for child care expenses related to office or campaign activities.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires training for DOE arbitrators to include issues related to cultural diversity and bias.. Description: Requires training for DOE arbitrators to include issues related to cultural diversity and bias.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain health care professionals to undergo explicit and implicit bias training.. Description: Requires certain health care professionals to undergo explicit and implicit bias training.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOH to develop and implement plan to improve access to perinatal mood and anxiety disorder screening.. Description: Requires DOH to develop and implement plan to improve access to perinatal mood and anxiety disorder screening.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides for voluntary contributions by taxpayers on gross income tax returns for ovarian cancer research.. Description: Provides for voluntary contributions by taxpayers on gross income tax returns for ovarian cancer research.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Reopens Workers Compensation Judges Part of PERS and requires Workers' Compensation Judges to be enrolled in PERS.. Description: Reopens Workers Compensation Judges Part of PERS and requires Workers' Compensation Judges to be enrolled in PERS.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Chloe's Pet Access Law"; permits dogs in outdoor seating areas of restaurants under certain circumstances; codifies current requirements concerning live animals in food establishments.. Description: "Chloe's Pet Access Law"; permits dogs in outdoor seating areas of restaurants under certain circumstances; codifies current requirements concerning live animals in food establishments.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates five percent down payment requirement for local bond ordinances involving New Jersey Infrastructure Bank transportation projects.. Description: Eliminates five percent down payment requirement for local bond ordinances involving New Jersey Infrastructure Bank transportation projects.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands workers' compensation coverage to parking areas provided by employer.. Description: Expands workers' compensation coverage to parking areas provided by employer.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires business owners and rental unit owners to maintain certain liability insurance policies.. Description: Requires business owners and rental unit owners to maintain certain liability insurance policies.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits academic degree-granting institutions from entering into revenue sharing arrangements with financial institutions for consumer financial products or services and regulates consumer financial products or services marketed to students.. Description: Prohibits academic degree-granting institutions from entering into revenue sharing arrangements with financial institutions for consumer financial products or services and regulates consumer financial products or services marketed to students.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides that New Jersey Better Educational Savings Trust (NJBEST) Program scholarship may be awarded in any semester of attendance or enrollment at institution of higher education in State.. Description: Provides that New Jersey Better Educational Savings Trust (NJBEST) Program scholarship may be awarded in any semester of attendance or enrollment at institution of higher education in State.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires institutions of higher education to distribute information on availability of allowance for dependent care expenses in determination of cost of attendance.. Description: Requires institutions of higher education to distribute information on availability of allowance for dependent care expenses in determination of cost of attendance.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits transmittal of certain proposed county ordinances by electronic mail.. Description: Permits transmittal of certain proposed county ordinances by electronic mail.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public utilities and local units to provide notice prior to initiating certain infrastructure projects.. Description: Requires public utilities and local units to provide notice prior to initiating certain infrastructure projects.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires property condition disclosure statement to indicate presence of lead plumbing in residential property.. Description: Requires property condition disclosure statement to indicate presence of lead plumbing in residential property.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public water systems to offer drinking water tests to customers in certain circumstances.. Description: Requires public water systems to offer drinking water tests to customers in certain circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires direct payment of homestead credit to claimant following sale of qualifying homestead and upon claimant request.. Description: Requires direct payment of homestead credit to claimant following sale of qualifying homestead and upon claimant request.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises financial reporting requirements for charitable organizations; excludes non-monetary in-kind donations from gross revenue for purpose of reporting requirements.. Description: Revises financial reporting requirements for charitable organizations; excludes non-monetary in-kind donations from gross revenue for purpose of reporting requirements.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires health care professional licensing boards to utilize National Practitioner Data Bank.. Description: Requires health care professional licensing boards to utilize National Practitioner Data Bank.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires provision of certain information on License Verification System concerning health care professionals.. Description: Requires provision of certain information on License Verification System concerning health care professionals.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises requirements for health care service firms to report financial information to Division of Consumer Affairs.. Description: Revises requirements for health care service firms to report financial information to Division of Consumer Affairs.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires MVC to provide notation on driver's license or identification card, upon request, of persons diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder or other communication disorder.. Description: Requires MVC to provide notation on driver's license or identification card, upon request, of persons diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder or other communication disorder.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits tax preparation software companies from charging fee for electronically filing State tax returns.. Description: Prohibits tax preparation software companies from charging fee for electronically filing State tax returns.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "New Jersey Buy American Act"; requires certain State agency highway and bridge construction contracts to include iron and steel products made in U.S.. Description: "New Jersey Buy American Act"; requires certain State agency highway and bridge construction contracts to include iron and steel products made in U.S.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Laura Wooten's Law"; Requires civics instruction in middle school; authorizes New Jersey Center for Civic Education to provide curricula, professional development and technical assistance for middle and high school civics.. Description: "Laura Wooten's Law"; Requires civics instruction in middle school; authorizes New Jersey Center for Civic Education to provide curricula, professional development and technical assistance for middle and high school civics.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Renames "board of chosen freeholders" to "board of county commissioners" and "freeholder" and "chosen freeholder" to "county commissioner"; requires counties to update materials to reflect this title change.. Description: Renames "board of chosen freeholders" to "board of county commissioners" and "freeholder" and "chosen freeholder" to "county commissioner"; requires counties to update materials to reflect this title change.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Subjects domestic equity investments of the Division of Investment to certain requirements, imposes requirements related to selection of external managers and protection of public sector jobs.. Description: Subjects domestic equity investments of the Division of Investment to certain requirements, imposes requirements related to selection of external managers and protection of public sector jobs.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands Office of Public Defender representation of juveniles; repeals section 4 of P.L. 1968, c.371.. Description: Expands Office of Public Defender representation of juveniles; repeals section 4 of P.L. 1968, c.371.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits provision or sale of single-use plastic carryout bags, single-use paper carryout bags, and polystyrene foam food service products; limits provision of single-use plastic straws; appropriates moneys from Clean Communities Program Fund for public education.. Description: Prohibits provision or sale of single-use plastic carryout bags, single-use paper carryout bags, and polystyrene foam food service products; limits provision of single-use plastic straws; appropriates moneys from Clean Communities Program Fund for public education.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits physical therapists to perform dry needling under certain circumstances.. Description: Permits physical therapists to perform dry needling under certain circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires contracts for sale of certain health care entities to honor existing collective bargaining agreements.. Description: Requires contracts for sale of certain health care entities to honor existing collective bargaining agreements.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DHS to contract with third party entity to apply risk reduction model to Medicaid prescription drug services.. Description: Requires DHS to contract with third party entity to apply risk reduction model to Medicaid prescription drug services.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOH and DHS to identify and take appropriate steps to secure federal sources of funding to support maternal mental health.. Description: Requires DOH and DHS to identify and take appropriate steps to secure federal sources of funding to support maternal mental health.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits sale of paint or coating removal products that contain methylene chloride unless purchaser meets certain safety standards for use.. Description: Prohibits sale of paint or coating removal products that contain methylene chloride unless purchaser meets certain safety standards for use.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies association assessment payment requirements in planned real estate developments.. Description: Clarifies association assessment payment requirements in planned real estate developments.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Local Finance Board to make certain findings prior to dissolution of municipal water authority.. Description: Requires Local Finance Board to make certain findings prior to dissolution of municipal water authority.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes standards for installation of electric vehicle charging stations; authorizes municipal deviation from standards; exempts installation at gasoline service station from certain requirements.. Description: Establishes standards for installation of electric vehicle charging stations; authorizes municipal deviation from standards; exempts installation at gasoline service station from certain requirements.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain standards for professional and occupational boards considering applicants with criminal history records.. Description: Requires certain standards for professional and occupational boards considering applicants with criminal history records.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes counties to reduce greenhead fly populations; appropriates $50,000.. Description: Authorizes counties to reduce greenhead fly populations; appropriates $50,000.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends veterans' property tax exemption to tenant shareholders in cooperatives and mutual housing corporations.. Description: Extends veterans' property tax exemption to tenant shareholders in cooperatives and mutual housing corporations.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits certain portion of municipal development trust funds to be spent on housing affordability assistance to veterans.. Description: Permits certain portion of municipal development trust funds to be spent on housing affordability assistance to veterans.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires parent to provide completed financial aid application to Higher Education Student Assistance Authority if parent's dependent applies to State for student financial aid.. Description: Requires parent to provide completed financial aid application to Higher Education Student Assistance Authority if parent's dependent applies to State for student financial aid.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes annual grant program to recognize institutions of higher education that offer comprehensive array of veteran programs and services.. Description: Establishes annual grant program to recognize institutions of higher education that offer comprehensive array of veteran programs and services.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows municipality to establish reserved parking zone on property adjacent to disabled person's residence.. Description: Allows municipality to establish reserved parking zone on property adjacent to disabled person's residence.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns workers' compensation insurance requirements for certain corporations and partnerships.. Description: Concerns workers' compensation insurance requirements for certain corporations and partnerships.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public water systems to provide notice of elevated lead levels in drinking water to customers and local officials; requires landlords to notify tenants of elevated lead levels.. Description: Requires public water systems to provide notice of elevated lead levels in drinking water to customers and local officials; requires landlords to notify tenants of elevated lead levels.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes loan redemption program for teachers in certain fields to redeem loan amounts received under New Jersey College Loans to Assist State Students Loan Program through employment in certain low performing schools.. Description: Establishes loan redemption program for teachers in certain fields to redeem loan amounts received under New Jersey College Loans to Assist State Students Loan Program through employment in certain low performing schools.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires members of governing boards of public institutions of higher education to complete a training program developed by institution in consultation with Secretary of Higher Education.. Description: Requires members of governing boards of public institutions of higher education to complete a training program developed by institution in consultation with Secretary of Higher Education.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "New Jersey Fair Play Act"; allows collegiate student-athletes to earn compensation for use of name, image, or likeness.. Description: "New Jersey Fair Play Act"; allows collegiate student-athletes to earn compensation for use of name, image, or likeness.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns skilled and trained workforce in work by contractors in certain industries.. Description: Concerns skilled and trained workforce in work by contractors in certain industries.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Labor and Workforce Development to establish apprenticeship mentoring program for women, minorities, and persons with disabilities.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Labor and Workforce Development to establish apprenticeship mentoring program for women, minorities, and persons with disabilities.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State Capitol Joint Management Commission display representation of Alice Paul in State Capitol building.. Description: Requires State Capitol Joint Management Commission display representation of Alice Paul in State Capitol building.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes trunk fighting as animal cruelty offense and crime of the third degree.. Description: Establishes trunk fighting as animal cruelty offense and crime of the third degree.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires municipalities to file copies of tax abatement and exemption agreements with county chief financial officer and county counsel within 10 days of execution.. Description: Requires municipalities to file copies of tax abatement and exemption agreements with county chief financial officer and county counsel within 10 days of execution.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides that public institutions of higher education may only reduce student's institutional financial aid upon receipt of private scholarship under certain circumstances.. Description: Provides that public institutions of higher education may only reduce student's institutional financial aid upon receipt of private scholarship under certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Healthy Terminals Act"; requires certain airport and train station workers to be paid certain wage rates and benefits.. Description: "Healthy Terminals Act"; requires certain airport and train station workers to be paid certain wage rates and benefits.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires school district to provide information to DOE on various aspects of computer science courses.. Description: Requires school district to provide information to DOE on various aspects of computer science courses.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires owner or operator of certain trains to have discharge response, cleanup, and contingency plans to transport certain hazardous materials by rail; requires DEP to request bridge inspection reports from US DOT.. Description: Requires owner or operator of certain trains to have discharge response, cleanup, and contingency plans to transport certain hazardous materials by rail; requires DEP to request bridge inspection reports from US DOT.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns arbitration for certain non-teaching school staff.. Description: Concerns arbitration for certain non-teaching school staff.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires State agencies and political subdivisions to make good faith effort to purchase five percent of goods and services from Central Nonprofit Agency.. Description: Requires State agencies and political subdivisions to make good faith effort to purchase five percent of goods and services from Central Nonprofit Agency.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns family leave and gestational carriers.. Description: Concerns family leave and gestational carriers.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits counties and municipalities to bond for alternative fuel vehicles.. Description: Permits counties and municipalities to bond for alternative fuel vehicles.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Restricts use of neonicotinoid pesticides.. Description: Restricts use of neonicotinoid pesticides.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides retirement allowance after 20 years of service regardless of age for current members of PFRS who retire within two years.. Description: Provides retirement allowance after 20 years of service regardless of age for current members of PFRS who retire within two years.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes task force to examine school discipline practices including racial disparities and effectiveness.. Description: Establishes task force to examine school discipline practices including racial disparities and effectiveness.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires school districts and charter schools to report discipline data on their websites and to Commissioner of Education; requires DOE to establish database and complete annual report concerning student disciplinary actions.. Description: Requires school districts and charter schools to report discipline data on their websites and to Commissioner of Education; requires DOE to establish database and complete annual report concerning student disciplinary actions.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allocates Amistad Commission in but not of DOE; requires commission to elect chairperson and appoint executive director; requires public schools to include instruction on accomplishments and contributions of African Americans to American society.. Description: Allocates Amistad Commission in but not of DOE; requires commission to elect chairperson and appoint executive director; requires public schools to include instruction on accomplishments and contributions of African Americans to American society.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns disclosure of certain information prior to sale of real estate.. Description: Concerns disclosure of certain information prior to sale of real estate.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes waterfront wage standards.. Description: Establishes waterfront wage standards.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits qualified municipalities to prohibit conversion of affordable residential rental units to certain forms of ownership housing.. Description: Permits qualified municipalities to prohibit conversion of affordable residential rental units to certain forms of ownership housing.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows assistance animals in rental housing units; expands protection under "Law against Discrimination.". Description: Allows assistance animals in rental housing units; expands protection under "Law against Discrimination."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases amount annually credited to Shore Protection Fund to $50 million.. Description: Increases amount annually credited to Shore Protection Fund to $50 million.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits sale of tobacco products and electronic smoking devices at certain pharmacies.. Description: Prohibits sale of tobacco products and electronic smoking devices at certain pharmacies.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires lead paint inspection on certain residential rental property, including upon tenant turnover; establishes lead-based paint hazard education program; appropriates $3,900,000.. Description: Requires lead paint inspection on certain residential rental property, including upon tenant turnover; establishes lead-based paint hazard education program; appropriates $3,900,000.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires emergency contact information and access instructions for social services hotline to be provided to tenants of multiple dwellings.. Description: Requires emergency contact information and access instructions for social services hotline to be provided to tenants of multiple dwellings.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires law enforcement officers to wear body cameras.. Description: Requires law enforcement officers to wear body cameras.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes FY 2020 supplemental appropriation of $16.5 million for direct support professional wage increase.. Description: Makes FY 2020 supplemental appropriation of $16.5 million for direct support professional wage increase.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs Secretary of Higher Education to conduct study to determine extent and cause of outmigration of high school graduates to out-of-State colleges.. Description: Directs Secretary of Higher Education to conduct study to determine extent and cause of outmigration of high school graduates to out-of-State colleges.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "New Jersey Higher Education Funding Formula Commission.". Description: Establishes "New Jersey Higher Education Funding Formula Commission."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires certain persons and business entities to maintain comprehensive information security program.. Description: Requires certain persons and business entities to maintain comprehensive information security program.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Exempts disabled veterans and Purple Heart recipients from payment of municipal parking meter fees when vehicle bears veteran's or recipient's special license plate or placard issued by MVC.. Description: Exempts disabled veterans and Purple Heart recipients from payment of municipal parking meter fees when vehicle bears veteran's or recipient's special license plate or placard issued by MVC.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Higher Education Student Advisory Commission.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Higher Education Student Advisory Commission.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes imposition of fee for connection to municipal electric distribution system.. Description: Authorizes imposition of fee for connection to municipal electric distribution system.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes housing of equine-related farm employees in facilities with horses under certain conditions as "Right to Farm" permissible activity; requires State Agriculture Development Committee agricultural management practice that permits such housing.. Description: Establishes housing of equine-related farm employees in facilities with horses under certain conditions as "Right to Farm" permissible activity; requires State Agriculture Development Committee agricultural management practice that permits such housing.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires that certain realty transfer fee revenues be dedicated to the Special Needs Housing Trust Fund.. Description: Requires that certain realty transfer fee revenues be dedicated to the Special Needs Housing Trust Fund.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits inclusion of volunteer firefighters and other emergency responders within municipal eligible employee group for purposes of the small employer health benefits plan statutes.. Description: Permits inclusion of volunteer firefighters and other emergency responders within municipal eligible employee group for purposes of the small employer health benefits plan statutes.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits persons convicted of criminal animal cruelty offenses from owning domestic companion animals and from working or volunteering at animal-related enterprises; establishes presumption against pretrial intervention for certain persons; designated as "Moose's Law.". Description: Prohibits persons convicted of criminal animal cruelty offenses from owning domestic companion animals and from working or volunteering at animal-related enterprises; establishes presumption against pretrial intervention for certain persons; designated as "Moose's Law."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns labor contractors.. Description: Concerns labor contractors.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes requirements for closures of private career schools and institutions of higher education, modifies review process of new academic programs, and requires approval of branch campuses.. Description: Establishes requirements for closures of private career schools and institutions of higher education, modifies review process of new academic programs, and requires approval of branch campuses.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits law enforcement agencies from considering number of arrests made and citations issued when evaluating police officer's professional performance.. Description: Prohibits law enforcement agencies from considering number of arrests made and citations issued when evaluating police officer's professional performance.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Deactivates certain committees, councils, panels, and task forces of advisory or temporary nature if entity does not meet or have quorum at least once every year.. Description: Deactivates certain committees, councils, panels, and task forces of advisory or temporary nature if entity does not meet or have quorum at least once every year.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Asks Joint Committee on Library of Congress to approve replacing NJ statue of Philip Kearny in National Statuary Hall Collection with statue of Alice Paul.. Description: Asks Joint Committee on Library of Congress to approve replacing NJ statue of Philip Kearny in National Statuary Hall Collection with statue of Alice Paul.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires any POW-MIA flag purchased with State funds be manufactured in United States.. Description: Requires any POW-MIA flag purchased with State funds be manufactured in United States.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes task force to study issues facing returning members of US Armed Forces, NJ National Guard, and reserve component of US Armed Forces; creates permanent commission to study various definitions related to veteran status.. Description: Establishes task force to study issues facing returning members of US Armed Forces, NJ National Guard, and reserve component of US Armed Forces; creates permanent commission to study various definitions related to veteran status.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for voluntary contributions by taxpayers on gross income tax returns for New Jersey Commission on Cancer Research.. Description: Provides for voluntary contributions by taxpayers on gross income tax returns for New Jersey Commission on Cancer Research.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits governing body of municipalities having population of 30,000 or less to serve as local board of health; validates certain actions.. Description: Permits governing body of municipalities having population of 30,000 or less to serve as local board of health; validates certain actions.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Pediatric Cancer Research Fund" and establishes requirements for disbursement of monies deposited in fund; provides for voluntary contributions by taxpayers on gross income tax returns for pediatric cancer research.. Description: Establishes "Pediatric Cancer Research Fund" and establishes requirements for disbursement of monies deposited in fund; provides for voluntary contributions by taxpayers on gross income tax returns for pediatric cancer research.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows shore municipalities to provide spouse and dependent children of veterans free or reduced cost access to beaches.. Description: Allows shore municipalities to provide spouse and dependent children of veterans free or reduced cost access to beaches.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands EDA small business loan program to include certain broadband telecommunications service providers.. Description: Expands EDA small business loan program to include certain broadband telecommunications service providers.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: The New Jersey Battlefield to Boardroom Act; provides corporation business tax credits and gross income tax credits for qualified wages of certain veterans.. Description: The New Jersey Battlefield to Boardroom Act; provides corporation business tax credits and gross income tax credits for qualified wages of certain veterans.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires automobile insurers to disclose policy limits upon request by an attorney under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires automobile insurers to disclose policy limits upon request by an attorney under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "New Jersey Insurance Fair Conduct Act.". Description: "New Jersey Insurance Fair Conduct Act."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certification of diligent inquiry in residential mortgage foreclosure actions to be filed by attorneys.. Description: Requires certification of diligent inquiry in residential mortgage foreclosure actions to be filed by attorneys.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Raises maximum eligibility age for exempt fireman certificates and membership in New Jersey State Firemen's Association.. Description: Raises maximum eligibility age for exempt fireman certificates and membership in New Jersey State Firemen's Association.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows NJ E-ZPass customers to opt to receive electronic notification of use of E-ZPass system at toll plazas operated by NJTA and SJTA.. Description: Allows NJ E-ZPass customers to opt to receive electronic notification of use of E-ZPass system at toll plazas operated by NJTA and SJTA.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows hospitals to construct housing and provide wrap-around services for individuals who are homeless or housing insecure.. Description: Allows hospitals to construct housing and provide wrap-around services for individuals who are homeless or housing insecure.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires new flooring for schools and child care centers to be certified mercury free.. Description: Requires new flooring for schools and child care centers to be certified mercury free.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits sale of cosmetic products that have been tested on animals.. Description: Prohibits sale of cosmetic products that have been tested on animals.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires MVC to place notation on vehicle's registration certificate indicating registrant is deaf.. Description: Requires MVC to place notation on vehicle's registration certificate indicating registrant is deaf.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expressly prohibits invasive examination of unconscious patient by health care practitioner without patient's prior informed written consent.. Description: Expressly prohibits invasive examination of unconscious patient by health care practitioner without patient's prior informed written consent.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises provisions required in school district's anti-bullying policy; provides for civil liability of parent of minor adjudicated delinquent for cyber-harassment or harassment; and increases certain fines against parents.. Description: Revises provisions required in school district's anti-bullying policy; provides for civil liability of parent of minor adjudicated delinquent for cyber-harassment or harassment; and increases certain fines against parents.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates eligibility of postsecondary students and other individuals for State student assistance, training, and employment services if school or training provider requires student to consent to arbitration agreement or proceeding or to waive certain rights.. Description: Eliminates eligibility of postsecondary students and other individuals for State student assistance, training, and employment services if school or training provider requires student to consent to arbitration agreement or proceeding or to waive certain rights.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires institutions of higher education and proprietary degree-granting institutions to provide transparency of tuition and fees to prospective and current students.. Description: Requires institutions of higher education and proprietary degree-granting institutions to provide transparency of tuition and fees to prospective and current students.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies extension of driver's license, identification card, and motor vehicle registration expiration dates for certain military personnel.. Description: Clarifies extension of driver's license, identification card, and motor vehicle registration expiration dates for certain military personnel.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOT Commissioner to advertise availability of certain transportation programs and services.. Description: Requires DOT Commissioner to advertise availability of certain transportation programs and services.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Task Force to Promote Employment by State Agencies of People with Disabilities.. Description: Establishes Task Force to Promote Employment by State Agencies of People with Disabilities.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: The "New Jobs for New Jersey Act.". Description: The "New Jobs for New Jersey Act."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows member of Board of Public Utilities to serve in unsalaried State government office.. Description: Allows member of Board of Public Utilities to serve in unsalaried State government office.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $32,711,205,000 in State funds and $13,856,161,239 in federal funds for the State budget for fiscal year 2020-2021.. Description: Appropriates $32,711,205,000 in State funds and $13,856,161,239 in federal funds for the State budget for fiscal year 2020-2021.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $46,380,012,000 in State funds and $21,026,030,082 in federal funds for the State budget for fiscal year 2021-2022.. Description: Appropriates $46,380,012,000 in State funds and $21,026,030,082 in federal funds for the State budget for fiscal year 2021-2022.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "Mortgage Assistance Pilot Program.". Description: Establishes the "Mortgage Assistance Pilot Program."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Excludes Armed Services combat zone pay from gross income taxation.. Description: Excludes Armed Services combat zone pay from gross income taxation.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Electronic Construction Procurement Act.". Description: "Electronic Construction Procurement Act."
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Restricts phosphorus content and requires labelling thereof for household cleansing products.. Description: Restricts phosphorus content and requires labelling thereof for household cleansing products.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates special education unit within the Office of Administrative Law; requires annual report.. Description: Creates special education unit within the Office of Administrative Law; requires annual report.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires public schools, and nonpublic schools which receive federal funding, to provide students with information on rights afforded under Title IX, and provide contact information for Title IX coordinator.. Description: Requires public schools, and nonpublic schools which receive federal funding, to provide students with information on rights afforded under Title IX, and provide contact information for Title IX coordinator.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides certain sending school districts one representative with limited voting rights on receiving school district board of education.. Description: Provides certain sending school districts one representative with limited voting rights on receiving school district board of education.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Repeals family cap in Work First New Jersey program.. Description: Repeals family cap in Work First New Jersey program.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Modifies recordkeeping requirements for secondhand jewelry and precious metal transactions; increases penalties for violations.. Description: Modifies recordkeeping requirements for secondhand jewelry and precious metal transactions; increases penalties for violations.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Creates New Jersey Global War on Terrorism Medal.. Description: Creates New Jersey Global War on Terrorism Medal.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires SEHBP and eligible employers that do not participate in the SEHBP to provide certain plans for public education employees and certain public education retirees.. Description: Requires SEHBP and eligible employers that do not participate in the SEHBP to provide certain plans for public education employees and certain public education retirees.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns subcontracting agreements entered into by public school districts and county colleges.. Description: Concerns subcontracting agreements entered into by public school districts and county colleges.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns family leave and disability benefits during epidemic-related emergencies.. Description: Concerns family leave and disability benefits during epidemic-related emergencies.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires opioid antidote prescriptions for certain patients.. Description: Requires opioid antidote prescriptions for certain patients.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Assists inmates released from incarceration in obtaining necessary reentry benefits.. Description: Assists inmates released from incarceration in obtaining necessary reentry benefits.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides civil and criminal immunity to certain health care professionals and health care facilities during public health emergency and state of emergency; facilitates issuance of certain temporary licenses and certifications during public health emergency and state of emergency.. Description: Provides civil and criminal immunity to certain health care professionals and health care facilities during public health emergency and state of emergency; facilitates issuance of certain temporary licenses and certifications during public health emergency and state of emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "COVID-19 Fiscal Mitigation Act"; clarifies filing and payment deadline for CBT and GIT taxpayers, modifies duration of State Fiscal Years 2020 and 2021, requires certain updates and presentation for State Fiscal Years 2020 and 2021.. Description: "COVID-19 Fiscal Mitigation Act"; clarifies filing and payment deadline for CBT and GIT taxpayers, modifies duration of State Fiscal Years 2020 and 2021, requires certain updates and presentation for State Fiscal Years 2020 and 2021.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides mortgage payment relief, income tax relief, consumer reporting protection, and eviction protection for residential property owners, tenants, and other consumers, during time of coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.. Description: Provides mortgage payment relief, income tax relief, consumer reporting protection, and eviction protection for residential property owners, tenants, and other consumers, during time of coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes Governor to restrict rent increases on certain commercial tenants during emergency circumstances; enhances similar existing authority over rent increases on residential tenants.. Description: Authorizes Governor to restrict rent increases on certain commercial tenants during emergency circumstances; enhances similar existing authority over rent increases on residential tenants.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits nonprofit corporations to allow members to participate in meetings by means of remote communication, and permits nonprofit corporations to hold meetings in part or solely by means of remote communication during state of emergency.. Description: Permits nonprofit corporations to allow members to participate in meetings by means of remote communication, and permits nonprofit corporations to hold meetings in part or solely by means of remote communication during state of emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Medicaid and health insurance coverage for certain refills of prescription drugs during state of emergency.. Description: Requires Medicaid and health insurance coverage for certain refills of prescription drugs during state of emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires refunds or credit for transient space reservations when public health emergency or state of emergency is in effect.. Description: Requires refunds or credit for transient space reservations when public health emergency or state of emergency is in effect.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows CBT and GIT tax credits to certain taxpayers that retain employees during COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Allows CBT and GIT tax credits to certain taxpayers that retain employees during COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes date of 2020 primary election from June 2 to July 7.. Description: Changes date of 2020 primary election from June 2 to July 7.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Excludes from severance requirements under "Millville Dallas Airmotive Plant Job Loss Notification Act" mass layoffs resulting from coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.. Description: Excludes from severance requirements under "Millville Dallas Airmotive Plant Job Loss Notification Act" mass layoffs resulting from coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Delays mandatory retirement in SPRS when it would occur during period of state of emergency; extends eligibility for appointment as member of State Police and enrollment in SPRS for 160th Class of NJ State Police.. Description: Delays mandatory retirement in SPRS when it would occur during period of state of emergency; extends eligibility for appointment as member of State Police and enrollment in SPRS for 160th Class of NJ State Police.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides relief to students receiving State financial aid to address special circumstances due to 2020 public health state of emergency.. Description: Provides relief to students receiving State financial aid to address special circumstances due to 2020 public health state of emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires hospitals to report COVID-19 demographic data.. Description: Requires hospitals to report COVID-19 demographic data.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires registration of private education lenders; establishes protections for private education borrowers.. Description: Requires registration of private education lenders; establishes protections for private education borrowers.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows gross income tax deduction for charitable contributions to certain New Jersey-based charitable organizations during COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Allows gross income tax deduction for charitable contributions to certain New Jersey-based charitable organizations during COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns employment benefits and coronavirus disease 2019 infections contracted by essential employees.. Description: Concerns employment benefits and coronavirus disease 2019 infections contracted by essential employees.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes FY 2021 supplemental Grants-in-Aid appropriation of $5 million to DCA for NJSHARES - S.M.A.R.T. Program.. Description: Makes FY 2021 supplemental Grants-in-Aid appropriation of $5 million to DCA for NJSHARES - S.M.A.R.T. Program.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns family leave benefits during epidemic-related emergencies.. Description: Concerns family leave benefits during epidemic-related emergencies.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Education to establish three-year "Bridge Year Pilot Program" for certain students who were impacted by public health state of emergency caused by coronavirus disease 2019.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Education to establish three-year "Bridge Year Pilot Program" for certain students who were impacted by public health state of emergency caused by coronavirus disease 2019.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires health care facilities to report certain coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) data related to health care workers and certain first responders.. Description: Requires health care facilities to report certain coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) data related to health care workers and certain first responders.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes certain forms of testing for cornavirus disease 2019.. Description: Authorizes certain forms of testing for cornavirus disease 2019.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides temporary modifications to payment and use of certain casino gaming taxes and fees; permanently redefines promotional gaming credits to include certain coupons and table game wagers; requires priority funding for senior and disabled transportation services.. Description: Provides temporary modifications to payment and use of certain casino gaming taxes and fees; permanently redefines promotional gaming credits to include certain coupons and table game wagers; requires priority funding for senior and disabled transportation services.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits public school students and employees from immediately returning to school after traveling to certain places during  public health emergencies.. Description: Prohibits public school students and employees from immediately returning to school after traveling to certain places during  public health emergencies.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes changes to membership and responsibilities of Campus Sexual Assault Commission.. Description: Makes changes to membership and responsibilities of Campus Sexual Assault Commission.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires refund or credit for certain transient and short-term rental reservations when public health emergency or state of emergency is in effect.. Description: Requires refund or credit for certain transient and short-term rental reservations when public health emergency or state of emergency is in effect.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns local government regulation of installation, maintenance and repair of perimeter fence intrusion protection systems, other alarm systems, and locksmithing services.. Description: Concerns local government regulation of installation, maintenance and repair of perimeter fence intrusion protection systems, other alarm systems, and locksmithing services.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns exemptions from bankruptcy proceedings.. Description: Concerns exemptions from bankruptcy proceedings.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes pharmacists to order and cause to be administered test for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19 or COVID-19 antibodies; requires health benefits and Medicaid coverage for tests.. Description: Authorizes pharmacists to order and cause to be administered test for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19 or COVID-19 antibodies; requires health benefits and Medicaid coverage for tests.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Limits service fees charged to restaurants by third-party food takeout and delivery applications during COVID-19 state of emergency.. Description: Limits service fees charged to restaurants by third-party food takeout and delivery applications during COVID-19 state of emergency.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises and updates membership and purpose of Advisory Council on the Deaf and Hard of Hearing in DHS.. Description: Revises and updates membership and purpose of Advisory Council on the Deaf and Hard of Hearing in DHS.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits lawful presence in United States as qualification for obtaining professional or occupational license.. Description: Prohibits lawful presence in United States as qualification for obtaining professional or occupational license.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "New Jersey Health Care Transparency Act.". Description: "New Jersey Health Care Transparency Act."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends duration of certain laws pertaining to use of telemedicine and telehealth in relation to COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Extends duration of certain laws pertaining to use of telemedicine and telehealth in relation to COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns online marketing of affordable housing units.. Description: Concerns online marketing of affordable housing units.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns certain workers' compensation supplemental benefits for surviving dependents of essential employees who die in course of employment.. Description: Concerns certain workers' compensation supplemental benefits for surviving dependents of essential employees who die in course of employment.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits State and local government employees in civil service to be transferred in certain circumstances.. Description: Permits State and local government employees in civil service to be transferred in certain circumstances.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Office of Clean Energy Equity in BPU; directs establishment of certain clean energy, energy efficiency, and energy storage programs for overburdened communities; makes change to community solar program.. Description: Establishes Office of Clean Energy Equity in BPU; directs establishment of certain clean energy, energy efficiency, and energy storage programs for overburdened communities; makes change to community solar program.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits eviction as remedy for nonpayment of rent due during time surrounding COVID-19 pandemic in certain circumstances.. Description: Prohibits eviction as remedy for nonpayment of rent due during time surrounding COVID-19 pandemic in certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Clayton Model Pilot Program in DOE to provide school-based social emotional learning to students in grades kindergarten through five at certain public schools.. Description: Establishes Clayton Model Pilot Program in DOE to provide school-based social emotional learning to students in grades kindergarten through five at certain public schools.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allocates $50 million to Department of Labor and Workforce Development from federal government assistance to improve unemployment insurance benefit claims processing capacity.. Description: Allocates $50 million to Department of Labor and Workforce Development from federal government assistance to improve unemployment insurance benefit claims processing capacity.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2021.. Description: Authorizes NJ Infrastructure Bank to expend certain sums to make loans for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2021.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates funds to DEP for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2021.. Description: Appropriates funds to DEP for environmental infrastructure projects for FY2021.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Local and County Health Department Infectious Disease Preparedness Study Commission.". Description: Establishes "Local and County Health Department Infectious Disease Preparedness Study Commission."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases strangulation assault to crime of second degree.. Description: Increases strangulation assault to crime of second degree.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits school district to use funds from capital reserve account and current expense emergency reserve account for certain expenses during state of emergency.. Description: Permits school district to use funds from capital reserve account and current expense emergency reserve account for certain expenses during state of emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Accelerates rescinding of certain juvenile delinquency fines and making discretionary post-incarceration supervision due to COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Accelerates rescinding of certain juvenile delinquency fines and making discretionary post-incarceration supervision due to COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes postconsumer recycled content requirements for rigid plastic containers, glass containers, paper and plastic carryout bags, and plastic trash bags; prohibits sale of polystyrene loose fill packaging.. Description: Establishes postconsumer recycled content requirements for rigid plastic containers, glass containers, paper and plastic carryout bags, and plastic trash bags; prohibits sale of polystyrene loose fill packaging.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes program to adopt paratransit best practices, requires greater coordination among paratransit service providers, and establishes regional paratransit coordinating councils.. Description: Establishes program to adopt paratransit best practices, requires greater coordination among paratransit service providers, and establishes regional paratransit coordinating councils.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Delays physical examination requirement for certain student-athletes who participate in school-sponsored athletic activities during fall athletic season of 2020-2021 school year.. Description: Delays physical examination requirement for certain student-athletes who participate in school-sponsored athletic activities during fall athletic season of 2020-2021 school year.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires public health emergency credits to be awarded to certain inmates and parolees during public health emergency; prohibits contact with victim upon release of inmate awarded credits.. Description: Requires public health emergency credits to be awarded to certain inmates and parolees during public health emergency; prohibits contact with victim upon release of inmate awarded credits.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires EDA to publish information related to certain EDA financial assistance offered in response to emergency declared by Governor.. Description: Requires EDA to publish information related to certain EDA financial assistance offered in response to emergency declared by Governor.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits certain entertainment and retail activity during current public health emergency and state of emergency.. Description: Permits certain entertainment and retail activity during current public health emergency and state of emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Co-Curricular Activity Emergency Grant Program to support operations of co-curricular activities at public schools; appropriates $750,000.. Description: Establishes Co-Curricular Activity Emergency Grant Program to support operations of co-curricular activities at public schools; appropriates $750,000.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows municipality to suspend certain zoning requirements during COVID-19 emergency.. Description: Allows municipality to suspend certain zoning requirements during COVID-19 emergency.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands financing opportunities for low and moderate income housing.. Description: Expands financing opportunities for low and moderate income housing.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes certain requirements concerning rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, undesignated/non-binary, questioning, queer, intersex, and HIV-postive residents of long-term care facilities.. Description: Establishes certain requirements concerning rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, undesignated/non-binary, questioning, queer, intersex, and HIV-postive residents of long-term care facilities.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides in-State tuition status to certain veterans and family members who attend public institutions of higher education during period of mandatory remote instruction due to public health emergencies.. Description: Provides in-State tuition status to certain veterans and family members who attend public institutions of higher education during period of mandatory remote instruction due to public health emergencies.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises requirements for health insurance providers and Medicaid to cover services provided using telemedicine and telehealth; appropriates $5 million.. Description: Revises requirements for health insurance providers and Medicaid to cover services provided using telemedicine and telehealth; appropriates $5 million.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes position of State School Nurse Consultant in DOE to facilitate best practices in school nursing by advancing comprehensive school health services.. Description: Establishes position of State School Nurse Consultant in DOE to facilitate best practices in school nursing by advancing comprehensive school health services.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires civil service examination for police and correctional police officers to include questions to identify implicit racial bias.. Description: Requires civil service examination for police and correctional police officers to include questions to identify implicit racial bias.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Appropriates $5 million in federal funds to Department of Health for grants and stipends to ensure health and safety of farm workers.. Description: Appropriates $5 million in federal funds to Department of Health for grants and stipends to ensure health and safety of farm workers.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases transparency and accountability for NJT and independence of NJT board members; establishes Office of Customer Advocate; requires greater detail for capital program.. Description: Increases transparency and accountability for NJT and independence of NJT board members; establishes Office of Customer Advocate; requires greater detail for capital program.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: "Farm Worker Epidemic Health and Safety Act"; concerns public health and certain protections for farm workers.. Description: "Farm Worker Epidemic Health and Safety Act"; concerns public health and certain protections for farm workers.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows installation of residential solar energy systems prior to obtaining construction permit or interconnection approval during COVID-19 emergency.. Description: Allows installation of residential solar energy systems prior to obtaining construction permit or interconnection approval during COVID-19 emergency.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires land use plan element of municipal master plan to include climate change-related hazard vulnerability assessment.. Description: Requires land use plan element of municipal master plan to include climate change-related hazard vulnerability assessment.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows public libraries, boards of education, and local governments to dispose of certain personal property without advertising for bids.. Description: Allows public libraries, boards of education, and local governments to dispose of certain personal property without advertising for bids.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits municipalities having population under 2,500 to withdraw from civil service by ordinance.. Description: Permits municipalities having population under 2,500 to withdraw from civil service by ordinance.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes the New Jersey Rare Disease Advisory Council.. Description: Establishes the New Jersey Rare Disease Advisory Council.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "21st Century Integrated Digital Experience Act.". Description: "21st Century Integrated Digital Experience Act."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes school districts to maintain surplus at four percent for 2020-2021 and 2021-2022 school years.. Description: Authorizes school districts to maintain surplus at four percent for 2020-2021 and 2021-2022 school years.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain provisions in State contracts for delivery of publicly financed mental health, behavioral health, and addiction services.. Description: Requires certain provisions in State contracts for delivery of publicly financed mental health, behavioral health, and addiction services.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes minimum direct care staff-to-resident ratios in nursing homes.. Description: Establishes minimum direct care staff-to-resident ratios in nursing homes.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows for cashless payment at certain sports and entertainment venues.. Description: Allows for cashless payment at certain sports and entertainment venues.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes special occasion events at certain farms on preserved farmland, under certain conditions.. Description: Authorizes special occasion events at certain farms on preserved farmland, under certain conditions.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns assessment of real property in counties operating under "Real Property Assessment Demonstration Program.". Description: Concerns assessment of real property in counties operating under "Real Property Assessment Demonstration Program."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Multigenerational Family Housing Continuity Commission; provides municipal guidance to periodically analyze local advancement of commission's senior citizen housing recommendations.. Description: Establishes Multigenerational Family Housing Continuity Commission; provides municipal guidance to periodically analyze local advancement of commission's senior citizen housing recommendations.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Adds two members to State Board of Examiners of Heating, Ventilating, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration (HVACR) Contractors.. Description: Adds two members to State Board of Examiners of Heating, Ventilating, Air Conditioning and Refrigeration (HVACR) Contractors.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits DCA to modify required amount for reserve for uncollected taxes in response to COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Permits DCA to modify required amount for reserve for uncollected taxes in response to COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates US citizenship requirement for student representatives on boards of trustees of certain public institutions of higher education.. Description: Eliminates US citizenship requirement for student representatives on boards of trustees of certain public institutions of higher education.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes information related to public health emergency accessible with certain limited exceptions.. Description: Makes information related to public health emergency accessible with certain limited exceptions.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Civil Services Commission to undertake various initiatives to increase diversity and inclusivity within law enforcement agencies.. Description: Requires Civil Services Commission to undertake various initiatives to increase diversity and inclusivity within law enforcement agencies.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires Civil Service Commission establish mentoring program for certain civil service law enforcement applicants.. Description: Requires Civil Service Commission establish mentoring program for certain civil service law enforcement applicants.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes database to aid in civil service hiring process for certain law enforcement officers; requires Statewide diversity analysis of law enforcement.. Description: Establishes database to aid in civil service hiring process for certain law enforcement officers; requires Statewide diversity analysis of law enforcement.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Minority Business Development Program" in EDA; appropriates $50 million to EDA from federal funds.. Description: Establishes "Minority Business Development Program" in EDA; appropriates $50 million to EDA from federal funds.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes position of Minority Depository Institution Coordinator in EDA.. Description: Establishes position of Minority Depository Institution Coordinator in EDA.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Rural Business Development Program" in EDA; appropriates $35 million to EDA from federal funds.. Description: Establishes "Rural Business Development Program" in EDA; appropriates $35 million to EDA from federal funds.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Biannual Small Business Matchmaker Initiative" in Department of State.. Description: Establishes "Biannual Small Business Matchmaker Initiative" in Department of State.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires long-term care facilities, as condition of licensure, to implement policies to prevent social isolation of residents.. Description: Requires long-term care facilities, as condition of licensure, to implement policies to prevent social isolation of residents.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows long-term care facility employees to accrue paid sick leave.. Description: Allows long-term care facility employees to accrue paid sick leave.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns certain restrictive covenants on real property.. Description: Concerns certain restrictive covenants on real property.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires campus diversity actions at public institutions of higher education and directs Secretary of Higher Education and Division on Civil Rights to develop guidance regarding diversity in faculty search and selection process.. Description: Requires campus diversity actions at public institutions of higher education and directs Secretary of Higher Education and Division on Civil Rights to develop guidance regarding diversity in faculty search and selection process.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises requirements for long-term care facilities to establish outbreak response plans.. Description: Revises requirements for long-term care facilities to establish outbreak response plans.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires BPU to conduct certain analysis and comparison study of electric transmission grid operating in New Jersey.. Description: Requires BPU to conduct certain analysis and comparison study of electric transmission grid operating in New Jersey.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires school report card to include information concerning number of mental health professionals and school safety specialists employed by each school district.. Description: Requires school report card to include information concerning number of mental health professionals and school safety specialists employed by each school district.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DMVA assist service members discharged solely due to LGBTQ status with petitions to change discharge designation.. Description: Requires DMVA assist service members discharged solely due to LGBTQ status with petitions to change discharge designation.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows active duty service members to provide document other than DD-214 when claiming veterans' preference for civil service.. Description: Allows active duty service members to provide document other than DD-214 when claiming veterans' preference for civil service.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows registered voters to submit application to vote by mail using online voter registration website maintained by Secretary of State up to seven days before election.. Description: Allows registered voters to submit application to vote by mail using online voter registration website maintained by Secretary of State up to seven days before election.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs DOE to establish five-year pilot program for issuance of limited certificate of eligibility with advanced standing and limited certificate of eligibility for certain teacher candidates.. Description: Directs DOE to establish five-year pilot program for issuance of limited certificate of eligibility with advanced standing and limited certificate of eligibility for certain teacher candidates.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires teachers to biennially complete two hours of professional development related to cultural competence.. Description: Requires teachers to biennially complete two hours of professional development related to cultural competence.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Male Teachers of Color Mentorship Pilot Program;" appropriates $50,000.. Description: Establishes "Male Teachers of Color Mentorship Pilot Program;" appropriates $50,000.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires educator preparation program to report passing rates of students who complete certain tests and to disseminate information on test fee waiver programs, and permits collection of student fee for certain testing costs.. Description: Requires educator preparation program to report passing rates of students who complete certain tests and to disseminate information on test fee waiver programs, and permits collection of student fee for certain testing costs.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Grants reciprocity to teachers with certain out-of-state certificates.. Description: Grants reciprocity to teachers with certain out-of-state certificates.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows student enrolled in institution of higher education who has completed 30 semester-hour credits to serve as substitute teacher; extends time period substitute teacher may serve during public health emergency.. Description: Allows student enrolled in institution of higher education who has completed 30 semester-hour credits to serve as substitute teacher; extends time period substitute teacher may serve during public health emergency.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Teacher Residency Program.. Description: Establishes Teacher Residency Program.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Mandates training on culturally responsive teaching for all candidates for teaching certification.. Description: Mandates training on culturally responsive teaching for all candidates for teaching certification.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires compilation of data and issuance of annual reports on New Jersey teacher workforce.. Description: Requires compilation of data and issuance of annual reports on New Jersey teacher workforce.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits raffles to be conducted remotely at large sporting venues.. Description: Permits raffles to be conducted remotely at large sporting venues.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Directs NJ Department of Agriculture to request necessary waivers from US Department of Agriculture to provide food and meals during school closures due to COVID-19 public health emergency.. Description: Directs NJ Department of Agriculture to request necessary waivers from US Department of Agriculture to provide food and meals during school closures due to COVID-19 public health emergency.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns eligibility of education employees for unemployment.. Description: Concerns eligibility of education employees for unemployment.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits carrier from precluding dentist from billing covered person under certain circumstances.. Description: Prohibits carrier from precluding dentist from billing covered person under certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for advocate in criminal cases concerning welfare or care of animal.. Description: Provides for advocate in criminal cases concerning welfare or care of animal.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises certain restrictions on ownership of medical cannabis alternative treatment centers; expands scope of review of alternative treatment center permit applications and related materials.. Description: Revises certain restrictions on ownership of medical cannabis alternative treatment centers; expands scope of review of alternative treatment center permit applications and related materials.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Increases child care provider payments and revises hourly limits on child care for school-aged children under subsidized child care assistance program during 2020-2021 school year.. Description: Increases child care provider payments and revises hourly limits on child care for school-aged children under subsidized child care assistance program during 2020-2021 school year.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes private persons to display American flag on bridges and overpasses that travel over property of NJTA and SJTA; prohibits NJTA and SJTA from removing American flag under certain circumstances.. Description: Authorizes private persons to display American flag on bridges and overpasses that travel over property of NJTA and SJTA; prohibits NJTA and SJTA from removing American flag under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows municipalities to designate outdoor areas upon which people may consume alcoholic beverages.. Description: Allows municipalities to designate outdoor areas upon which people may consume alcoholic beverages.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates two-year "Restorative and Transformative Justice for Youths and Communities Pilot Program" in Juvenile Justice Commission; appropriates $4.2 million in FY 2022 and FY 2023.. Description: Creates two-year "Restorative and Transformative Justice for Youths and Communities Pilot Program" in Juvenile Justice Commission; appropriates $4.2 million in FY 2022 and FY 2023.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns subcontracting agreements entered into by four-year public institutions of higher education.. Description: Concerns subcontracting agreements entered into by four-year public institutions of higher education.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Limits certain appointment times at MVC locations to obtain REAL ID to senior citizens and persons with certain medical conditions during COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Limits certain appointment times at MVC locations to obtain REAL ID to senior citizens and persons with certain medical conditions during COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes task force to study technology and other methods used to reduce or eliminate telemarketing harassment and intimidation.. Description: Establishes task force to study technology and other methods used to reduce or eliminate telemarketing harassment and intimidation.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands scope of inmate reentry assistance and benefits.. Description: Expands scope of inmate reentry assistance and benefits.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Changes definition of veteran for civil service hiring preference.. Description: Changes definition of veteran for civil service hiring preference.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires owners of multiple dwellings of three or more floors to provide priority status to residents moving to lower floors.. Description: Requires owners of multiple dwellings of three or more floors to provide priority status to residents moving to lower floors.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates office of deputy superintendent of elections in counties of fifth class.. Description: Creates office of deputy superintendent of elections in counties of fifth class.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows Board of Cosmetology Hairstyling licensees to operate mobile facilities when providing services.. Description: Allows Board of Cosmetology Hairstyling licensees to operate mobile facilities when providing services.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Codifies and establishes certain network adequacy standards for pediatric primary and specialty care in Medicaid program.. Description: Codifies and establishes certain network adequacy standards for pediatric primary and specialty care in Medicaid program.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns contributions to the unemployment compensation fund by employee leasing companies.. Description: Concerns contributions to the unemployment compensation fund by employee leasing companies.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes retroactive date for provisions of P.L.2018, c.165, which clarifies provisions of "Predatory Towing Prevention Act.". Description: Establishes retroactive date for provisions of P.L.2018, c.165, which clarifies provisions of "Predatory Towing Prevention Act."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes expanded provision of harm reduction services to distribute sterile syringes and provide certain support services to persons who use drugs intravenously.. Description: Authorizes expanded provision of harm reduction services to distribute sterile syringes and provide certain support services to persons who use drugs intravenously.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Reduces or delays increases in employer unemployment taxes related to benefits paid during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic state of emergency.. Description: Reduces or delays increases in employer unemployment taxes related to benefits paid during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic state of emergency.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides temporary extension of certain documents issued by MVC.. Description: Provides temporary extension of certain documents issued by MVC.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Renames "security aid" as "health and safety aid" to reflect that secure schools provide for students' mental health; provides that State aid for nonpublic school security services may also be used for mental health services.. Description: Renames "security aid" as "health and safety aid" to reflect that secure schools provide for students' mental health; provides that State aid for nonpublic school security services may also be used for mental health services.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides temporary corporation business tax and gross income tax credits for job creation related to manufacturing of personal protective equipment.. Description: Provides temporary corporation business tax and gross income tax credits for job creation related to manufacturing of personal protective equipment.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DOH to develop Statewide plan for infection control and prevention infrastructure improvements in nursing homes.. Description: Requires DOH to develop Statewide plan for infection control and prevention infrastructure improvements in nursing homes.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes School and Small Business Energy Efficiency Stimulus Program in BPU.. Description: Establishes School and Small Business Energy Efficiency Stimulus Program in BPU.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Consolidates certain affordable housing and assistance applications.. Description: Consolidates certain affordable housing and assistance applications.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends deadline for completion and filing of annual audit report of school district for 2019-2020 school year; establishes deadline for submission of Audit Summary for 2019-2020 school year.. Description: Extends deadline for completion and filing of annual audit report of school district for 2019-2020 school year; establishes deadline for submission of Audit Summary for 2019-2020 school year.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes regional municipal court pilot program.. Description: Establishes regional municipal court pilot program.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State Treasurer to issue report concerning New York's taxation of New Jersey residents' income.. Description: Requires State Treasurer to issue report concerning New York's taxation of New Jersey residents' income.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Sexual Violence Restorative Justice Pilot Program.". Description: Establishes "Sexual Violence Restorative Justice Pilot Program."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires law enforcement provide victim of sexual assault with intial incident report;  provides victim with option to review intial incident report and submit corrective form.. Description: Requires law enforcement provide victim of sexual assault with intial incident report;  provides victim with option to review intial incident report and submit corrective form.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires resources be made available to victims of sexual assault.. Description: Requires resources be made available to victims of sexual assault.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes right of victims to be notified of county prosecutor's charging decision in sexual assault cases.. Description: Establishes right of victims to be notified of county prosecutor's charging decision in sexual assault cases.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires AG issue annual report concerning sexual assault cases.. Description: Requires AG issue annual report concerning sexual assault cases.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes sexual violence liaison officer in Division of State Police and local police departments.. Description: Establishes sexual violence liaison officer in Division of State Police and local police departments.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires sexual assault training for prosecutors.. Description: Requires sexual assault training for prosecutors.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Codifies State Workplace Anti-Harassment and Discrimination Policy.. Description: Codifies State Workplace Anti-Harassment and Discrimination Policy.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Repeals law concerning excess rates and charges for title insurance; makes agreement to use services of title or settlement service company subject to attorney review.. Description: Repeals law concerning excess rates and charges for title insurance; makes agreement to use services of title or settlement service company subject to attorney review.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires builders to offer unit concrete products that utilize carbon footprint-reducing technology as option in new construction; establishes tax incentives, and State and local purchasing requirements, for unit concrete products that utilize carbon footprint-reducing technology.. Description: Requires builders to offer unit concrete products that utilize carbon footprint-reducing technology as option in new construction; establishes tax incentives, and State and local purchasing requirements, for unit concrete products that utilize carbon footprint-reducing technology.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows members of PERS Prosecutors Part to establish purchased PERS credit in the Part at additional cost.. Description: Allows members of PERS Prosecutors Part to establish purchased PERS credit in the Part at additional cost.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows certain students who hold T, U, or O visa to qualify for in-State tuition and allows students who hold T or U visa to qualify for student financial aid.. Description: Allows certain students who hold T, U, or O visa to qualify for in-State tuition and allows students who hold T or U visa to qualify for student financial aid.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands epinephrine access laws to include epinephrine nasal sprays.. Description: Expands epinephrine access laws to include epinephrine nasal sprays.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns names required on applications for professional and occupational licensure.. Description: Concerns names required on applications for professional and occupational licensure.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates NJ Legislative Youth Council.. Description: Creates NJ Legislative Youth Council.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits operation of pedicabs and alcoholic beverage consumption by passengers of pedicabs in certain circumstances.. Description: Permits operation of pedicabs and alcoholic beverage consumption by passengers of pedicabs in certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires issuance of temporary emergency medical services certifications under certain circumstances.. Description: Requires issuance of temporary emergency medical services certifications under certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies eligibility for deferred retirement for certain judges in JRS.. Description: Clarifies eligibility for deferred retirement for certain judges in JRS.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends time outstanding parimutuel ticket may be claimed from six months to 12 months; allows additional time to claim outstanding parimutuel tickets and unclaimed cash vouchers due to Public Health Emergency.. Description: Extends time outstanding parimutuel ticket may be claimed from six months to 12 months; allows additional time to claim outstanding parimutuel tickets and unclaimed cash vouchers due to Public Health Emergency.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires in person early voting period for certain elections; makes appropriation.. Description: Requires in person early voting period for certain elections; makes appropriation.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides accidental death benefits in certain circumstances to surviving spouse and surviving child of SPRS member or retiree who participated in 9/11 World Trade Center rescue, recovery, or cleanup operations.. Description: Provides accidental death benefits in certain circumstances to surviving spouse and surviving child of SPRS member or retiree who participated in 9/11 World Trade Center rescue, recovery, or cleanup operations.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes New Jersey Community Learning Program in DOE to provide comprehensive extended learning time programs in certain communities; dedicates portion of State cannabis revenue to support program.. Description: Establishes New Jersey Community Learning Program in DOE to provide comprehensive extended learning time programs in certain communities; dedicates portion of State cannabis revenue to support program.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Commissioner of Education to prepare learning loss report and report on public school operations during COVID-19 public health emergency.. Description: Requires Commissioner of Education to prepare learning loss report and report on public school operations during COVID-19 public health emergency.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits exemption from civil service law enforcement examination requirement for entry level-law enforcement officers.. Description: Permits exemption from civil service law enforcement examination requirement for entry level-law enforcement officers.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes numerical requirements and zoning standards for installation of electric vehicle supply equipment and Make-Ready parking spaces.. Description: Establishes numerical requirements and zoning standards for installation of electric vehicle supply equipment and Make-Ready parking spaces.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $11.5 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for municipal planning incentive grants for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Appropriates $11.5 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for municipal planning incentive grants for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $29,886,172 to State Agriculture Development Committee for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Appropriates $29,886,172 to State Agriculture Development Committee for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $12 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for county planning incentive grants for farmland preservation purposes.. Description: Appropriates $12 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to State Agriculture Development Committee for county planning incentive grants for farmland preservation purposes.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $30.387 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for State acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes, including Blue Acres projects.. Description: Appropriates $30.387 million from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to DEP for State acquisition of lands for recreation and conservation purposes, including Blue Acres projects.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows deduction from tax of certain expenses when taxpayer's federal paycheck protection program loan is forgiven and excludes those forgiven loans from gross income tax.. Description: Allows deduction from tax of certain expenses when taxpayer's federal paycheck protection program loan is forgiven and excludes those forgiven loans from gross income tax.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Bars certain public officials from holding elective public office and participating in political activities for three years.. Description: Bars certain public officials from holding elective public office and participating in political activities for three years.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Clarifies that County Option Hospital Fee Pilot Program expires five years after each participating county has collected fee and that participating counties in program are not liable for fee imposed on hospitals.. Description: Clarifies that County Option Hospital Fee Pilot Program expires five years after each participating county has collected fee and that participating counties in program are not liable for fee imposed on hospitals.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes alternate route to expedite certification of teachers at early college high school programs.. Description: Establishes alternate route to expedite certification of teachers at early college high school programs.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Reclassifies possession of psilocybin as disorderly persons offense.. Description: Reclassifies possession of psilocybin as disorderly persons offense.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Task Force for the Development of Universal Child Care.. Description: Establishes Task Force for the Development of Universal Child Care.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires State agency to redact person's handwritten signature prior to publishing documents on agency's Internet website.. Description: Requires State agency to redact person's handwritten signature prior to publishing documents on agency's Internet website.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permit members of SPRS to purchase service credit for prior public employment with federal government or another state.. Description: Permit members of SPRS to purchase service credit for prior public employment with federal government or another state.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides for accidental death benefit if death of TPAF member and certain PERS members is caused by COVID-19.. Description: Provides for accidental death benefit if death of TPAF member and certain PERS members is caused by COVID-19.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates certain juvenile justice fines, fees, costs, and other monetary penalties.. Description: Eliminates certain juvenile justice fines, fees, costs, and other monetary penalties.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires electric public utility to replace certain distribution service equipment over period of 36 months if certain sustained service interruptions occur.. Description: Requires electric public utility to replace certain distribution service equipment over period of 36 months if certain sustained service interruptions occur.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides certain protections for pandemic financial assistance.. Description: Provides certain protections for pandemic financial assistance.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows tax credits for nonresidential and multifamily building improvement expenses to reduce spread of COVID-19.. Description: Allows tax credits for nonresidential and multifamily building improvement expenses to reduce spread of COVID-19.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes the "COVID-19 Frontline Healthcare Worker Memorial Commission.". Description: Establishes the "COVID-19 Frontline Healthcare Worker Memorial Commission."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides voluntary contributions by taxpayers on gross income tax returns for Special Olympics New Jersey.. Description: Provides voluntary contributions by taxpayers on gross income tax returns for Special Olympics New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows county board of elections to determine location of certain ballot drop boxes by majority vote of its members under certain circumstances.. Description: Allows county board of elections to determine location of certain ballot drop boxes by majority vote of its members under certain circumstances.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Makes FY 2021 supplemental appropriation of $180 million to DCF, DHS and DOH for increased rates for social service and early intervention providers in financial distress due to coronavirus disease 2019 public health crisis.. Description: Makes FY 2021 supplemental appropriation of $180 million to DCF, DHS and DOH for increased rates for social service and early intervention providers in financial distress due to coronavirus disease 2019 public health crisis.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires BPU to conduct study of effect of coronavirus 2019 pandemic on local and public utility service and to quarterly collect and publish certain local and public utility service and customer information.. Description: Requires BPU to conduct study of effect of coronavirus 2019 pandemic on local and public utility service and to quarterly collect and publish certain local and public utility service and customer information.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands opportunities for restaurants, bars, distilleries, and breweries to provide outdoor dining and permits certain sales at seasonal farm markets in response to COVID-19 public health emergency.. Description: Expands opportunities for restaurants, bars, distilleries, and breweries to provide outdoor dining and permits certain sales at seasonal farm markets in response to COVID-19 public health emergency.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs NJT to erect statue in honor of A. Philip Randolph, appropriates $90,000.. Description: Directs NJT to erect statue in honor of A. Philip Randolph, appropriates $90,000.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits certain licensees to acquire alcoholic beverage license from retail food store that is bankruptcy asset; permits sell, display, and offer for sale alcoholic beverages within physically seperated area in retail food store.. Description: Permits certain licensees to acquire alcoholic beverage license from retail food store that is bankruptcy asset; permits sell, display, and offer for sale alcoholic beverages within physically seperated area in retail food store.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires adoption of and training on anti-discrimination and anti-harassment policy by certain campaign committees; creates Office on Discrimination and Harassment Prevention; appropriates $2,000,000.. Description: Requires adoption of and training on anti-discrimination and anti-harassment policy by certain campaign committees; creates Office on Discrimination and Harassment Prevention; appropriates $2,000,000.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Promotes workforce diversity in public works projects; revises "public works projects" definition to permit project labor agreements for more projects.. Description: Promotes workforce diversity in public works projects; revises "public works projects" definition to permit project labor agreements for more projects.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Codifies same-sex marriage in the statutes.. Description: Codifies same-sex marriage in the statutes.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires boards of education to provide special education and related services to certain students exceeding age of eligibility for special education and related services.. Description: Requires boards of education to provide special education and related services to certain students exceeding age of eligibility for special education and related services.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends certain provisions and effective date applicable to disclosure of personal information of judicial officers, prosecutors, and law enforcement officers.. Description: Amends certain provisions and effective date applicable to disclosure of personal information of judicial officers, prosecutors, and law enforcement officers.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises eligibility requirements for NJ Workability Program and Personal Assistance Services Program.. Description: Revises eligibility requirements for NJ Workability Program and Personal Assistance Services Program.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs Department of Agriculture to pay annual premiums to enrolled dairy farmers for certain coverage under the federal Dairy Margin Coverage Program; appropriates $125,000.. Description: Directs Department of Agriculture to pay annual premiums to enrolled dairy farmers for certain coverage under the federal Dairy Margin Coverage Program; appropriates $125,000.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Mandates training on remote teaching for all candidates for teaching certification.. Description: Mandates training on remote teaching for all candidates for teaching certification.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies certain procedures pertaining to school district regionalization; establishes grant program for cost reimbursement of conducting regionalization feasibility studies; and provides financial incentives for regionalization.. Description: Modifies certain procedures pertaining to school district regionalization; establishes grant program for cost reimbursement of conducting regionalization feasibility studies; and provides financial incentives for regionalization.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Changes effective date of new law concerning certain State contracts for mental health, behavioral health, and addiction services.. Description: Changes effective date of new law concerning certain State contracts for mental health, behavioral health, and addiction services.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises and expands authorization for any person or entity to obtain, distribute, and administer opioid antidotes.. Description: Revises and expands authorization for any person or entity to obtain, distribute, and administer opioid antidotes.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits expungement of possession or distribution of hypodermic syringe or needle offense in cases of previous expungement; repeals criminal offense of possession of syringe.. Description: Permits expungement of possession or distribution of hypodermic syringe or needle offense in cases of previous expungement; repeals criminal offense of possession of syringe.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Adds two public members to State Board of Chiropractic Examiners and prohibits licensure for individuals convicted of certain offenses.. Description: Adds two public members to State Board of Chiropractic Examiners and prohibits licensure for individuals convicted of certain offenses.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires gift card issuer provide certain protections to consumer.. Description: Requires gift card issuer provide certain protections to consumer.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Exempts certain commercial fishermen from coverage under "unemployment compensation law.". Description: Exempts certain commercial fishermen from coverage under "unemployment compensation law."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Authorizes purchaser of automobile by private sale to operate automobile for three-day period following purchase without permanent registration or transfer of title.. Description: Authorizes purchaser of automobile by private sale to operate automobile for three-day period following purchase without permanent registration or transfer of title.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes $15 million in federal funds available to EDA and New Jersey Council on the Arts to support arts and culture organizations in need.. Description: Makes $15 million in federal funds available to EDA and New Jersey Council on the Arts to support arts and culture organizations in need.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes $25 million in federal funds available to EDA to support microbusinesses in need.. Description: Makes $25 million in federal funds available to EDA to support microbusinesses in need.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Directs DEP to establish grant program for local governments to support development of community gardens.. Description: Directs DEP to establish grant program for local governments to support development of community gardens.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires certain permanency hearing to be held at least every six months.. Description: Requires certain permanency hearing to be held at least every six months.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes immunity relating to COVID-19 spread in planned real estate developments.. Description: Establishes immunity relating to COVID-19 spread in planned real estate developments.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows formation of limited liability companies by real estate salespersons and broker-salespersons to receive commission income and requires certain disclosures on promotions.. Description: Allows formation of limited liability companies by real estate salespersons and broker-salespersons to receive commission income and requires certain disclosures on promotions.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides that in personal injury or wrongful death lawsuits, calculations of lost or impaired earnings capacity not be reduced because of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, or affectional or sexual orientation.. Description: Provides that in personal injury or wrongful death lawsuits, calculations of lost or impaired earnings capacity not be reduced because of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, or affectional or sexual orientation.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes School Funding Formula Evaluation Task Force.. Description: Establishes School Funding Formula Evaluation Task Force.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes supplemental appropriation of $10 million for grants for certain lake management activities for recreation and conservation purposes.. Description: Makes supplemental appropriation of $10 million for grants for certain lake management activities for recreation and conservation purposes.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands exemption from restrictions on health care practitioner referrals; requires certain referrals to be made in accordance with certain professional standards.. Description: Expands exemption from restrictions on health care practitioner referrals; requires certain referrals to be made in accordance with certain professional standards.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Amistad Commission Exemplary Award Program; appropriates $10,000.. Description: Establishes Amistad Commission Exemplary Award Program; appropriates $10,000.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns mass transit parking tax.. Description: Concerns mass transit parking tax.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Codifies certain energy goals related to 2019 Energy Master Plan.. Description: Codifies certain energy goals related to 2019 Energy Master Plan.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits exemption from civil service examination requirement for entry-level law enforcement officers, sheriff's officers, and State and county correctional police officers; permits hiring or appointment of such officers under certain conditions, and makes appropriation.. Description: Permits exemption from civil service examination requirement for entry-level law enforcement officers, sheriff's officers, and State and county correctional police officers; permits hiring or appointment of such officers under certain conditions, and makes appropriation.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes limited breweries and craft distilleries to sell at retail and offer for sampling purposes product bottled and stored off-site under certain circumstances.. Description: Authorizes limited breweries and craft distilleries to sell at retail and offer for sampling purposes product bottled and stored off-site under certain circumstances.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires institutions of higher education to provide certain student loan information.. Description: Requires institutions of higher education to provide certain student loan information.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits teacher and professional staff member who provides special services retired from TPAF to return to employment for up to two years without reenrollment in TPAF if employment commences during 2021-2022 and 2022-2023 school years.. Description: Permits teacher and professional staff member who provides special services retired from TPAF to return to employment for up to two years without reenrollment in TPAF if employment commences during 2021-2022 and 2022-2023 school years.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Supplements Department of Transportation language provisions in FY 2021 Appropriations Act to provide flexibility for debt service payments.. Description: Supplements Department of Transportation language provisions in FY 2021 Appropriations Act to provide flexibility for debt service payments.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides financial relief to certain landlords and tenants in response to COVID-19 pandemic, adjusts certain court fees; and makes appropriations.. Description: Provides financial relief to certain landlords and tenants in response to COVID-19 pandemic, adjusts certain court fees; and makes appropriations.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Clarifies that any State entity that issues professional or occupational licenses will not require individuals to demonstrate lawful presence in New Jersey to obtain professional or occupational licensure.. Description: Clarifies that any State entity that issues professional or occupational licenses will not require individuals to demonstrate lawful presence in New Jersey to obtain professional or occupational licensure.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Repeals statute criminalizing sexual penetration while infected with venereal disease or HIV under certain circumstances; requires that in prosecutions for endangering another by creating substantial risk of transmitting infectious disease, name of defendant and other person be kept confidential.. Description: Repeals statute criminalizing sexual penetration while infected with venereal disease or HIV under certain circumstances; requires that in prosecutions for endangering another by creating substantial risk of transmitting infectious disease, name of defendant and other person be kept confidential.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns liability of certain non-profit and governmental employers for unemployment benefits paid during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic state of emergency.. Description: Concerns liability of certain non-profit and governmental employers for unemployment benefits paid during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic state of emergency.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $5 million to New Jersey Pediatric Cancer Fund.. Description: Appropriates $5 million to New Jersey Pediatric Cancer Fund.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Provides CBT tax credit for certain deliveries of low carbon concrete and for costs of conducting environmental product declaration analyses of low carbon concrete.. Description: Provides CBT tax credit for certain deliveries of low carbon concrete and for costs of conducting environmental product declaration analyses of low carbon concrete.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires health insurance carriers to offer clear cost share plans for individual health benefits plans.. Description: Requires health insurance carriers to offer clear cost share plans for individual health benefits plans.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Commission on Asian American Heritage in DOE.. Description: Establishes Commission on Asian American Heritage in DOE.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires continuation of live horse racing for standardbred racetracks holding sports wagering license.. Description: Requires continuation of live horse racing for standardbred racetracks holding sports wagering license.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits prosecutors to enroll in Prosecutors Part of PERS.. Description: Permits prosecutors to enroll in Prosecutors Part of PERS.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Eliminates premiums and waiting periods for certain NJ FamilyCare enrollees and directs DHS to implement additional targeted outreach initiatives to increase enrollment.. Description: Eliminates premiums and waiting periods for certain NJ FamilyCare enrollees and directs DHS to implement additional targeted outreach initiatives to increase enrollment.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Permits certain paramedics to administer buprenorphine.. Description: Permits certain paramedics to administer buprenorphine.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows credit against corporation business tax and gross income tax liability for employing persons with a developmental disability.. Description: Allows credit against corporation business tax and gross income tax liability for employing persons with a developmental disability.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Responsible Collective Negotiations Act.". Description: "Responsible Collective Negotiations Act."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Kean University as public urban research university.. Description: Establishes Kean University as public urban research university.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires DCF or court to consider placement of children with relatives or kinship guardians when  making placement decision; makes changes to certain standards for initiating petitions to terminate parental rights.. Description: Requires DCF or court to consider placement of children with relatives or kinship guardians when  making placement decision; makes changes to certain standards for initiating petitions to terminate parental rights.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits use of automated dispensing devices in long-term care facilities and hospice care programs.. Description: Permits use of automated dispensing devices in long-term care facilities and hospice care programs.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes program for certain individuals to become certified nursing assistants and provide private duty nursing services to certain Medicaid enrollees under increased reimbursement rates.. Description: Establishes program for certain individuals to become certified nursing assistants and provide private duty nursing services to certain Medicaid enrollees under increased reimbursement rates.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends deadline for completion and filing of annual audit report of school district for 2020-2021 school year; establishes deadline for submission of Audit Summary for 2020-2021 school year.. Description: Extends deadline for completion and filing of annual audit report of school district for 2020-2021 school year; establishes deadline for submission of Audit Summary for 2020-2021 school year.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expands definition of landlords required to provide receipt for rent cash payment made by tenant.. Description: Expands definition of landlords required to provide receipt for rent cash payment made by tenant.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes certain offshore wind projects to construct power lines and obtain real property interests; grants BPU authority to supersede certain local governmental powers upon petition from offshore wind project.. Description: Authorizes certain offshore wind projects to construct power lines and obtain real property interests; grants BPU authority to supersede certain local governmental powers upon petition from offshore wind project.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Office of Food Insecurity Advocate.. Description: Establishes Office of Food Insecurity Advocate.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes supplemental State aid to school districts receiving certain federal Impact Aid; makes appropriation.. Description: Authorizes supplemental State aid to school districts receiving certain federal Impact Aid; makes appropriation.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: FY 2021 State supplemental appropriation; appropriates $100.3 million in General Fund monies and $14.4 million in Property Tax Relief Fund monies.. Description: FY 2021 State supplemental appropriation; appropriates $100.3 million in General Fund monies and $14.4 million in Property Tax Relief Fund monies.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes "Rental Assistance Navigation Program" in DCA; makes appropriation.. Description: Establishes "Rental Assistance Navigation Program" in DCA; makes appropriation.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases purchasing threshold permitting Director of Division of Purchase and Property to delegate authority to agencies; increases bid advertising threshold on certain contracts by same scale*.. Description: Increases purchasing threshold permitting Director of Division of Purchase and Property to delegate authority to agencies; increases bid advertising threshold on certain contracts by same scale*.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes requirements to commence screening newborn infants for congenital cytomegalovirus infection; establishes public awareness campaign.. Description: Establishes requirements to commence screening newborn infants for congenital cytomegalovirus infection; establishes public awareness campaign.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes $135 million in federal funds available to EDA to support eligible entities impacted by COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Makes $135 million in federal funds available to EDA to support eligible entities impacted by COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates Department of Health State office building in Trenton as "Judith M. Persichilli Building.". Description: Designates Department of Health State office building in Trenton as "Judith M. Persichilli Building."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $100,000,000 to DCA for purpose of studying and providing grants and technical assistance to licensed and registered child care providers to support workforce development and other improvements.. Description: Appropriates $100,000,000 to DCA for purpose of studying and providing grants and technical assistance to licensed and registered child care providers to support workforce development and other improvements.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Temporarily modifies taxes and credits of casino licensees; permanently redefines promotional gaming credits to include certain coupons and table game wagers; requires priority funding for senior and disabled for senior and disabled transportation services.. Description: Temporarily modifies taxes and credits of casino licensees; permanently redefines promotional gaming credits to include certain coupons and table game wagers; requires priority funding for senior and disabled for senior and disabled transportation services.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes School and Small Business Energy Efficiency Stimulus Program Fund in BPU.. Description: Establishes School and Small Business Energy Efficiency Stimulus Program Fund in BPU.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes State Treasurer to determine salary of Director of Division of Investment.. Description: Authorizes State Treasurer to determine salary of Director of Division of Investment.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Authorizes Secretary of State and New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission to share voter and motor vehicle information with state-based non-profit organization for maintaining accuracy of voter registration information.. Description: Authorizes Secretary of State and New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission to share voter and motor vehicle information with state-based non-profit organization for maintaining accuracy of voter registration information.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes database of certain appointed positions and elected offices.. Description: Establishes database of certain appointed positions and elected offices.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns matters related to operations and obligations of casino gaming properties and finances of Atlantic City.. Description: Concerns matters related to operations and obligations of casino gaming properties and finances of Atlantic City.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Expands bonding authority of New Jersey Educational Facilities Authority to permit financing for general funding needs of New Jersey's institutions of higher education.. Description: Expands bonding authority of New Jersey Educational Facilities Authority to permit financing for general funding needs of New Jersey's institutions of higher education.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires school districts to provide instruction on history and contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders as part of implementation of New Jersey Student Learning Standards in Social Studies.. Description: Requires school districts to provide instruction on history and contributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders as part of implementation of New Jersey Student Learning Standards in Social Studies.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Raises statutory threshold for certain public bidding, permits bidder disqualification due to prior negative experience, adds exemptions to public bidding requirement under "State College Contracts Law," and establishes process for cooperative pricing system.. Description: Raises statutory threshold for certain public bidding, permits bidder disqualification due to prior negative experience, adds exemptions to public bidding requirement under "State College Contracts Law," and establishes process for cooperative pricing system.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Concerns employment security during changes in control of health care entities.. Description: Concerns employment security during changes in control of health care entities.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises law prohibiting cruel tethering and confinement of dogs; establishes procedures for seizure, care, and forfeiture of animals involved in animal cruelty violations.. Description: Revises law prohibiting cruel tethering and confinement of dogs; establishes procedures for seizure, care, and forfeiture of animals involved in animal cruelty violations.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Exempts honorably discharged veterans from payment of passenger motor vehicle registration fee; requires notification of eligible motorists.. Description: Exempts honorably discharged veterans from payment of passenger motor vehicle registration fee; requires notification of eligible motorists.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Removes New Jersey Maritime Pilot and Docking Pilot Commission from appropriations act provision that limits compensation and health benefits; clarifies PERS and SHBP eligibility for members of commission.. Description: Removes New Jersey Maritime Pilot and Docking Pilot Commission from appropriations act provision that limits compensation and health benefits; clarifies PERS and SHBP eligibility for members of commission.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises gross income tax credit for child and dependent care expenses.. Description: Revises gross income tax credit for child and dependent care expenses.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Excludes farmland and certain other lands from definitions of "redevelopment area" and "rehabilitation area" in "Local Redevelopment and Housing Law.". Description: Excludes farmland and certain other lands from definitions of "redevelopment area" and "rehabilitation area" in "Local Redevelopment and Housing Law."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises elective pass-through entity business alternative income tax.. Description: Revises elective pass-through entity business alternative income tax.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Removes Selective Service registration as requirement for eligibility under State student financial aid programs.. Description: Removes Selective Service registration as requirement for eligibility under State student financial aid programs.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Increases thresholds for environmental assessment requirements for certain transportation projects under Executive Order No. 215 of 1989.. Description: Increases thresholds for environmental assessment requirements for certain transportation projects under Executive Order No. 215 of 1989.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: "Motorbus and Passenger Rail Service Employee Violence Prevention Act.". Description: "Motorbus and Passenger Rail Service Employee Violence Prevention Act."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Allows alternative evaluation in place of basic skills testing requirements for certain teacher certification.. Description: Allows alternative evaluation in place of basic skills testing requirements for certain teacher certification.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DEP to develop and implement electric school bus program; provides for $15 million in first year and $15 million annually in subsequent two years to DEP, subject to availability, to provide grants.. Description: Requires DEP to develop and implement electric school bus program; provides for $15 million in first year and $15 million annually in subsequent two years to DEP, subject to availability, to provide grants.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Modifies lists of projects eligible to receive loans for environmental infrastructure projects from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY2022.. Description: Modifies lists of projects eligible to receive loans for environmental infrastructure projects from NJ Infrastructure Bank for FY2022.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires certain snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and dirt bikes to be forfeited and destroyed.. Description: Requires certain snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and dirt bikes to be forfeited and destroyed.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Prohibits certain utility discontinuances; establishes Winter Termination Program; requires BPU to include sewer and water public utilities in Winter Termination Program.. Description: Prohibits certain utility discontinuances; establishes Winter Termination Program; requires BPU to include sewer and water public utilities in Winter Termination Program.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Makes changes to film and digital media content production tax credit program.. Description: Makes changes to film and digital media content production tax credit program.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Revises permitting thresholds for certain types of development requiring CAFRA permit from DEP.. Description: Revises permitting thresholds for certain types of development requiring CAFRA permit from DEP.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permits exemption from civil service examination requirement for entry-level county sheriff's officer and county correctional police officer.. Description: Permits exemption from civil service examination requirement for entry-level county sheriff's officer and county correctional police officer.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes Direct Support Professional Career Development Program; appropriates $1,000,000.. Description: Establishes Direct Support Professional Career Development Program; appropriates $1,000,000.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows deduction from New Jersey gross income of certain capital gains from sale or exchange of New Jersey qualified small business stock held for more than five years.. Description: Allows deduction from New Jersey gross income of certain capital gains from sale or exchange of New Jersey qualified small business stock held for more than five years.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires that only fruits and vegetables grown and packaged in NJ may be labeled by food retailers as local to State.. Description: Requires that only fruits and vegetables grown and packaged in NJ may be labeled by food retailers as local to State.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Prohibits State from mandating electric heating or water heating systems.. Description: Prohibits State from mandating electric heating or water heating systems.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Extends temporary emergency licensure of certain health care professionals.. Description: Extends temporary emergency licensure of certain health care professionals.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Imposes temporary surcharge on casino hotel occupancies to fund public safety services.. Description: Imposes temporary surcharge on casino hotel occupancies to fund public safety services.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $16,380,595 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.. Description: Appropriates $16,380,595 from constitutionally dedicated CBT revenues to NJ Historic Trust for grants for certain historic preservation projects and associated administrative expenses.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Removes requirement for promulgation by Governor of national census.. Description: Removes requirement for promulgation by Governor of national census.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires DOH approval for adverse possessory action against hospitals.. Description: Requires DOH approval for adverse possessory action against hospitals.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Eliminates requirement for State residency of public school employees for period of three years.. Description: Eliminates requirement for State residency of public school employees for period of three years.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires Department of Education to annually report use of federal COVID-19 relief funds.. Description: Requires Department of Education to annually report use of federal COVID-19 relief funds.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Concerns apprenticeship programs of public works contractors.. Description: Concerns apprenticeship programs of public works contractors.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requires EDA to establish loan program to assist certain businesses with funding to provide reasonable accommodations for employees with disabilities.. Description: Requires EDA to establish loan program to assist certain businesses with funding to provide reasonable accommodations for employees with disabilities.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes county college-based adult centers for transition for individuals with developmental disabilities; makes annual appropriation of $4.5 million.. Description: Establishes county college-based adult centers for transition for individuals with developmental disabilities; makes annual appropriation of $4.5 million.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Revises current law to incorporate provisions of bilateral agreement between United States and European Union on prudential measures regarding insurance and reinsurance.. Description: Revises current law to incorporate provisions of bilateral agreement between United States and European Union on prudential measures regarding insurance and reinsurance.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Appropriates $2 million to CRDA to support costs associated with hosting NAACP National Convention in Atlantic City.. Description: Appropriates $2 million to CRDA to support costs associated with hosting NAACP National Convention in Atlantic City.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Limits fees charged to patients and authorized third parties for copies of medical and billing records.. Description: Limits fees charged to patients and authorized third parties for copies of medical and billing records.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Extends period of time for filing special education due process petitions related to COVID-19 school closures and periods of virtual, remote, hybrid, or in-person instruction.. Description: Extends period of time for filing special education due process petitions related to COVID-19 school closures and periods of virtual, remote, hybrid, or in-person instruction.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Requires certain unclassified State employees to receive certain salary increases.. Description: Requires certain unclassified State employees to receive certain salary increases.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Limits extension of mandatory retirement to 90 days from State Police Retirement System during emergencies.. Description: Limits extension of mandatory retirement to 90 days from State Police Retirement System during emergencies.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Allows taxpayers with fewer than 50 employees to accelerate depreciation of capital expenditures incurred to comply with COVID-19 executive orders.. Description: Allows taxpayers with fewer than 50 employees to accelerate depreciation of capital expenditures incurred to comply with COVID-19 executive orders.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Provides supplemental appropriations of $500,000 to the Apportionment Commission and $500,000 to the New Jersey Redistricting Commission.. Description: Provides supplemental appropriations of $500,000 to the Apportionment Commission and $500,000 to the New Jersey Redistricting Commission.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes Helmets to Hardhats program in the DMVA; appropriates $400,000.. Description: Establishes Helmets to Hardhats program in the DMVA; appropriates $400,000.
In 2022, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Imposes surcharge on casino hotel occupancies to fund public safety services.. Description: Imposes surcharge on casino hotel occupancies to fund public safety services.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Organizes the General Assembly for the Two Hundred and Nineteenth Legislature amends Assembly Rules 10:1 and 15:4 and establishes the Special Committee on Infrastructure and Natural Resources.. Description: Organizes the General Assembly for the Two Hundred and Nineteenth Legislature amends Assembly Rules 10:1 and 15:4 and establishes the Special Committee on Infrastructure and Natural Resources.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Declares violence a public health crisis.. Description: Declares violence a public health crisis.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges all law enforcement agencies to implement training programs on how to approach individuals who are hearing impaired.. Description: Urges all law enforcement agencies to implement training programs on how to approach individuals who are hearing impaired.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress and President to provide funding and other incentives to states to promote hydrogen fuel cell vehicle usage.. Description: Urges Congress and President to provide funding and other incentives to states to promote hydrogen fuel cell vehicle usage.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges counties and municipalities to create 2020 Census Complete Count Committees.. Description: Urges counties and municipalities to create 2020 Census Complete Count Committees.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates March 12 through 20 of 2020 "Get Out the Count Week" to encourage full Census count of New Jersey's population.. Description: Designates March 12 through 20 of 2020 "Get Out the Count Week" to encourage full Census count of New Jersey's population.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges Congress to pass "Community Parks Revitalization Act.". Description: Urges Congress to pass "Community Parks Revitalization Act."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Memorializes Congress to provide Medicare coverage for eyeglasses, hearing aids, and dentures.. Description: Memorializes Congress to provide Medicare coverage for eyeglasses, hearing aids, and dentures.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges certain New Jersey State officials to raise awareness in business community of existing "State of New Jersey - NJ Business Portal" website.. Description: Urges certain New Jersey State officials to raise awareness in business community of existing "State of New Jersey - NJ Business Portal" website.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to pass "Community Broadband Act.". Description: Urges Congress to pass "Community Broadband Act."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends Assembly Rule 10:1 to update the Assembly standing reference committees.. Description: Amends Assembly Rule 10:1 to update the Assembly standing reference committees.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Opposes Department of Housing and Urban Development's proposed changes to Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing rule.. Description: Opposes Department of Housing and Urban Development's proposed changes to Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing rule.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress and President of United States to eliminate funding disparities among land-grant institutions of higher education.. Description: Urges Congress and President of United States to eliminate funding disparities among land-grant institutions of higher education.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Condemns hate and bias crime.. Description: Condemns hate and bias crime.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Commemorates New Jersey -Taiwan sister state relationship and recognizes importance of strong and enduring partnership between New Jersey and Taiwan.. Description: Commemorates New Jersey -Taiwan sister state relationship and recognizes importance of strong and enduring partnership between New Jersey and Taiwan.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges President and Congress of United States to continue federal Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program.. Description: Urges President and Congress of United States to continue federal Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Honors contributions of teachers and recognizes National Teacher Appreciation Week.. Description: Honors contributions of teachers and recognizes National Teacher Appreciation Week.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges US President and Congress to establish student loan forgiveness program for certain doctors, nurses, and emergency medical services employees.. Description: Urges US President and Congress to establish student loan forgiveness program for certain doctors, nurses, and emergency medical services employees.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges President and Congress to enact "CARE for Kids Act of 2019.". Description: Urges President and Congress to enact "CARE for Kids Act of 2019."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges New Jersey residents to patronize small businesses to support them through  COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Urges New Jersey residents to patronize small businesses to support them through  COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to pass legislation to remove Confederate statues in US Capitol building.. Description: Urges Congress to pass legislation to remove Confederate statues in US Capitol building.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Requests federal legislation relating to COVID-19 financial relief include money for states to fund emergency grants for diaper banks.. Description: Requests federal legislation relating to COVID-19 financial relief include money for states to fund emergency grants for diaper banks.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges passage and enactment of federal "Child Care Is Essential Act.". Description: Urges passage and enactment of federal "Child Care Is Essential Act."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Honors life and legacy of United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg; respectfully urges United States Senate to refrain from voting on nominee to replace Justice Ginsburg on Court until after results of 2020 presidential election.. Description: Honors life and legacy of United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg; respectfully urges United States Senate to refrain from voting on nominee to replace Justice Ginsburg on Court until after results of 2020 presidential election.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges federal government to raise state and local tax deduction to $25,000.. Description: Urges federal government to raise state and local tax deduction to $25,000.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Supporting NJ Sharing Network and opposing new federal rules on organ procurement organizations.. Description: Supporting NJ Sharing Network and opposing new federal rules on organ procurement organizations.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Strongly condemns President Trump and extremist protesters who breached United States Capitol and urges his removal from office.. Description: Strongly condemns President Trump and extremist protesters who breached United States Capitol and urges his removal from office.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges support and protection for African-American women.. Description: Urges support and protection for African-American women.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Respectfully urges National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum induct Joan Whitney Payson into Hall of Fame.. Description: Respectfully urges National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum induct Joan Whitney Payson into Hall of Fame.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes service of New Jersey Army and Air National Guard who were mobilized to Washington D.C. after attack on United States Capitol on January 6, 2021.. Description: Recognizes service of New Jersey Army and Air National Guard who were mobilized to Washington D.C. after attack on United States Capitol on January 6, 2021.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Condemns inflammatory rhetoric and abuse targeted at Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders and recognizes contributions of these individuals and communities in New Jersey.. Description: Condemns inflammatory rhetoric and abuse targeted at Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders and recognizes contributions of these individuals and communities in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges federal government to modernize access to WIC.. Description: Urges federal government to modernize access to WIC.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges US Congress pass "Major Richard Star Act.". Description: Urges US Congress pass "Major Richard Star Act."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to pass "Veterans Economic Recovery Act of 2021.". Description: Urges Congress to pass "Veterans Economic Recovery Act of 2021."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges US Congress pass "Retired Pay Restoration Act.". Description: Urges US Congress pass "Retired Pay Restoration Act."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Respectfully urges Congress to pass "Ensuring Survivor Benefits During COVID-19 Act of 2021.". Description: Respectfully urges Congress to pass "Ensuring Survivor Benefits During COVID-19 Act of 2021."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges passage of federal "Disabled Veterans Tax Termination Act.". Description: Urges passage of federal "Disabled Veterans Tax Termination Act."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges US Congress pass "K2 Veterans Care Act of 2021.". Description: Urges US Congress pass "K2 Veterans Care Act of 2021."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges US Congress to create permanent and comprehensive framework for healthcare and benefits for veterans exposed to toxins during service.. Description: Urges US Congress to create permanent and comprehensive framework for healthcare and benefits for veterans exposed to toxins during service.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Respectfully urges Congress to pass Advancing Uniform Transportation Opportunities for Veterans Act.. Description: Respectfully urges Congress to pass Advancing Uniform Transportation Opportunities for Veterans Act.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Supports Governor's call to reconvene "States for Gun Safety" Summit and calls for summit to reconvene as soon as it is safe for participants to attend.. Description: Supports Governor's call to reconvene "States for Gun Safety" Summit and calls for summit to reconvene as soon as it is safe for participants to attend.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress and President to increase funding for fusion energy research.. Description: Urges Congress and President to increase funding for fusion energy research.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to propose amendment to United States Constitution to prohibit use of slavery or indentured servitude for individuals convicted of crime.. Description: Urges Congress to propose amendment to United States Constitution to prohibit use of slavery or indentured servitude for individuals convicted of crime.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Encourages foreign-based companies to make direct investments in NJ.. Description: Encourages foreign-based companies to make direct investments in NJ.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Constitutes special committee of Senate entitled "Senate Select Committee on New Jersey Transit.". Description: Constitutes special committee of Senate entitled "Senate Select Committee on New Jersey Transit."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to list monarch butterfly as threatened species.. Description: Urges U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to list monarch butterfly as threatened species.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges financial institutions to waive and suspend certain fees and payments during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.. Description: Urges financial institutions to waive and suspend certain fees and payments during coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges creation of federal COVID-19 Business and Employee Continuity and Recovery Fund.. Description: Urges creation of federal COVID-19 Business and Employee Continuity and Recovery Fund.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges US Congress to adopt legislation allowing commercial property owners to claim certain amounts of commercial tenant rent forgiveness during COVID-19 pandemic as deduction against property owner's income.. Description: Urges US Congress to adopt legislation allowing commercial property owners to claim certain amounts of commercial tenant rent forgiveness during COVID-19 pandemic as deduction against property owner's income.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Internal Revenue Service to grant more flexibility to users of flexible spending accounts.. Description: Urges Internal Revenue Service to grant more flexibility to users of flexible spending accounts.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Opposes Department of Housing and Urban Development's proposed changes to Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing rule.. Description: Opposes Department of Housing and Urban Development's proposed changes to Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing rule.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges State of Alabama to rename Edmund Pettus Bridge after Congressman John Lewis.. Description: Urges State of Alabama to rename Edmund Pettus Bridge after Congressman John Lewis.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges the President and Congress of the United States to create National Infrastructure Bank.. Description: Urges the President and Congress of the United States to create National Infrastructure Bank.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Honors 100th anniversary of New Jersey State Police.. Description: Honors 100th anniversary of New Jersey State Police.
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges President and Congress to enact "CARE for Kids Act of 2019.". Description: Urges President and Congress to enact "CARE for Kids Act of 2019."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes October 13, 2020 as "Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Recognizes October 13, 2020 as "Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day" in New Jersey.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Honors life and legacy of United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.. Description: Honors life and legacy of United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to address in future federal higher education stimulus legislation inequities in incorporation of part-time and online learning students in formula calculation.. Description: Urges Congress to address in future federal higher education stimulus legislation inequities in incorporation of part-time and online learning students in formula calculation.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Rutgers, The State University to memorialize United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg by naming a building on campus after her.. Description: Urges Rutgers, The State University to memorialize United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg by naming a building on campus after her.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Honors life of Tuskegee Airman James A. Cotten.. Description: Honors life of Tuskegee Airman James A. Cotten.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges New Jersey residents to patronize small businesses to support them through  COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Urges New Jersey residents to patronize small businesses to support them through  COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Strongly condemns President Trump and extremist protesters who breached United States Capitol and urges his removal from office.. Description: Strongly condemns President Trump and extremist protesters who breached United States Capitol and urges his removal from office.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes service of New Jersey Army and Air National Guard who were mobilized to Washington D.C. after attack on United States Capitol on January 6, 2021.. Description: Recognizes service of New Jersey Army and Air National Guard who were mobilized to Washington D.C. after attack on United States Capitol on January 6, 2021.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Honors life of Tuskegee Airman Malcolm Nettingham.. Description: Honors life of Tuskegee Airman Malcolm Nettingham.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Condemns inflammatory rhetoric and abuse targeted at Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders and recognizes contributions of these individuals and communities in New Jersey.. Description: Condemns inflammatory rhetoric and abuse targeted at Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders and recognizes contributions of these individuals and communities in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Secretary of Navy to designate Delaware River as site for celebration of 250th anniversary of Navy and Marine Corps.. Description: Urges Secretary of Navy to designate Delaware River as site for celebration of 250th anniversary of Navy and Marine Corps.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Strongly encourages State Board of Medical Examiners to adopt regulations as necessary to authorize radiologist assistants to practice in New Jersey.. Description: Strongly encourages State Board of Medical Examiners to adopt regulations as necessary to authorize radiologist assistants to practice in New Jersey.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges DHS to apply for federal waivers to facilitate and increase access to SNAP benefits during coronavirus disease 2019 outbreak.. Description: Urges DHS to apply for federal waivers to facilitate and increase access to SNAP benefits during coronavirus disease 2019 outbreak.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Commemorates 50th anniversary of establishment of DEP.. Description: Commemorates 50th anniversary of establishment of DEP.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Petitions federal government for emergency response funding to help schools expand access to online instruction among economically disadvantaged students.. Description: Petitions federal government for emergency response funding to help schools expand access to online instruction among economically disadvantaged students.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges United States Trade Representative to take all appropriate remedial actions granted under Section 301 of "Trade Act of 1974" concerning unpaid Peruvian agrarian reform bonds.. Description: Urges United States Trade Representative to take all appropriate remedial actions granted under Section 301 of "Trade Act of 1974" concerning unpaid Peruvian agrarian reform bonds.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Proposes constitutional amendment to modify legislative redistricting schedule if receipt by Governor of decennial census of United States is delayed.. Description: Proposes constitutional amendment to modify legislative redistricting schedule if receipt by Governor of decennial census of United States is delayed.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Petitions federal government for emergency response funding to support safe reopening of schools following COVID-19 pandemic.. Description: Petitions federal government for emergency response funding to support safe reopening of schools following COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Honors Dr. Anthony Fauci.. Description: Honors Dr. Anthony Fauci.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges U.S. Preventive Services Task Force to lower recommended colorectal cancer screening age from 50 to 45.. Description: Urges U.S. Preventive Services Task Force to lower recommended colorectal cancer screening age from 50 to 45.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Approves FY 2022 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.. Description: Approves FY 2022 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Approves NJ Building Authority project described in project report entitled "New Jersey State Capitol Complex Security Screening Building and Secure Courtyard Project.". Description: Approves NJ Building Authority project described in project report entitled "New Jersey State Capitol Complex Security Screening Building and Secure Courtyard Project."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Approves updated FY2022 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.. Description: Approves updated FY2022 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Reconstitutes the "Joint Committee on Economic Justice and Equal Employment Opportunity.". Description: Reconstitutes the "Joint Committee on Economic Justice and Equal Employment Opportunity."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges federal government to make National Practitioner Data Bank available to state health care professional boards without cost.. Description: Urges federal government to make National Practitioner Data Bank available to state health care professional boards without cost.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Commemorates 100th anniversary of passage of 19th Amendment guaranteeing women right to vote.. Description: Commemorates 100th anniversary of passage of 19th Amendment guaranteeing women right to vote.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges Secretary of Higher Education and Educational Opportunity Fund Board to study and modernize program regulations, particularly regulations related to student funding priority levels.. Description: Urges Secretary of Higher Education and Educational Opportunity Fund Board to study and modernize program regulations, particularly regulations related to student funding priority levels.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Establishes the "Commission on Reentry Services for Women.". Description: Establishes the "Commission on Reentry Services for Women."
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges U.S. Congress to adopt Equal Rights Amendment into U.S. Constitution.. Description: Urges U.S. Congress to adopt Equal Rights Amendment into U.S. Constitution.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Commemorates 50th anniversary of Earth Day.. Description: Commemorates 50th anniversary of Earth Day.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Recognizes Armenian Genocide and condemns attacks against civilians in Republic of Artsakh.. Description: Recognizes Armenian Genocide and condemns attacks against civilians in Republic of Artsakh.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Proposes constitutional amendment to allow certain organizations to use proceeds from games of chance to benefit organization.. Description: Proposes constitutional amendment to allow certain organizations to use proceeds from games of chance to benefit organization.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges efforts at state and federal levels to protect minority communities through better regulation of debt settlement companies.. Description: Urges efforts at state and federal levels to protect minority communities through better regulation of debt settlement companies.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges Congress to enact legislation requiring transparency and promoting social equity in federal opportunity zones.. Description: Urges Congress to enact legislation requiring transparency and promoting social equity in federal opportunity zones.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges President and Congress to enact legislation forgiving community disaster loans issued after Superstorm Sandy.. Description: Urges President and Congress to enact legislation forgiving community disaster loans issued after Superstorm Sandy.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Approves FY 2021 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.. Description: Approves FY 2021 Financial Plan of NJ Infrastructure Bank.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Recognizes cultural, religious, and interfaith importance of Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji as "Living Guru" of Sikhs in promoting peace and declaring Sikhs as distinct ethnic and religious minority.. Description: Recognizes cultural, religious, and interfaith importance of Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji as "Living Guru" of Sikhs in promoting peace and declaring Sikhs as distinct ethnic and religious minority.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Amends State Constitution to permit sports wagering through casinos and current or former horse racetracks on any collegiate athletic competitions.. Description: Amends State Constitution to permit sports wagering through casinos and current or former horse racetracks on any collegiate athletic competitions.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Rescinds all applications previously transmitted by the New Jersey Legislature to Congress calling for constitutional convention.. Description: Rescinds all applications previously transmitted by the New Jersey Legislature to Congress calling for constitutional convention.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges United States Department of Defense and New Jersey Civil Service Commission to permit civil service examinations during deployment.. Description: Urges United States Department of Defense and New Jersey Civil Service Commission to permit civil service examinations during deployment.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates months of June through September of each year as "Jersey Fresh Season.". Description: Designates months of June through September of each year as "Jersey Fresh Season."
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Permanently designates last week in February as "Eating Disorders Awareness Week" in New Jersey.. Description: Permanently designates last week in February as "Eating Disorders Awareness Week" in New Jersey.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "New Jersey Domestic Violence and Legal Access Task Force.". Description: Establishes "New Jersey Domestic Violence and Legal Access Task Force."
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates February 22 of each year as "Autoimmune Encephalitis Awareness Day.". Description: Designates February 22 of each year as "Autoimmune Encephalitis Awareness Day."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates May of each year as "Stroke Awareness Month.". Description: Designates May of each year as "Stroke Awareness Month."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates October 27th of each year as "Tree of Life Remembrance Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates October 27th of each year as "Tree of Life Remembrance Day" in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates June 15 of each year as Elder Abuse Awareness Day.. Description: Designates June 15 of each year as Elder Abuse Awareness Day.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates month of September of each year as "Emergency Preparedness Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates month of September of each year as "Emergency Preparedness Month" in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates October of each year as "Cyber Security Awareness Month.". Description: Designates October of each year as "Cyber Security Awareness Month."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges FCC to take temporary measures to secure broadband access for those affected by COVID-19.. Description: Urges FCC to take temporary measures to secure broadband access for those affected by COVID-19.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Calls upon Congress to release funds to offset COVID-19 related losses to DMVA's veteran memorial homes, and to fully fund rebuilding two veteran memorial homes.. Description: Calls upon Congress to release funds to offset COVID-19 related losses to DMVA's veteran memorial homes, and to fully fund rebuilding two veteran memorial homes.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates July 13th as "Black Lives Matter Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates July 13th as "Black Lives Matter Day" in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Commission to Review Impact of COVID-19 on Small Businesses.". Description: Establishes "Commission to Review Impact of COVID-19 on Small Businesses."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates December 4 of each year as "Alpha Phi Alpha Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates December 4 of each year as "Alpha Phi Alpha Day" in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates September of each year as "Self-Care Awareness Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates September of each year as "Self-Care Awareness Month" in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates April of each year as "Educational Opportunity Fund (EOF) Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates April of each year as "Educational Opportunity Fund (EOF) Month" in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates March 10 of each year as "COVID-19 Memorial Day.". Description: Designates March 10 of each year as "COVID-19 Memorial Day."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Urges U.S. President and EPA to take appropriate action, through waivers and other reforms, to allow blending of renewable fuels under the federal "Clean Air Act.". Description: Urges U.S. President and EPA to take appropriate action, through waivers and other reforms, to allow blending of renewable fuels under the federal "Clean Air Act."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Establishes "Persons with Disabilities and Senior Citizen Transportation Services Task Force" to study and make recommendations concerning ways to improve transportation services for persons with disabilities and senior citizens.. Description: Establishes "Persons with Disabilities and Senior Citizen Transportation Services Task Force" to study and make recommendations concerning ways to improve transportation services for persons with disabilities and senior citizens.
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates first Saturday of October as "Latino Clergy Day.". Description: Designates first Saturday of October as "Latino Clergy Day."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates September 11th of each year as "Heroes Day.". Description: Designates September 11th of each year as "Heroes Day."
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates October 11 of each year as the "Day of the Girl" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates October 11 of each year as the "Day of the Girl" in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates June of each year as "Scleroderma Awareness Month.". Description: Designates June of each year as "Scleroderma Awareness Month."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates second week of June of each year as "Kids Entrepreneurship Awareness Week.". Description: Designates second week of June of each year as "Kids Entrepreneurship Awareness Week."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates September of each year as "Sickle Cell Awareness Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates September of each year as "Sickle Cell Awareness Month" in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates June 2 of each year as "Gun Violence Awareness Day.". Description: Designates June 2 of each year as "Gun Violence Awareness Day."
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates September 23 of each year as "Bruce Springsteen Day.". Description: Designates September 23 of each year as "Bruce Springsteen Day."
In 2020, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Extends report deadline for Disparity in State Procurement Study Commission.. Description: Extends report deadline for Disparity in State Procurement Study Commission.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates first week of October of each year as Manufacturing Week.. Description: Designates first week of October of each year as Manufacturing Week.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates October of each year as "First Responders Appreciation Month.". Description: Designates October of each year as "First Responders Appreciation Month."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates March as "Multiple System Atrophy Awareness Month.". Description: Designates March as "Multiple System Atrophy Awareness Month."
In 2022, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates April 22 each year as "Personal Carbon Footprint Awareness Day.". Description: Designates April 22 each year as "Personal Carbon Footprint Awareness Day."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Creates commission to study sexual assault, misconduct, and harassment by staff against inmates in State correctional facilities.. Description: Creates commission to study sexual assault, misconduct, and harassment by staff against inmates in State correctional facilities.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates second week of November of each year as "National Apprenticeship Week in New Jersey.". Description: Designates second week of November of each year as "National Apprenticeship Week in New Jersey."
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates March 9 of each year "COVID-19 Heroes Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates March 9 of each year "COVID-19 Heroes Day" in New Jersey.
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates August 31 of each year "Overdose Awareness Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates August 31 of each year "Overdose Awareness Day" in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates December 4 of each year as "Alpha Phi Alpha Day" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates December 4 of each year as "Alpha Phi Alpha Day" in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates May 27 of each year as "Richard Rescorla Day.". Description: Designates May 27 of each year as "Richard Rescorla Day."
In 2020, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates September of each year as "Safe Haven Awareness Month" in New Jersey.. Description: Designates September of each year as "Safe Haven Awareness Month" in New Jersey.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Designates February 14 of each year as Frederick Douglass Day in NJ.. Description: Designates February 14 of each year as Frederick Douglass Day in NJ.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Designates January 30 of each year as Fred Korematsu Day of Civil Liberties and the Constitution of NJ.. Description: Designates January 30 of each year as Fred Korematsu Day of Civil Liberties and the Constitution of NJ.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Urges Commissioner of Corrections to resign or be removed for failure to protect Edna Mahan inmates, DOC to comply with Department of Justice recommendations, and Governor to transfer inmates.. Description: Urges Commissioner of Corrections to resign or be removed for failure to protect Edna Mahan inmates, DOC to comply with Department of Justice recommendations, and Governor to transfer inmates.
In 2021, New Jersey passed a bill titled: Condemns hate and violent extremism and commits to defense of safe and just democracy.. Description: Condemns hate and violent extremism and commits to defense of safe and just democracy.
In 2021, New Jersey engrossed a bill titled: Expresses support for commissioning of SSN-796, U.S.S. New Jersey, in New Jersey.. Description: Expresses support for commissioning of SSN-796, U.S.S. New Jersey, in New Jersey.
